 Mr. President, I supported Christopher Wray's nomination  in the Judiciary Committee to be the next Director of the Federal  Bureau of Investigation. I did so because I believe he is qualified  and--critically--I believe he will stand up for the independence of the  FBI. Such independence has never been more at risk. We need a new FBI  Director now because the President fired the last one, Director James  Comey. The President's reason for doing so was disturbing: to take  pressure off of the FBI's investigation into-Russian interference in  our democracy and connections between the Kremlin and the President's  campaign and administration. This came after the President first sought  Director Comey's loyalty, then pressured him to terminate the ongoing  investigation into Michael Flynn, and then misled the Nation as to the  reason for Director Comey's firing.   Time and again, this White House has shown it does not respect  boundaries between politics and law enforcement or understand that an  official's loyalty is to the Constitution, not the President. The  President routinely attacks the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney  General, special counsel, Acting FBI Director, former FBI Director, and  countless others. Each attack seems more outrageous than the last.  Attorney General Sessions was required by Justice Department  regulations to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. It was not  discretionary. The President launched a weeklong Twitter tirade against  him anyway, stating he would have never hired the Attorney General had  he known he would recuse himself. In other words, the President would  not have hired our Nation's top law enforcement official had the  President known he would actually follow the law.   Make no mistake, whether he asks for it or not, the President will  demand loyalty from Mr. Wray. He has shown there are consequences for  those who dare to maintain independence and follow the rules. Through  Twitter attacks and firing top officials, the President is attempting  to intimidate and improperly influence the behavior of our Nation's top  law enforcement officials.   This is not normal. We should not treat it as such, nor should these  officials be solely responsible for protecting the independence of our  law enforcement institutions. All of us, Republican and Democrat, must  stand up to a President who seems to only stand for himself and whose  relentless attacks on the rule of law harm the entire Nation.   The next FBI Director will face many tests of integrity. He will be  forced to make decisions, as Director Comey was, that will test his  commitment to the rule of law. I believed Mr. Wray when he testified in  response to my question that he would sooner resign than follow an  unlawful or unethical order from the White House. While he served as  the head of the Justice Department's criminal division in 2004, the  White House attempted to authorize a warrantless surveillance program  over the Attorney General's objections. Mr. Wray offered to resign in  solidarity with then-FBI Director Robert Mueller and then-Deputy  Attorney General Comey. He takes his integrity and the integrity of our  Nation's law enforcement agencies seriously.   I expect Mr. Wray will tenaciously guard the independence of the FBI,  and I will vote to confirm his nomination today.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   