 Mr. President, I am glad to see my friend from  Connecticut, Senator Blumenthal, on the floor because last week the  Senate Judiciary Committee reported the PROTECT Our Children Act, which  helps protect children across the country from exploitation over the  internet.   This is a bipartisan bill, not surprisingly so because last time this  legislation passed, originally back in 2008, it  [[Page S3548]]  had 60 cosponsors, including 41 Democrats and 18 Republicans. But I  have introduced this reauthorization with Senator Heller from Nevada  and Senator Blumenthal from Connecticut. It is something we call the  National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. It  reauthorizes those.   I have had the sad experience of seeing how dangerous the internet  can be for our vulnerable children. When I was attorney general of  Texas, I launched something we quaintly called at the time the Texas  Internet Bureau. That was a long time ago, about 2000. Today, they call  it the cyber crime unit, and they do a lot of even more sophisticated  things. But the idea back then and the idea still today is to fight  internet crimes and to work with law enforcement agencies around the  State, including a Dallas-based task force.   Now, 17 years later, these task forces are a national network of 61  coordinated units dedicated to protecting children from internet  predators and investigating perpetrators who engage in these horrific  crimes. These task forces are on the frontline every day, protecting  our children online and rescuing victims of exploitation and abuse.  They also work with local agencies to create victim support programs  and encourage proactive community education; for example, educating  parents and adults of the sorts of things their children might be  exposed to online that they might not know about. So we need to educate  families and children about the risks the internet can hold, together  with the wonderful opportunities it also presents. This is really the  dark underbelly of the internet.   It requires a depth of resources to fight child predators online. My  experience as attorney general was that local law enforcement agencies  didn't have the tax base. They didn't have the expertise. They didn't  have the computers and the other sophistication they needed in order to  combat this in their local communities.   Over the past few years we have been able to save many lives from  crime online, and it would be a mistake now to change course. We cannot  lose this critical tool.   Just for the information of colleagues, we put this on the hotline  which, for those who don't work in the Senate, means we asked all  Members of the Senate to comment on this and to let us know if they had  any objection to its passage.   Hearing none, Mr. President, as in legislative session, I now ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 122, S. 782.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   