 Madam Speaker, there is obviously a difference of opinion  in this country on the morality of abortion. I am appalled by the moral  arrogance of the Republicans who would use political power to impose  their views on the millions of women who disagree with them and want to  make their own decisions.    Though the Supreme Court has determined that neither Congress nor a  State may place an undue burden on a woman's right to terminate a  pregnancy, the Hyde amendment makes abortion access virtually  impossible for low-income women.   As unjust and despicable as the Hyde amendment is, this bill goes  beyond it. For the first time, Republicans are attempting to restrict  the right of women to use their own money to pay for abortions by  denying normal tax deductions for medical expenses if those medical  expenses include an abortion, by denying normal tax credits for health  insurance if that insurance covers abortion, and by denying use of tax- free money from an FSA or an HSA for an abortion.   The intent of this bill is obvious: to end insurance coverage for all  abortions, thereby making it nearly impossible for women to exercise  their constitutional rights.   Republicans should pay heed to the millions of women who marched to  protect their rights this weekend and are watching how we vote today.   Madam Speaker, there is obviously a difference of opinion in this  country on the morality of abortion. I am appalled at the moral  arrogance of the Republicans who would use political power to impose  their views on the millions of women who disagree with them and want to  make their own decisions.   If Saturday's protests are any indication, the women of America and  the world are watching us. They are not going to stand silently by  while Republicans in Congress and the White House take away their  rights, their health care, their families, and their livelihoods. They  sent this message loud and clear, but it seems my Republican colleagues  have not heard it. Yesterday morning, President Trump signed an  executive order reinstating the Global Gag Rule, which will deny  thousands of women around the world access to reproductive health care,  which will lead to a dramatic decline in maternal and infant health  around the world.   Today, Republicans are bringing up a bill that will deny women the  right to access comprehensive reproductive health care, a right  protected by the Constitution.   The right of a woman to decide whether to become pregnant, to decide  to continue her pregnancy, or to make the decision to terminate her  pregnancy is protected by the Constitution. The Supreme Court has  determined that neither Congress nor a state may place an ``undue  burden'' on that right. Denial of Medicaid or other government funding  that would be available for other medical procedures should be  considered an ``undue burden.'' For decades, Congress has imposed the  Hyde Amendment on every appropriations bill. This language  disproportionately impacts poor women and women of color, effectively  denying them their constitutional right to access abortion. Yet today,  Republicans want to make that language permanent.   As unjust and despicable as the Hyde Amendment is, this bill goes  beyond it. For the first time, Republicans are restricting the right of  women to use their own money to pay for abortions. This bill will deny  normal tax deductions for medical expenses if those expenses include  abortion, normal tax credits for health insurance if that insurance  includes abortion, and denying the ability to use tax-free money from  an FSA or HSA for an abortion.   The bill does include an exception in cases of rape, incest, or the  life of the mother. You may ask, how the IRS will know a woman's reason  for getting an abortion. Well, under this bill, women will have to  prove they are a victim of rape or incest or will have to provide  detailed medical records to determine just how at risk their life was.  Women will not only have to suffer the trauma of a sexual assault or  the loss of a pregnancy because of life-threatening complications, they  will now also have to face an IRS inquisition to get their own money  back. So much for Republicans' pledge to get ``big government'' out of  people's lives.   The intent of this bill is obvious: to end insurance coverage for all  abortions thereby making it nearly impossible for women to exercise  their constitutional rights. Republicans are clearly out of step with  the millions of women who marched to protect their rights this weekend.  Those women, and the millions more who stand with them, are watching  and ready to fight back. I am proud to vote against this bill and to  join their fight.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, these are the faces of innocent and  wonderful women like Dakota and Chenoa, who indicate that, if they did  not have Planned Parenthood, they would not be able to be where they  are today, or Chenoa, who indicated, without Planned Parenthood and the  Affordable Care Act, they wouldn't have access to health care.   That is what H.R. 7 intends to do, to deny these young, beautiful  women an opportunity. But more importantly, my colleagues on the other  side want to suggest they only--they only--have religion and faith. But  as a mother, let me say that every child I have loved and every woman  who has had a decision to make I have loved and respected for her  choice of a faith, her God, and her doctor.   Rather than having this war on women by Republicans, we need to be  dealing with the voting rights law. Rather than prohibiting individuals  from receiving a refundable tax credit on cost-sharing reductions for  purchasing a qualified health plan that encourages coverage for  abortions or denying the District of Columbia their rights, we should  be standing for rights. This is a constitutional right. It is also a  choice by a woman of her God, her doctor, and her family.   Vote against H.R. 7. It is violence against women. It is not helping  women or the unborn child.   Madam Speaker, I rise again in strong opposition to H.R. 7, the so- called ``No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.''   I oppose this bill because it is unnecessary, puts the lives of women  at risk, interferes with women's constitutionally guaranteed right of  privacy, and diverts our attention from the real problems facing the  American people.   A more accurate short title for this bill would be the ``Violating  the Rights of Women Act of 2017.''   Instead of resuming their annual War on Women, our colleagues across  the aisle should be working with Democrats to build upon the ``Middle- Class Economics'' championed by the Obama Administration that have  succeeded in ending the economic meltdown it inherited in 2009 and  revived the economy to the point where today we have the highest rate  of growth and lowest rate of unemployment since the boom years of the  Clinton Administration.   We could and should instead be voting to raise the minimum wage to  $15.00 per hour so that people who work hard and play by the rules do  not have to raise their families in poverty.   A far better use of our time would be to provide help to unemployed  job-hunters by making access to community college affordable to every  person looking to make a new start in life.   Instead of voting to abridge the constitutional rights of women for  the umpteenth time, we should bring to the floor for a first vote  comprehensive immigration reform legislation or legislations repairing  the harm to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by the Supreme Court's  decision in Shelby County v. Holder.   Madam Speaker, the one thing we should not be doing is debating  irresponsible ``messaging bills'' that abridge the rights of women and  have absolutely no chance of overriding a presidential veto.   The version of H.R. 7 before us now is as bad today as it was when  the House Republican leadership insisted on bringing it to a vote a  year ago.   The other draconian provisions of that terrible bill are retained in  H.R. 7, which would:   1. Prohibit federal funds from being used for any health benefits  coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (Thus making permanent  existing federal policies.)   2. Prohibit the inclusion of abortion in any health care service  furnished by a federal or District of Columbia health care facility or  by any physician or other individual employed by the federal government  or the District.   3. Apply such prohibitions to District of Columbia funds.   4. Prohibit individuals from receiving a refundable federal tax  credit, or any cost-sharing reductions, for purchasing a qualified  health plan that includes coverage for abortions.   5. Prohibit small employers from receiving the small-employer health  insurance credit provided by the health care law if the health plans or  benefits that are purchased provide abortion coverage.   If H.R. 7 were enacted, millions of families and small businesses  with private health insurance plans that offer abortion coverage would  be faced with tax increases, making the cost of health care insurance  even more expensive.   Under the Affordable Care Act, insurers are able to offer abortion  coverage and receive  [[Page H643]]  federal offsets for premiums as long as enrollees pay for the abortion  coverage from separate, private funds.   If enacted, H.R. 7 would deny federal subsidies or credits to private  health insurance plans that offer abortion coverage even if that  coverage is paid for from private funds.   This would inevitably lead to private health insurance companies  dropping abortion coverage leaving millions of women without access to  affordable, comprehensive health care.   Currently, 87% of private insurance health care plans offered through  employers cover abortion.   If H.R. 7 were to become law, consumer options for private health  insurance plans would be unnecessarily restricted and the tax burden on  these policy holders would increase significantly.   H.R. 7 would also deny tax credits to small businesses that offer  their employees insurance plans that cover abortion, which would have a  significant impact on millions of families across the nation who would  no longer be able to take advantage of existing tax credits and  deductions for the cost of their health care.   For example, small businesses that offer health plans that cover  abortions would no longer be eligible for the Small Business Health Tax  Credit--potentially worth 35%-50% of the cost of their premiums-- threatening 4 million small businesses.   Self-employed Americans who are able to deduct the cost of their  comprehensive health insurance from their taxable income will also be  denied similar tax credits and face higher taxes.   H R. 7 would also undermine the District of Columbia's home rule by  restricting its use of funds for abortion care to low-income women.   The Hyde Amendment stipulates that no taxpayer dollars are to be used  for abortion care, and has narrow exceptions for rape, incest, and  health complications that arise from pregnancy which put the mother's  life in danger.   H.R. 7 would restrict women's access to reproductive health care even  further by narrowing the already stringent requirements set forth in  the Hyde Amendment.   When the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, the President  issued an Executive Order to ``ensure that Federal funds are not used  for abortion services.''   This version of H.R. 7 goes far beyond the safeguards established  under the Affordable Care Act, and sets a dangerous precedent for the  future of women's reproductive health in this country because it  includes two new provisions that were added at the 11th hour but have  never received a hearing or a mark-up.   These new provisions would (1) ban abortion coverage in multi-state  health plans available under the ACA; and (2) mandate that health plans  mislead consumers about abortion coverage by requiring all plans in the  health-insurance exchanges that include abortion coverage to display  that fact prominently in all advertising, marketing materials, or  information from the insurer but interestingly, does not require the  same disclosure from plans that do not cover abortion.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 7 would also force health plans to mislead  consumers about the law's treatment of abortion.   As a concession to anti-choice lawmakers, the ACA requires insurance  plans participating in the new health system to segregate monies used  for abortion services from all other funds.   In order to aid in identifying these funds and simplify the process  of segregating general premium dollars from those used to cover  abortion services, the ACA requires that health plans estimate the cost  of abortion coverage at no less than $1 per enrollee per month.   H.R. 7 would require plans covering abortion to misrepresent this  practice as an ``abortion surcharge,'' which is to be disclosed and  identified as a portion of the consumer's premium.   By describing abortion coverage in this way, H.R. 7 makes it look as  though it is an added, extra cost, available only at an additional fee,  when in fact it is not.   Taken together, the provisions in H.R. 7 have the effect, and  possibly the intent, of arbitrarily infringing women's reproductive  freedoms and pose a nationwide threat to the health and wellbeing of  American women and a direct challenge to the Supreme Court's ruling in  Roe v. Wade.   Madam Speaker, one of the most detestable aspects of this bill is  that it would curb access to care for women in the most desperate of  circumstances.   Women like Danielle Deaver, who was 22 weeks pregnant when her water  broke. Tests showed that Danielle had suffered anhydramnios, a  premature rupture of the membranes before the fetus has achieved  viability.   This condition meant that the fetus likely would be born with a  shortening of muscle tissue that results in the inability to move  limbs. In addition, Danielle's fetus likely would suffer deformities to  the face and head, and the lungs were unlikely to develop beyond the  22-week point.   There was less than a 10% chance that, if born, Danielle's baby would  be able to breathe on its own and only a 2% chance the baby would be  able to eat on its own.   H.R. 7 hurts women like Vikki Stella, a diabetic, who discovered  months into her pregnancy that the fetus she was carrying suffered from  several major anomalies and had no chance of survival. Because of  Vikki's diabetes, her doctor determined that induced labor and  Caesarian section were both riskier procedures for Vikki than an  abortion.   Every pregnancy is different. No politician knows, or has the right  to assume he knows, what is best for a woman and her family.   These are decisions that properly must be left to women to make, in  consultation with their partners, doctors, and their God.   H.R. 7 lacks the necessary exceptions to protect the health and life  of the mother.   H.R. 7 is an unconstitutional infringement on the right to privacy,  as interpreted by the Supreme Court in a long line of cases going back  to Griswold v. Connecticut in 1965 and Roe v. Wade decided in 1973.   In Roe v. Wade, the Court held that a state could not prohibit a  woman from exercising her right to terminate a pregnancy in order to  protect her health prior to viability.   While many factors go into determining fetal viability, the consensus  of the medical community is that viability is acknowledged as not  occurring prior to 24 weeks gestation.   Supreme Court precedents make it clear that neither Congress nor a  state legislature can declare any one element--``be it weeks of  gestation or fetal weight or any other single factor--as the  determinant'' of viability. Colautti v. Franklin, 439 U.S. 379, 388-89  (1979).   The constitutionally protected right to privacy encompasses the right  of women to choose to terminate a pregnancy before viability, and even  later where continuing to term poses a threat to her health and safety.   This right of privacy was hard won and must be preserved inviolate.   The bill before us threatens this hard won right for women and must  be defeated.   I urge all members to join me in opposing the bill.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Swalwell).   