 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I would like to congratulate my  colleague from South Dakota for his comments. I am hearing the same  thing in Wyoming that he has been hearing about the ObamaCare health  care law and the impact on people in his State. I am hearing the same  thing. I heard it this past weekend in Wyoming talking to people about  what impact ObamaCare has had on their lives.   It is very interesting because people all around the State of Wyoming  are talking about the fact that their costs have gone up and choices  have gone down. Many who had insurance that worked for them lost that  insurance all related to a law passed in the House and the Senate and  signed into law by President Obama.   Tonight, in Chicago, President Obama is going to give a farewell  address. I am assuming he will talk about ObamaCare, and I am assuming  he paints a very different picture than the American people have seen  and are living with. The President is using scare tactics about what  Republicans plan to do. No matter what President Obama wants, the  American people have spoken. They have voted, and 8 out of 10 people  say that what this costly and complicated health care law has done to  them, they would like to see it either significantly changed or  repealed and replaced. They know better than to believe what the  Democrats are continuing to tell them because they have been living  with it every day.   Seven years ago, Democrats made one false claim after another when  they were trying to sell this law to the American people. Democrats  said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. They said: If  you liked your health care plan, you could keep your health care plan.  That one was labeled the Lie of the Year a few years ago. They said  premiums for the average family would go down by $2,500. None of it was  true. Now Democrats are out telling more tales about ObamaCare. All of  these new stories are going to be just as false as the ones they told  us all in the past. For one thing, Democrats have been saying that  millions of Americans are going to lose their health insurance if we  repeal the ObamaCare health care law.   In a letter just last week, Senators Schumer and Sanders said that  Republicans are planning to take health care coverage away from more  than 30 million Americans. It is not going to happen. The Democrats  absolutely know it is not going to happen. It doesn't stop them from  saying it.   The fact is, this should never have been about health insurance in  the first place. As a doctor, I will tell you this should have been  about health care and patients. Republicans are going to make sure that  is where the focus is from now on. The number of people with good  health insurance coverage under ObamaCare actually has been a lot less  than what the Democrats are claiming. That is because lots of people  who bought ObamaCare coverage only did it because the health care law  forced them to give up the insurance they already had and liked and  worked for them. I have heard many stories from people in Wyoming who  had insurance. It worked for them. They chose it because it was best  for them and their family, and they lost it because the President said  it wasn't good enough for him. These are people who were hurt by the  broken promises and by President Obama's well-earned award of Lie of  the Year.   With the health care law, most of the people who got insurance for  the first time were actually forced into the broken system called  Medicaid. Most of those people were actually eligible for Medicaid  before the law was even signed, but for people who didn't have  insurance before, a lot of them still can't afford care now because  they may have insurance, but the deductibles are so high they can't  afford to use it. Half of ObamaCare enrollees say they are skipping  doctor visits in order to save money. If a family's health insurance  doesn't cover the care they need, then the number of people covered is  totally meaningless.   Democrats are out there saying that if we try to replace ObamaCare  with a better solution, that it is just going to, in their words, cause  chaos in the health insurance industry. Where have they been? There is  chaos everywhere because of ObamaCare. When you look at what Democrats  did to America's health care system, what you see is chaos. Premiums  are up 25 percent in 1 year. That is chaos. Deductibles are up by an  average of $450 in a year. That is chaos. There is no functioning  marketplace for ObamaCare in one-third of the country. That is chaos.  When Americans look at this, what they see is already chaos, and  ObamaCare caused it.   I want to mention one of the false claims the Democrats are making,  and it has to do with Medicaid. That is because Medicaid was broken  long before ObamaCare. All the health care law did  [[Page S186]]  was add more people onto this broken program. One reason Medicaid is  struggling is the same reason the rest of ObamaCare isn't working-- because Medicaid tries to impose too many rules and regulations from  Washington. It tries to make one size fit all.   There are different needs in every State. States know what those  needs are, and they know much better than Washington about the people  who live in those States. There are Republican Governors like Mike  Pence of Indiana who understood this very important fact--and I am glad  he is soon going to be Vice President. Governors like Mike Pence fought  for waivers, waivers to make sure they could do what the people of  their States needed. Every Governor should have that kind of freedom to  look out for the best interests of the people in their home States.  They shouldn't have to ask permission from some unaccountable,  unelected Washington bureaucrat before making improvements to their own  Medicaid Program. Giving States the freedom to come up with better  solutions is just one of the things Republicans are going to do to  replace ObamaCare with real health care reform. States need and deserve  to have that freedom, and people should be free to buy the health  insurance that meets their needs, not what meets the needs of the  President of the United States.   People shouldn't have to pay more for coverage that isn't a good  value for them. That is why so many people aren't even signing up in  the first place and would rather pay the penalty--a penalty that, in my  mind, is still unconstitutional. Families should have more flexibility  to save for their own medical care. That is a way to make sure they are  not stuck with empty coverage they can't afford to use. People  shouldn't be mandated to buy this overpriced, unusable insurance or  face a penalty from the IRS. It is one of the most outrageous parts of  the entire health care law. To me, it is the first thing that has to go  on the chopping block.   Republicans are going to repeal damaging and destructive ideas like  ObamaCare's many taxes, mandates, and penalties. Then we are going to  walk through better solutions one-by-one, step-by-step. I hope some of  the Democrats in Congress will join us.   The Democratic Senators must be heading home on weekends and  listening to people who have been impacted the way I described the  people of Wyoming believe they have been impacted by the health care  law. They have to realize there are things we must do better and more  freedoms that must be given to the American people.   The American people have suffered long enough with the chaos created  by ObamaCare. It took years for health insurance markets to get this  bad, and it is going to take time to get things fixed.   This resolution we have submitted to repeal ObamaCare is the start.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Wyoming.   