 Mr. President, the debate over healthcare can be very  confusing. Last night, a tweaked third version of this year's third  bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act was released. This is after  several dozens of votes taken in Congress on this very same issue since  2010.   There is no question--the debate over healthcare has been exhausting.  Our Nation's disability advocates, patients, doctors, and anyone with a  preexisting condition have spent this past year on high alert, waiting  on a razor's edge for the next time they would need to plead with  Republicans in Congress not to take away their healthcare.   Healthcare is a very complex subject, but rather than engaging in  thoughtful, bipartisan debate, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are rushing to pass something--anything--even if they don't know  the details.   What we do know about this bill is that millions of people will lose  their healthcare. Why? Because Republicans in Congress are facing a  deadline of September 30 to use an arcane, expedited procedure that  will let them repeal the Affordable Care Act with a simple majority of  the Senate. My Republican colleagues are in such a rush that they don't  even want to wait until we get a nonpartisan analysis from the  Congressional Budget Office. I believe they don't want to wait because  they know the budget analysis will make it very clear that this is a  very bad bill.   Although the healthcare debate is often confusing, exhausting, and  complex, I think we should focus on just one very simple concept: No  one in this great country of ours should ever go bankrupt because they  get sick.   Let me repeat that. No one should ever go bankrupt because they get  sick.   Every American, no matter what ZIP Code they live in, should be able  to have affordable, quality healthcare.   As I stand here today, we don't know what version of the Affordable  Care Act repeal we will be voting on later this week, but some things  are virtually certain: Michiganders will be forced to pay more for less  healthcare; costs for older Americans will increase dramatically;  insurance companies will once again be free to discriminate against  individuals with preexisting conditions, such as cancer, diabetes, and  heart disease; and even if policies are available, Michiganders will  never be able to afford them.   This last-ditch effort to meet an artificial deadline is not  thoughtful, measured or kind; it is messy, rushed, and cruel.   The Affordable Care Act is not perfect, and nobody here is saying  that it is, but while we are spending this week debating yet another  repeal bill, we are wasting time that should be spent on improving our  healthcare system for all Americans. We need to reauthorize the  Children's Health Insurance Program, which expires at the end of this  week. If it is not reauthorized, it could jeopardize care for over  100,000 children in my State alone. We need to also act quickly to  support community health centers, which face the same funding deadline  and serve as the primary healthcare home for nearly 700,000  Michiganders. What we need is a truly bipartisan process to improve the  Affordable Care Act, while keeping what works in place.   The legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act before us this week  will jeopardize care for individuals with preexisting conditions and  increase costs for older Americans who are already living on a fixed  income. I heard from countless Michigan veterans, small business  owners, hard-working parents with children, and many others who will be  hurt by the proposals in this Republican bill. My constituents are  fearful that they will be forced to choose between going without the  care they need or facing potential bankruptcy over the costs.   I will say it again. No one in America should ever go bankrupt  because they get sick. Every American should be able to afford quality  healthcare, and I will continue fighting to ensure we never go back to  the days when families had to face impossible choices.   This bill is simply wrong. It is wrong on policy, it is wrong on  process, and it is wrong for millions of Michiganders who are worried  about their families' healthcare.   I urge my Republican colleagues to end this misguided repeal fight  once and for all so that we can come together on a bipartisan basis and  make healthcare work for each and every American.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.  [[Page S5878]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   