 Mr. Speaker, today I am here to talk about a bill that  should be a fully bipartisan bill supported by all Members of this  body. It gives our probation officers the tools they need to defend  themselves, but also, at the same time, protect the people who are on  probation that the probation officers are trying to help and protect  and keep on track and get them back on a path to productive citizenship  in this country. Sometimes they are impeded from doing their job, not  just verbally.   I was a cop for 33 years. I was verbally abused thousands of times. I  have lost track. Those bounce off the badge, and that is what probation  officers do. Verbal abuse is verbal abuse. You deal with it, you handle  it, and you go about your day. But when somebody puts their hands on  you, or they spit on you, that is physical. That is assault. Probation  officers should be able to protect themselves and take actions in those  instances when they are assaulted. You don't need an arrest warrant.  You don't need a search warrant to arrest someone who has just  assaulted an officer. This is common sense.   So to say you need a search warrant or an arrest warrant to arrest  someone who has assaulted you is the wrong way to look at this law. The  person who is being supervised lives in a residence, and the probation  officer has the authority to go to that residence and has the  authority, by the way, Mr. Speaker, to walk into that residence. They  have the authority to force their way into that residence if it is  known to be owned by the person who is on probation. And if they are  obstructed in doing that, it is a violation of the law. Furthermore, if  they are assaulted, it is another violation.   In the past, what has happened is that the probation officers had to  step away, walk away, and say: Oh, well. The guy just spit in my face.  He punched me in the face. He pushed me. He obstructed me. I guess I  will go back to my car and get on the radio, and 30 minutes from now  when police officers can finally show up--because we are shorthanded  across this Nation as far as police officers go. We have hundreds and  hundreds, thousands, of vacancies across this Nation in every police  department, every sheriff's office. So we are going to just step away,  we are going to call for backup, and we are going to wait for a half an  hour and see what happens.   I think this not only puts the probation officer at risk, but it also  puts the person who is on probation at risk. What is happening in that  house that that person doesn't want us to come in and see?   I have worked with, as you might guess, probation officers from the  local level, Federal level, all across the spectrum. They are well  trained. They have an academy that they go through. They raise their  right hand and swear to uphold the Constitution, all the laws of this  country. They are trained. Every year they have a minimal amount of  training, 40 hours. That is the minimum. They have additional training  on top of that on specific issues on how to handle situations where it  escalates to a physical event. They know how to de-escalate verbal  events. These are professional people who are doing a job that a lot of  people don't want.   And already States across this country have recognized that their  State probation officers need this sort of authority. In some States,  for example, they have given them full police authority. I repeat, full  police authority.   In this case, it is very limited. It is limited to the obstruction.  It is limited to the physical obstruction of the probation officer  doing their job that we have asked them to do on behalf of all of us in  this country. The least we can do, as we wrap up National Police Week,  is to say we support law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, there are Members in this body who have found a way-- decided that there is a way that I can vote ``no'' on this instead of  standing up and saying--there are Members here that have had police  officers added to the memorial wall this past week; in  [[Page H4365]]  some cases, five people from one State. Those Members have decided to  find a way to not support law enforcement, and they are going to vote  ``no.''   Mr. Speaker, we can yak all we want about supporting cops, but if we  don't show it with this vote, it is all talk. When I was a cop, you had  to walk the talk. And today, Members of this body, if you support law  enforcement, you better walk the talk.   