 Madam President, I want to thank the Senator from Kansas  for all the hard work he has done, and the Senator from Montana. On the  rare occasion I come to praise him, I would like to give him my deep  and heartfelt appreciation for his work in a bipartisan fashion on this  issue. I mean that with all sincerity. I also thank our distinguished  chairman, Senator Isakson. I also think I share with my colleagues an  appreciation for Dr. Shulkin, the new Secretary of the Veterans'  Administration, who has been an active and helpful participant in this  effort.   Most everything has been said except that I would like to remind my  colleagues that we now have--since the enactment in 2014, over 7  million appointments have been made using the Choice Program. Now, over  30,000 appointments are successfully made each week under the Choice  Program.   The programs are set to expire in a few months, and, as pointed out  by my colleagues, the VA has already begun to limit care for pregnant  mothers, as well as cancer patients, because their treatment would  extend beyond August. Soon all veterans will be kicked off the Choice  Program.   I would just like to point out to my colleagues, if I could, that  this crisis started in Phoenix, AZ, where 15,000 veterans were put on a  wait list and over 40 veterans died while awaiting care. That is not  acceptable in this Nation.   I believe the Choice Program is a major step forward. The truth is,  the VA has a lot more to do to provide for the care we have obligated  this Nation to on behalf of those who have fought and sacrificed for  our Nation. The Choice Card has made a major step forward. I hope we  can consider removing any geographic or other limitations associated  with it. But what the Senators from Kansas and Montana have done today  is to make sure this program continues and why it is important to pass  it today--not one dollar Congress authorized to care for veterans under  the Choice Program should go unused.   Let me mention what we have done. There are 7 million additional  appointments for veterans in their communities, and over 1.5 million  veterans have benefited from using the Choice Card that they would not  have had otherwise. Some 350,000 more doctors, nurse practitioners, and  physician assistants are available to treat veterans. There are 235,000  appointments per month through Veterans Choice--more than 10,000 per  workday. The Veterans Choice Program more than doubles the number of  medical providers nationwide that treat veterans. In Arizona, 11,700  medical providers in veterans communities have treated over 100,000  disabled veterans.   The Veterans Choice Card is being used at 700 hospitals and nearly  10,000 clinics nationwide. The Western Region is paying more than 90  percent of Veterans Choice doctors in less than 30 days and answering  900,000 phone calls per month, with an average time to answer of under  25 seconds. Over 3,000 veterans received hepatitis C treatments due to  Veterans Choice funding.   There are still kinks in the operation. There are still bottlenecks.  There are still times when veterans' payments, particularly, have not  been done in a timely fashion, as the Senator from Kansas mentioned.  Hopefully, that will change now. As with any program, it had its  difficulties in its beginning. But I want to tell my colleagues that we  should make the Choice Card available for any veteran, no matter where  they happen to reside. It should be, I believe, the basis of our next  effort. But in the meantime, I want to thank again the Senator from  Kansas for his hard work.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   