 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this important amendment would help  safeguard U.S. courts against crowding of court dockets by foreign  maritime crewmembers. It simply clarifies where the claim must be  brought when the case has no meaningful connection to the United  States.   Specifically, the amendment limits the ability of foreign crewmembers  working on foreign ships in foreign waters to sue in U.S. courts when a  remedy is available in their home countries or the country of the ship  on which they served. If no such remedy is available abroad, the  amendment would allow those crewmembers to file suit in the United  States, assuming they could meet the same burden needed to file any  other suit.   To be clear, again, this amendment in no way restricts a foreign  crewmember's access to judicial relief if they are injured or suffer  some other damage as a result of working on a foreign vessel. It simply  says that they need to seek relief in their home country or the home  country of the vessel on which they served before seeking relief in  U.S. courts.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wilson).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   This amendment limits the ability of foreign crewmembers working on  foreign ships in foreign waters to sue in U.S. courts when a remedy is  available in their home country or the country of the ship on which  they serve. That is it.   They can still sue. Trial lawyers around the world can rejoice  because these crewmembers can come back to their home countries and  they can sue and sue and sue. They just can't do it in the U.S. if it  didn't happen in U.S. waters. It is that simple.   Again, a foreign mariner operating on a foreign ship in foreign or  international waters should avail themselves of the courts in their  home country or the vessel's home country before using U.S. courts.  That is it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   