 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 92, condemning  North Korea's development of multiple intercontinental ballistic  missiles.   Without question, North Korea's relentless effort to develop  ballistic missiles poses a serious threat to the security of the United  States, especially to our allies in the region, and possibly all across  the globe.   For the past several years, Kim Jong-un has made significant strides  in their nuclear missile program. It seems like every few weeks we hear  new reports concerning the growing North Korea nuclear threat. North  Korea has conducted multiple nuclear tests and demonstrated that it is  bound and determined to develop a ballistic missile capable of  delivering a nuclear warhead to the continental United States.   It has also become abundantly clear that the Kim regime will continue  to  [[Page H2608]]  work toward a nuclear warhead, no matter the cost. Just today, a senior  North Korean defector stated that the young, irresponsible dictator  will do anything to remain in power and that Kim believes nuclear  weapons will help guarantee his rule.   We must condemn these actions and begin taking concrete steps to  mitigate the growing North Korean threat. I also believe we must work  closer than ever with our South Korean partners and increase our  already strong security alliance by assisting with technological  developments, carrying out more joint exercises, and quickly making the  Terminal High Altitude Area Defense systems, or THAAD, in South Korea  operational.   I commend my friend, Mr. Wilson of South California, for his  leadership in championing H. Res. 92. I also want to thank Chairman  Royce and the ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel, for, again, using the  format of the Foreign Affairs Committee in a bipartisan manner.   This is one committee in the House--and there are a few others--that  works very much in a bipartisan manner. This is one we do need to be  united on. The threat from Kim Jong-un is serious. It is dangerous. It  is a threat to world peace. We need to take it seriously. H. Res. 92  goes in the right direction. I, again, want to thank Mr. Wilson for  proposing it.   