 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for  his great work in bringing this matter forward.   Mr. Speaker, protection of children is not a partisan matter, and I  am grateful to the committee, committee staff, and Chairman Goodlatte  for his leadership in this matter and bringing this forward.   With school ending and summer camp starting, this is the time to  bring awareness to and pass the Child Protection Improvements Act.   Every year, millions of people work with or volunteer to help our  children wherever they are as camp counselors, local youth sports  coaches, mentors. You name it. All across America, there are  organizations where people can make a difference in the lives of our  Nation's youth, and our children can absolutely benefit from these  programs. Take the Boys and Girls Clubs, MENTOR, or the YMCA, just to  name a few. These groups and dozens of others, which exist virtually in  all of our districts, have come to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Schiff) and to me asking for help.   Just like any parent, they too want to ensure that people working  with our kids are decent, with clean backgrounds and good intentions.  Mr. Speaker, that is where Congress comes in. We have a duty to ensure  every youth-serving organization in America can afford and access the  best background checks on staff and volunteers so they can properly vet  people who might have traveled across State lines. This means utilizing  the FBI's gold-standard database.   Shockingly enough, not every organization has the option today, but  we have the ability to change that. The Child Protection Improvements  Act would allow all youth-serving organizations to utilize the FBI  fingerprint-based background checks. We are simply eliminating the red  tape that prevents the access in some of these States so every  organization can adequately look out for our children, no matter where  they live.   For those who are justifiably concerned about the cost, it should  also be noted that the CPIA is fiscally responsible, as it does not  authorize any new spending. The program will be supported by fees  assessed for background checks by the requesting nonprofit  organizations.   Mr. Speaker, every kid deserves a childhood where they can explore,  grow, and do fun things beyond the  [[Page H4411]]  walls of their home and school. As a father of three myself, I ask my  colleagues to support this commonsense measure to catch potential  threats and keep our kids safe.   