 Mr. President, last year, the Occupational Safety and  Health Administration clarified employers' continuing duty to keep  records of work-related injuries and illnesses. Today the congressional  majority is using the Congressional Review  [[Page S1914]]  Act to both repeal this rule and prevent OSHA from doing anything  similar. I support the rule and oppose the resolution to repeal it.   In 1970, Congress found that workplace injuries and illnesses result  in lost production, lost wages, medical expenses, and disability  compensation payments. In response, Congress enacted the Occupational  Safety and Health Act of 1970 to ensure that employers provide workers  with safe and healthful workplaces.   To carry out the law, Congress directed the Secretary of Labor to  issue regulations requiring employers to make and maintain accurate  records of work-related injuries and illnesses. In the legislative  history of the law, the House Committee on Education and Labor found  that State reporting requirements varied widely and concluded that  Congress had an ``evident Federal responsibility'' to provide for  ``accurate, uniform reporting standards.'' The report of the Senate  Committee on Labor and Public Welfare found that ``full and accurate  information is a fundamental precondition for meaningful administration  of an occupational safety and health program.''   In 1971, OSHA issued its first recordkeeping regulations. OSHA  revised these regulations in 2001 to make the recordkeeping system  easier to use.   OSHA's recordkeeping regulations require employers to keep records of  certain injuries and illnesses in the workplace and to make that  information available to employees, OSHA, and the Bureau of Labor  Statistics. Employers must record work-related injuries and illnesses  resulting in death, loss of consciousness, days away from work,  restricted work activity or job transfer, medical treatment beyond  first aid, or a diagnosis of a significant injury or illness by a  doctor or other healthcare professional.   Accurate injury and illness records give employers information that  they need. The records make employers more aware of the kinds of  injuries and illnesses that occur and the hazards that contribute to  them. That allows employers to identify and correct hazardous workplace  conditions. Injury and illness records thus help employers to manage  workplace safety and health more effectively.   Similarly, injury and illness records give workers information that  they can use. Workers who are aware of the hazards around them are more  likely to follow safe work practices and to report workplace hazards.  That contributes to the overall level of safety and health in the  workplace.   As the UAW said in its letter opposing the resolution to disapprove  of the rule: ``Accurate injury and illness records are critically  important for workers and their families. Having the necessary tools to  collect complete and accurate data on work-related injuries and  illnesses is a key component in reducing, mitigating, and eliminating  hazards and deaths in the workplace.''   Injury and illness records give OSHA an important source of  information for smart enforcement. The records allow OSHA to focus its  inspection on the hazards that the data reveal. The records allow OSHA  to help identify the most dangerous types of worksites and the most  common safety and health hazards.   As the American Public Health Association wrote: ``Public health  professionals understand the critical importance of accurate  information to help identify hazards in order to develop and implement  better health and safety protections. One important source of that  information is the records some employers are required to keep on work- related injuries and illnesses. These records are invaluable for  employers, workers and OSHA to monitor the cause and trends of injuries  and illnesses. Such data is essential for determining appropriate  interventions to prevent other workers from experiencing the same  harm.''   In 2012, in the case of AKM LLC doing business as Volks Constructors  v. Secretary of Labor, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of  Columbia Circuit held that the law does not permit OSHA to impose a  recordkeeping obligation on employers that continues beyond the  expiration of the law's 6-month statute of limitations. While OSHA  disagreed with the court's ruling, it agreed that its recordkeeping  regulations needed clarification. So OSHA issued its rule amending its  recordkeeping regulations to clarify that the duty to make and maintain  accurate records of work-related injuries and illnesses is an ongoing  obligation. OSHA made clear that the duty to record an injury or  illness continues, as long as the employer is required to keep records  of the recordable injury or illness and does not expire just because  the employer failed to create the necessary records when it was first  required to do so.   The new rule adds no new compliance obligations. It does not require  employers to make records of any injuries or illnesses for which  records are not currently required to be made.   The rule clarifies that, if an employer fails to record an injury or  illness within 7 days, the obligation to record continues on past the  7th day. If the employer records the injury on some later day, the  violation ceases at that point, and OSHA would need to issue any  citation within 6 months of the cessation of the violation.   Every Presidential administration since 1972 has supported OSHA's  interpretation of the law.   Repealing the rule would lessen OSHA's enforcement ability. It would  allow employers to get away with systematic underreporting of injuries  over many years, and it would decrease worker safety.   As the AFL-CIO wrote in its letter opposing the resolution: ``Without  the new rule, it will be impossible for OSHA to effectively enforce  recordkeeping requirements and assure that injury and illness records  are complete and accurate. In the absence of enforcement, there is no  question that the underreporting of injuries, already a widespread  problem, will get much worse, undermining safety and health and putting  workers in danger.''   And as National Nurses United wrote: ``By revoking OSHA's authority  to enforce recordkeeping requirements, this Congressional Review Act  (CRA) resolution denudes the agency of the tools necessary to identify  and target patterns of workplace hazards . . . . The elimination of  OSHA's ability to enforce rules on workplace safety records allows--and  even incentivizes--employers to obscure ongoing workplace hazards.''   Good decisionmaking relies on good information. OSHA's regulation  helps to ensure that employers keep good records. The pending  resolution to repeal that rule goes in the wrong direction, and thus I  oppose the resolution and urge my colleagues to vote against it.   