 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for up to 10 minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the  courageous service and selfless sacrifice of our Nation's veterans.   Honoring our veterans is one of the greatest privileges I have as a  Senator, which is why I often attend celebrations in Arkansas to  acknowledge and salute some of the brave men and women who have served  our Nation in uniform.   I recently had the pleasure to recognize the service and valor of 15  Arkansas veterans during the Arkansas Military Veterans' Hall of Fame  induction ceremony. The class of 2017 inductees comes from all across  Arkansas. These veterans served in conflicts ranging from World War II  through the War on  [[Page S7076]]  Terror. Together, they have earned some of our Nation's most  prestigious honors and commendations, including the Purple Heart, the  Bronze Star, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Legion of Merit, and  the Silver Star Medal for gallantry.   I also had the opportunity to present three Arkansas veterans with  the medals and commendations they had earned when I attended the  Veterans Day celebration in Fort Smith, AR. I am proud of the work that  we do to obtain the service medals and recognition that these heroes  have earned.   We have also worked hard to honor the efforts of Mr. Errol Severe, of  Eureka Springs, AR, as he strives to preserve and promote the role of  joint service aviation cadets in the 20th century. Mr. Severe, an Air  Force veteran, operates the Aviation Cadet Museum, which is the only  museum in the United States that exists exclusively to celebrate the  teamwork, collaboration, patriotism, and courage of the individuals who  trained for and fought in the national aviation effort from 1917 to  1965.   As we recognize our veterans and honor the sacrifice and heroism of  those who have been called to serve our Nation in uniform, we must  recommit ourselves to fighting on their behalf. As a member of the  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am committed to honoring the  promise made to our veterans.   We have made tremendous progress during this Congress. In June,  President Trump signed the Department of Veterans Affairs  Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act. This strengthens  accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs by allowing the VA  to dismiss bad employees while protecting those who expose wrongdoing.   We are also continuing to improve the Choice Act. Earlier this year,  we hosted listening sessions with Arkansas veterans to obtain their  input on the strengths and the weaknesses of the program, as Congress  continues to expand access to adequate healthcare options for veterans.   In addition, we enhanced the post-9/11 GI bill benefits to increase  educational opportunities. I am proud to have played a role in crafting  this law, along with my colleague from Oregon, Senator Wyden. I am  pleased that he can join me on the floor to recognize the importance of  the provision we have championed for several years to fix an oversight  that prevented combat-injured members of the National Guard and Reserve  from receiving the same GI bill benefits as Active-Duty military  members. This is a great example of Senators on both sides of the aisle  working together to get things done.   Fixing this clear oversight in the law that unfairly penalized  wounded and injured servicemembers and kept them from accruing  educational benefits they rightly earned while in recovery was a  priority for both of us because these men and women deserved better. To  correct this injustice, we introduced legislation earlier this year, as  well as in the last Congress, and I am pleased that it was included in  the comprehensive GI reform bill that was signed into law this summer.   While we have made improvements, there is still more that needs to be  done, including the expansion of VA services for female veterans. I  encourage my colleagues to support the Deborah Sampson Act to address  these concerns, and I urge VA Secretary Shulkin to implement reforms  written in the bill that don't require congressional action. Our work  must continue.   Today, my colleague from Indiana, Senator Donnelly, and I will  introduce legislation to allow veterans who served in Thailand during  the Vietnam war era the opportunity to prove toxic exposure in order to  qualify for VA benefits.   Let me take one more opportunity to thank our veterans and their  families. This country made a promise to our veterans that we must live  up to, and I am proud to be able to work for them to ensure that we  follow through with our commitment.   The men and women who put their lives on the line in defense of our  country deserve our undying gratitude. They also deserve our support  when they transition back into civilian life, which is why we must  support efforts to improve their health, their ability to further their  education needs, and to pursue their dreams, just as they fought to  make that possible for their fellow Americans. That sentiment is shared  throughout this Chamber. For all of our disagreements in Washington, we  truly do come together in support of our veterans. That is one area of  agreement.   I thank Senator Wyden for his leadership to ensure equal treatment of  education benefits for wounded guardsmen and reservists. I was very  proud to work with him in support of this efforts, and I look forward  to working with him in the future.   Our guardsmen and reservists are called to defend and protect our  Nation, exactly like Active-Duty members. So it is only right that they  receive the same GI bill benefits.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nebraska.   