 Madam President, I rise today at a time of extraordinary  opportunity. The American people have entrusted us with something that,  historically, is quite rare: a Republican President, Republican control  of every executive agency, and Republican majorities in both Houses of  Congress. Now it is incumbent on us to stand up and lead, to deliver on  the promises we made to do what we told the American people we would  do.   We have before us right now an opportunity for historic tax cuts.  Just last week, this body voted out a budget resolution that is the  vehicle for adopting tax cuts. I urge every Member of this body to come  together in support of a strong, bold tax plan that cuts taxes on every  working man and women and that brings back jobs and economic growth.   Growth is really fundamental to every other challenge we have in this  country. If you look historically, since World War II, our economy has  grown on average about 3.3 percent a year. Yet, from 2008 to today, we  have grown only 1.2 percent a year--about a third of the historic rate  of growth.   If we don't turn that around, none of our other problems are  solvable. If you care about the national debt, if you care about the  deficit, if you care about rebuilding and strengthening our military,  if you care about strengthening and improving Social Security and  Medicare so that they are there for the next generations, we have to  have growth. With economic growth, every one of those is possible.  Without growth--if we stay mired in the stagnant Obama 1- and 2-percent  GDP growth, none of those problems are solvable.   Growth is foundational. I would like to lay out three principles and  then seven key elements that I think should guide this body in tax  reform. No. 1 is growth. When we are adopting tax cuts, we should focus  directly on jobs and economic growth and focus on the reforms that  produce jobs, that expand  [[Page S6790]]  economic growth, that grow our economy, that create more opportunity,  and that raise wages.   Working men and women in this country are hurting. We need wages  going up. We need more jobs. We need young people coming out of school  with two, three, four, or five job opportunities. That is what tax cuts  are all about. No. 1, we start with growth.   I will point out that we can do this. From 2008 to 2012, the economy  grew 0.9 percent a year--less than 1 percent a year on average. If you  look back in history to the previous 4-year period when growth averaged  less than 1 percent a year, it was 1978 to 1982. It was coming out of  the Jimmy Carter administration. It was the same failed economic  policies--high taxes, high regulation, high spending, and high debt.   In 1981 Ronald Reagan came into the White House. The Reagan  Presidency focused front and center on tax cuts, with major tax cuts in  1981, and then following it up in 1986 with major tax reform.   And what happened? When Reagan came in 1981 with across-the-board tax  cuts and tax cuts for everybody, Democrats screamed, the media  screamed, and yet the economy took off.   The fourth year of the Reagan Presidency, GDP growth wasn't 3  percent. It wasn't 4 percent. It wasn't 5 percent. It wasn't even 6  percent. It was 7.2 percent in 1984--7.2 percent, those are numbers you  hear in the developing world. Those are numbers you hear in China and  India.   All of our learned economists who are so world weary and all of our  media reporters who are so world weary tell us: No, no, no, that kind  of growth is not possible in America anymore. Accept the new normal of  1 and 2 percent of stagnancy, of young people buried in student loans,  of people hurting. Accept that as the new normal.   That is nonsense. If we want to see Reagan-style growth, we need a  Reagan-style tax cut--an unapologetic, unabashed tax cut that focuses  on jobs.   The second big principle is simplicity. There is an old rule, KISS,  or ``keep it simple, stupid,'' which is particularly powerful when it  comes to tax reform. Bold simplicity has enormous power and, in  particular, allowing every American to fill out their taxes on a  postcard. I believe that should be an integral element of what we pass.  It is what I have been pressing for many years, and what I would  continue to urge my colleagues here in the Senate and in the House to  do, which is to simplify the Tax Code so that we don't spend millions  and millions of hours and paperwork wasted on compliance. Make it a  postcard. Make it simple.   Then the third objective is fairness. We want a tax system that is  fair, that isn't arbitrary, that isn't Washington picking winners and  losers and deciding: OK, this industry we like; so you can do OK. This  industry we don't like; so you are going to hurt. We are going to pick  between them.   We need to cut everybody's taxes.   Last week, I debated Bernie Sanders on CNN on tax reform. Bernie, to  his credit, was very candid. He said he wanted to raise your taxes. If  you are a taxpayer, your taxes are going up under Bernie and the  Democrats' vision.   My vision is every bit as simple on the other side. If you are a  taxpayer, I want to cut your taxes. That is what we need to do--to cut  taxes fairly, across the board for every American, to reduce the burden  from Washington, and to create jobs and economic opportunity.   I would note that, in that debate with Bernie, there was one exchange  that I thought was particularly notable. Bernie, as you know, when he  ran in Vermont did not run as a Democrat. Rather, he ran telling the  voters he was a socialist. I asked a simple question: What is the  difference between a socialist and a Democrat on taxes?   He sat there for several seconds in silence and said: I don't know  the answer to that.   My response was: Neither do I.   One side of this Chamber wants to raise your taxes if you are a  taxpayer. The other side of this Chamber wants to cut your taxes if you  are a taxpayer. That is a simple choice for the American people.   What are the elements that should reflect those principles? There are  seven critical elements: No. 1, I believe we should create a simple,  low, flat rate. Currently, there are seven individual rates with the  top rate at nearly 40 percent. Ideally, what I believe we should have  is one simple, low, flat tax.   When I was campaigning for President, I campaigned on a simple, flat  tax of 10 percent for every individual and every family in this  country, 16 percent as a business flat tax, and to abolish every other  Federal tax, to abolish the corporate income tax, to abolish the death  tax, to abolish the alternative minimum tax, and to abolish the payroll  tax. Everyone pays a simple, flat 10 percent for individuals and 16  percent for businesses. Simplicity has power.   It may be the case that we don't have the votes to go to a simple,  flat tax today. If that is where we are, if we don't have the votes to  do it today, then the closer we get to that the better. If we can't get  to a simple, flat tax, then going from seven brackets to three is an  improvement, and going from three to two is even better, and going from  two to one would be even better than that. We need to press  consistently for a low, simple, flat rate that is fair for everyone.    The second element, which we talked about just a minute ago, is  filing your taxes on a postcard. Let me tell you the most wonderful  aspect of that simplicity. It is not the billions of hours, it is not  the billions of dollars that are saved. The best aspects of filing your  taxes on a postcard are actually the physical dimensions of the  postcard. It means that Congress can't add a bunch of new things. Even  if we tried to put it in four-point font, eventually you will run out  of space on the postcard. The reason a postcard is so important is it  imposes a discipline on the Federal Government that it can't carve out  a special loophole for every favored or disfavored group because it is  simple and flat and fair for everybody.   No. 3, allow immediate expensing. What does expensing mean? It means  that if a business makes a capital expenditure, right now, they  physically have to amortize it over a number of years. Instead, what we  should do is allow full and immediate expensing.   If a farmer in the Presiding Officer's home State of Iowa buys a new  tractor, that farmer should be able to expense it immediately, that  year. If a steel factory buys new equipment and hires new workers to  operate that equipment, that steel factory should be able to expense  that new equipment immediately. If a diner buys new kitchen equipment  and hires new cooks and waiters and waitresses, the owner of that small  business should be able to expense that capital expenditure. And why is  that? The reason is the first principle I started with--growth.   If you care about jobs and economic growth, expensing is a powerful  engine for jobs and economic growth. It creates millions of new jobs  because that capital has to be spent in the United States. It has to be  spent here. That tractor is in the United States; that steel equipment  is in the United States; that diner with the cooking equipment is in  the United States, which means those jobs are in the United States.   I would note, by the way, the people who particularly benefit from  immediate expensing are the working men and women of this country--the  men and women with callouses on their hands, the men and women,  frankly, who gave Donald Trump the victory in November of 2016 or the  union workers whom, sadly, the Democratic Party has abandoned.   There was a time when the Democratic Party styled themselves as the  party of the working man and woman. That time has been long since  forgotten. The Democratic Party now listens to California  environmentalist billionaires and ignores the plight of steelworkers,  oilfield workers, farmers, ranchers, taxicab drivers, truckdrivers,  waiters, and waitresses--the men and women who are working hard for  their families. That is who the Republican Party should be fighting  for--the working men and women of this country. Immediate expensing  impacts working men and women, particularly in heavy manufacturing.   The fourth element is a lower corporate rate. We are seeing, and we  have seen over the last 8 years, companies leaving America and moving  their headquarters, moving their legal domicile to other countries. Why  is that? Because the United States has the  [[Page S6791]]  highest corporate tax rate of any developed country in the world. We  have created a tax environment that tells American businesses: If you  simply get the heck out of Dodge, if you simply move somewhere other  than America, immediately your profitability will jump because our  corporate tax rate is higher and, in some instances, more than twice as  high as our competitors.   Look at Ireland. Ireland used to have high corporate taxes. They cut  their corporate tax rate. Then they cut it again, and they are seeing  businesses flood into Ireland because of the low corporate tax rate,  and they bring with them jobs.   Our focus should be jobs. If we cut the corporate rate so that it is  low--so that it is at least as low as our competitors and ideally even  lower--we will create an environment where more businesses want to do  business in America where there are more jobs.   I am reminded of Hillary Clinton, who said during the Presidential  campaign season: Don't let anybody tell you that corporations or  businesses create jobs. Even in the world of politics, that was a  particularly asinine statement. The last time I checked, you get a job  from going to work for a business--unless you start your own business.  You either start your own business or you go to work for another  business. That is what gives you jobs. We need to create that  environment.   In recent years, we have talked about corporate inversions, companies  fleeing America. Our friends on the Democratic side of the aisle have  all these ideas to punish the companies that flee America. Their  approach is: We are going to tax you so high that you can't do business  in this country, and then, when you try to survive, we are going to  punish you on top of that with fines and penalties. It is actually  reminiscent of their approach to ObamaCare, where they fine people who  can't afford insurance after driving premiums through the roof.   It is a much better idea to cut our corporate tax rate. Let's create  a tax and regulatory environment in America so that businesses want to  be here and create jobs. It is my hope that 3, 5, 10 years from now,  other countries--European countries and Asian countries--are  complaining about corporate inversions because their companies are  fleeing their countries and coming to American, because there is no  place on Earth better to do business than America, because we will have  honored our commitment on tax reform and cut taxes and created an  environment where businesses can thrive.   No. 5, encourage repatriation. Right now, Federal tax law subjects  American businesses to punitive double taxation at the highest rates in  the developed world if they bring capital back here from overseas. U.S.  companies have roughly $2.7 trillion in capital overseas, and our tax  system inextricably incentivizes them to keep the money overseas, which  means--what do they do with the money overseas? It means they build  factories in China, in Mexico, in India, and countries overseas that  aren't America, and then they hire people overseas. Why? Because if  they bring the capital back here and hire Americans, our tax punishes  them. That doesn't make any sense.    I want to see that $2.7 trillion come back to America. I want to see  that money back in this country. I want to see new factories, I want to  see new stores, I want to see new businesses, and I want to see new  jobs. We need to encourage repatriation, not put a punitive tax on the  money coming back. Do you want to talk about patriotism? There is a  reason it is called repatriation. It is patriotic to use that money to  hire Americans.   Our Democratic friends just want to yell and scream and insult them.  That is not the right answer. People are going to respond to rational  incentives. If you punish companies for bringing money back to America,  they are going to respond rationally by not doing that. Let's change  our tax system so we don't punish them for bringing jobs back to  America.   The sixth element, end the death tax. The death tax is one of the  most unfair aspects of the Federal tax system. The death tax also  happens to be the very favorite tax our friends on the Democratic side  of the aisle love to demagogue. I have heard over past weeks attack  after attack after attack on the death tax--that it is about the  superrich.   Here is a secret that the Democrats will never tell you. The  superrich don't pay the death tax. By and large, they manage to avoid  the tax with remarkable success rates. They hire armies of accountants  and lawyers. Do you think George Soros will pay the death tax? Hold  your breath, and let me know how that works out. It doesn't impact the  superrich.   The death tax actually generates very little revenue for the Federal  Government. Who gets hit by the death tax? It is the farmers, it is the  ranchers, and it is the small business owners. In the debate last week  with Bernie Sanders, Bernie said that this doesn't affect farmers at  all.   The Presiding Officer and I have both spoken with an awful lot of  farmers in Iowa and in Texas. I have heard farmer after farmer after  farmer lament the death tax because of what happens when the patriarch,  when the farmer, passes away and passes the farm on to the next  generation. Over and over again, the next generation is forced to sell  the farm just to pay Uncle Sam. They have already paid taxes once; they  pay taxes when they earn their money. The death tax says that for  having the temerity to die, we are going to tax you again at a punitive  rate. Death should not be a taxable event. That is not fair. It  shouldn't be the case that when you die, the two people you get to see  are the undertaker and the taxman.   We see farms that are sold, that are broken up; we see ranches that  are sold, that are broken up; we see small businesses that are sold,  that are broken up because the next generation that wants to run the  small business, wants to keep the jobs, suddenly has a massive Federal  tax bill. They don't have the fancy lawyers and accountants who, like  the superrich, help them avoid the tax. So they get hit with the full  force of the death tax.   If you care about jobs and economic growth, why do you want a small  business owner to be forced to sell the factory just to pay the tax  bill? This means the employees all get laid off; they lose their jobs.  It is much better to have those small businesses growing, to have those  farmers prospering, and to have those ranchers prospering.   The final element is that we need to end the alternative minimum tax.  The AMT is a totally second set of taxation. Every year, it is growing  the number of people who are hit by it, and it just adds complexity to  the code.   We should focus on growth, simplicity, and fairness. If we do that,  if we focus on bringing back jobs, we have the ability to have a  tremendous impact on our country.   Finally, I want to make a plea to the Members of our conference, to  the Republicans. We may get some Democrats to support us on tax reform.  It is possible. We may get one or two. Sadly, we are in a different  world than we used to be. In 1981 and 1986, Democrats actually used to  be willing to work with Republicans on taxes.   Tip O'Neill, a Democrat, was Speaker of the House when Reagan passed  massive tax cuts. Bill Bradley in this body, a liberal New Jersey  Democrat, helped lead the effort for tax reform. There are no Tip  O'Neills or Bill Bradleys left. There is not a single Democrat leading  the fight for tax reform--not a one.   You may get one or two Democrats at the end of the day who cast a  vote after everything is done because they are afraid of the electoral  consequences in November. But I will make a prediction right now that  if we don't have 50 votes on this side of the aisle, not a single  Democrat will provide the 50th vote. They might be the 52nd or 53rd  vote, but we ain't getting vote No. 50 from that side of the aisle,  which means that for tax reform to happen, our conference has to get  our act together. We have 52 Republicans, and we have to get 50 on the  same page.   Listen, we are at a time when we are seeing personality battles, and  we are seeing nastiness. This is a strange time in politics. Any three  Republicans can torpedo tax reform. I am making a plea to all 52: Don't  be selfish and petulant. Don't put personal animosities above the good  of the country.   We were elected by the voters to do a job. Let's do the job. Let's  honor the promises we made. Let's cut taxes, bring back jobs, bring  back economic growth, and demonstrate to the voters  [[Page S6792]]  there is a reason they elected Republican majorities.   If we don't, if we can't get our act together, then I fear the  consequences will be catastrophic, both as a policy matter and a  political matter.   I urge my colleagues: Let's do what we said we would do. Let's cut  taxes. Let's bring back jobs.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   