 Mr. President, I want to preface my remarks today by  asking that you convey to your wingman, Senator John McCain, our  colleague, our best wishes and our hope that he is on his way to a  speedy recovery and will be back here because we need him. We need his  wisdom.   I want to thank Tim Kaine for the leadership that he and Senator  Shaheen are showing to help us try to stabilize the marketplaces.  Senator Hassan and I have talked a lot about this.   What do we do now? I think this is an opportunity. This is an  opportunity here. I realize there is a fair amount of confusion as to  which path to take and which way to go. I hope we don't waste this  opportunity.   I sent a message to the new chairman of the National Governors  Association and to the new vice chairman of the National Governors  Association. Brian Sandoval from Nevada is the new chair and the  Governor from Nevada, previously the vice chair, and Steve Bullock from  Montana is the vice chair. One is a Republican, and the other is a  Democrat. I sent them a message this morning saying that it would be  good to hear from the Governors. They have been working on a bipartisan  letter--they have been working on it for a while--and this is really  the time it could make a positive impact.   We have three people sitting here--four of us--who used to be part of  the National Governors Association. I loved it, and I am sure Senator  Kaine, Senator Hassan, and Senator Shaheen loved it as well. Here is  what I suggested that the Governors may want to consider in their  message:   No. 1, urge us to hit the pause button. Hit the pause button. Let's  just stop in place for a moment.   No. 2, pivot soon--not in September, not in August, but now, like  this week, pivot to stabilizing the exchanges.   No. 3, return to regular order. Senator Kaine has already mentioned  this. When I talked with Senator McCain last week a couple of times  briefly, we both talked about the need for regular order. People have  good ideas on healthcare; introduce them. Committees with jurisdiction,  hold hearings. Witnesses, including Governors, should come before the  committees of jurisdiction--a couple of committees in the House and in  the Senate--and let's hear from the experts, and let's certainly hear  from the Governors, who have to run these Medicaid Programs and have a  lot of expertise in this area to offer us.   Then I would say, after the August recess, if we can actually do  something real in stabilizing the exchanges, what a confidence builder  that would be among us and, I think, around the country. It would be a  great confidence builder.   The other thing I would mention is that when we come back after the  August recess, don't just muck around and wonder what we are going to  do; we should pull together in a bipartisan way--something we talked  about doing a lot, but we don't often do it--to really do maybe a  couple of things.   Let's figure out what we need to fix in the Affordable Care Act.  Republicans believe that Democrats feel it is perfect and nothing  should be changed. Well, I don't feel that way. My guess is that most  of our Democrats don't, either. No bill I have ever worked on was  perfect. It can always be done better. The same is true with big  programs like Medicare and Social Security, veterans programs, and so  on. They can all be done better, and this is certainly the case as  well. Let's fix the parts of the ACA that need to be fixed, and let's  preserve the parts that ought to be preserved.   I would reiterate, speaking on behalf of some recovering Governors,  including me, the Governors need to be heavily involved in this. I  suspect that all of the former Governors who are on the floor with me  today, when we were part of the NGA, we weren't on the floor--actually,  I was on this floor any number of times because Governors had access to  the floor--but we had many opportunities, many invitations to testify  before Senate committees and House committees on a wide range of  [[Page S4035]]  issues. I think we brought value, and we need to hear from them today.   I want to go back and talk about how we go about stabilizing the  exchanges. The first thing that would help would be for the  administration to stop destabilizing them. That would be a big help.   Senator Kaine has led on legislation--and he has mentioned it, and I  want to drill down on it just a little bit--that would provide  reinsurance, much as we do in other ways in terms of the Medicare Part  D drug program. Using reinsurance is a very common tool, and we can use  it to help stabilize the exchanges.   How would it be used in our proposal? If this lady standing right in  front of me were getting healthcare and her healthcare needs were  expensive, under our reinsurance plan starting in 2018, 2019, 2020, the  first $50,000 in her healthcare that she used in year one, 2018, the  Federal Government--well, the insurance companies themselves actually  would be on the hook for the first $50,000 of care she got. Between  $50,000 and $500,000, under our proposal, the Federal Government would  pay for 80 percent of that cost--80 percent of that cost. Between  $50,000 and $500,000 would be on the Federal Government. Anything above  $500,000 would be back on the insurance company. That is what we would  do for the next 3 years.   Starting in 2021 and going forward, the first $100,000 would be on  the insurance company for the costs borne--created by an individual,  and then between $100,000 and $500,000, 80 percent of that would be on  the Federal Government, and after that, the rest of it is back again on  the insurance company to pay for.   That is our proposal. We have a bunch of cosponsors on it, and we  need some Republican cosponsors as well. It is not a Democratic idea.  It is not a Republican idea. It is just a good idea that deserves  bipartisan support.   Another thing we ought to do to stabilize the exchanges is what  Senator Shaheen has proposed; that is, we have these CSRs, cost-sharing  reductions. I think of them as subsidies to help subsidize people whose  income is under a certain level; I think it is 250 percent of poverty.  Folks who are in the exchanges getting healthcare coverage and whose  income is under 250 percent of poverty currently receive some subsidies  to help buy down and reduce the cost of their copays and their  deductibles. It is not really clear whether that is authorized. It is  not really clear whether that is being funded, but it has been done for  a number of years.   The current administration has been saying: Well, we don't know if we  are going to continue to do that.   There have been some States that want to go to court and say: You  can't do that.   We need to pass a law and say that we are going to have these cost- sharing reductions and that the subsidies will continue to be offered.   The last thing we need to do is to make clear that the individual  mandate or something as good as or at least as effective as the  individual mandate is going to be around. For the administration to  say: Well, we don't know if we are going to enforce the individual  mandate--it just encourages young, healthy people not to get coverage.   We have to make it clear that the individual mandate or something as  good as--it could be a proxy for it or maybe several things that work  together that could be as effective as the individual mandate. If they  don't work, maybe we could just have a default position that would be  the individual mandate again.   We ought to have hearings on these kinds of things and discuss them  and hear from all kinds of folks.   The other thing I want to mention is just that when I go around my  State, my Lord, I have never heard people so interested in encouraging  us. I think I am regarded in my State--along with Senator Coons and our  Congresswoman, Lisa Blunt Rochester--I think we are regarded as  bipartisan people. We are Democrats and proud to be Democrats. We would  like to work with Republicans, too, and I think that is part of being a  recovering Governor. But on this subject, on healthcare reform, going  forward, the people in my State don't want a Democratic victory. They  don't want a Republican victory. Frankly, they don't want a Trump  victory. They want a victory for our country. That is what they want.  They want a victory for our country. And so do I, and I think so do  most Democrats in this Chamber and most Republicans.   So let me say again, if I could make this suggestion, let's hit the  pause button. Let's stop in place for right now. Let's pivot and figure  out how we can stabilize the exchanges. Let's return to regular order.  Let's hold bipartisan hearings, have expert witnesses, including folks  from all walks of life who know about healthcare coverage, who know a  lot about healthcare. After the August recess, let's launch a real,  bipartisan effort to fix the things in the ACA that need to be fixed  and retain, preserve those aspects that should be retained. As I said  before, we need Governors at the table, not just recovering Governors.  We need Governors at the table and a bunch of other folks as well who  have a lot to contribute.   If we do those things, we will, in the words of--paraphrasing Mark  Twain--Mark Twain used to say: When in doubt, tell the truth. You will  confound your enemies and delight your friends. I think that is what he  used to say. In this case, I would just say, paraphrasing Mark Twain,  when in doubt, do what is right. When in doubt, do what is right. We  will confound our enemies and delight our friends.   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask the Senator to withdraw that suggestion, please.    Mr. President, good to see you and our friend from Utah.  I feel compelled to go back in time, if I could. This is a question a  lot of people ask me back home and around the country: Where did  ObamaCare come from? The part where most people think of ObamaCare is  when they think of the exchanges that have been established in all 50  States, where people who don't have healthcare can get coverage as part  of a large-group plan. That was an idea that came from RomneyCare.   In 2006 in Massachusetts, when Mitt Romney was the Governor and was  running for President, they came up with a really smart idea: Governor  Romney, you have a much better chance of being elected President if you  have done what no other Governor has done; that is, to cover everybody  in your State for healthcare.   Well, that is an interesting idea. They looked around for ideas, and  what did they come up with? They came up with an idea that was actually  suggested by the Heritage Foundation. The Heritage Foundation found its  way to this body in 1993 in legislation introduced by Republican  Senator John Chafee of Rhode Island that called for doing five things:   No. 1 was creating exchanges or marketplaces in every State, where  people who didn't have coverage could be part of a large group and get  coverage.   No. 2, folks who bought coverage on the exchange might be eligible  for a sliding-scale tax credit. Lower-income people would get a better  tax credit, reducing their premiums, than people whose income was  higher.   No. 3 was the idea of an individual mandate. People had to get  coverage. If they didn't, they would have to pay a fine. You can't  force people to get coverage, but in Massachusetts they said: Well, at  least we will fine them, and, eventually, maybe over time, the fine  will go up and most people--including young, healthy people--will elect  to get coverage and be part of a group that is actually insurable, as  opposed to people who are just sick or who are anxious to get an  operation or are needing to get an operation.   The fourth principle, which was the idea underlying the Chafee  legislation, which would later become RomneyCare, was the idea that  employers of a certain magnitude, or with a certain number of  employees, had to cover their employees.   The fifth principle in that original idea was brought to us from the  Heritage Foundation, by 23 Republican Senators in 1993--as an  alternative, by the way, to HillaryCare--and later became RomneyCare.  The fifth principle was the idea that if you are an insurance company  and you want to deny coverage to people because they have a preexisting  condition, you cannot do that.   That was it. When a number of us in this body worked on the  Affordable Care Act, we took the Heritage Foundation idea, the idea  from those 23 Republican Senators who introduced it, cosponsored it-- including Senator Hatch, including Senator Grassley. Some of the folks  who are complaining the most about ObamaCare or the exchanges are the  people who supported the original legislation introducing the idea. I  don't know if that seems ironic to other people. It certainly does to  me.   I spent part of Saturday--invited up to Providence, RI, to do  something I used to do for 8 years--meeting with the National Governors  Association. For 8 years, as Governor of Delaware, I was privileged to  be a part of the National Governors Association, at one time vice chair  and later on as the chairman of the group. They invited me to come back  and talk about healthcare, healthcare reform, and what was going on  here in the Senate. I was happy to do that, and we made it work on my  schedule.   There, to speak on behalf of the administration, was the Vice  President of the country, the Secretary of Health and Human Services,  the OMB Director, and the Administrator of the Center for Medicare and  Medicaid Services, explaining to the Governors why they should support  the administration's position and why they should support the  Republican position here in the Senate.   Today the Republicans sent out a strong letter--not just Republicans.  Republican Governors and Democratic Governors sent out a joint letter,  a bipartisan letter, saying to us, basically: Do these things.   Their advice to us was this: Hit the pause button; stop what we are  doing. No. 2, pivot and stabilize. Stop destabilizing the exchanges.   This administration is trying to destabilize the exchanges, which  were a Republican idea, and I think, actually, a good idea. But the  administration has sought to destabilize the exchanges, through a  variety of tricks that they are pulling.   The third thing we should do is to stabilize the exchanges. It is not  all that hard. Make it clear that the individual mandate, or something  very much like the individual mandate, is going to continue to be the  law of the land so that we end up with young, healthy people in the  exchanges and not just a lot of sick people and older people.   No. 2 is reinsurance. One of the keys to the success of Medicaid Part  D, the drug insurance program for folks on Medicare, is reinsurance. A  number of us, led by Senator Tim Kaine and myself and others, said: Why  don't we take that tried-and-true idea and use it to help stabilize the  exchanges? I spoke here earlier today on how that would actually work.  It is not a Democratic or a Republican idea. It is just a good idea.   The third thing we need to do to stabilize the exchanges--an idea  actually suggested by a number of Senators, including Senator Jeanne  Shaheen of New Hampshire--is to say that we are going to continue to  fund and authorize something called CSRs, or cost-sharing reductions,  which actually reduce the copays and the deductibles for lower income  people who buy their coverage in the exchanges.  [[Page S4040]]    Those three things, we are told by health insurance companies, would  reduce the cost of premiums in all the States by anywhere from 25  percent to 35 percent. It would stabilize the exchanges, and it would  get other insurance companies to say: I don't know if I want to insure  in Ohio, Delaware, or Utah. Insurance companies would say: Well, I  think I can offer insurance products there and not lose my shirt. Then,  they would get back into the exchange. They would offer coverage. Then,  when more than one or two offer coverage, guess what happens. You have  competition. And do you know what flows from competition? Better  diversity of products to choose from and lower costs.   Those are three things we can do to stabilize the exchanges and,  frankly, they are not all that hard.   The fourth thing the Governors suggested we do is, basically, regular  order. Around here, regular order means that if people have a good  idea, they introduce it. We turn it in up here at the front desk, and  the legislative idea goes to the committee of jurisdiction. There is a  discussion of whether there should be hearings about that particular  bill. If it is a good bill, there may well be hearings. You have  sponsors. It could be bipartisan. But, eventually, the idea will have a  hearing in committee, and those who like that idea or those who don't  like that idea show up in daylight, in the light of day, and say: Here  is why I like it; here is why I don't like it. They let their voices be  heard.   On issues as important as healthcare, why we are not fully involving  the Governors is beyond me. I just don't get it. Who runs the Medicaid  Programs? The Governors in their States. That is a big part of what we  are debating in this battle.   I will close with this. I said it before earlier today, and I want to  say it again. As I travel around Delaware, talking to people in my  little State--we have a lot of Democrats, we have a lot of Republicans,  and we have a lot of Independents--they speak to me with one voice, and  here is what they say: Work together. Solve some problems together.  Democrats and Republicans, take off your hats and work together. That  is what they want us to do.   It is not just Delaware. A Kaiser Permanente national survey released  last week said 71 percent of the people in this country surveyed said  we ought to work together and get this done.   If we are smart, before we leave for the August recess, we will  stabilize the exchanges with the three things I talked about. The  administration just needs to stand down and just be quiet on this  point. If they don't like this Republican idea of the exchanges, just  be quiet. But we come back here in September, and we go to work, with  regular order, hearings--bipartisan hearings--bipartisan roundtables,  and the chance for us to debate legislation in committees in the House  and in the Senate, and on this floor, and to debate amendments. That is  the way we ought to do this.   Anytime in this country when we have done really big things--Social  Security comes to mind, the GI bill comes to mind, and the 1986 tax  reform comes to mind--we didn't do it with just Democratic votes or  Republican votes. We did it together. If we do that, we will be  stronger together.   I will close with an old African proverb. It goes something like  this: If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go  together.   We need to go far. If we do, we and the American people will get a  lot further along toward the three things we have sought ever since  Harry Truman was President: No. 1, cover everybody; No. 2, quality  healthcare; and No. 3, affordable price. That is the ``holy grail,''  and we should strive to get there together.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   