 Mr. President, I will be brief. I think the Senator from  Oklahoma is going to go into some additional details, and the Senator  from Wyoming did a great job of summarizing some of the positive  results that have come from our actions. I want to refer to his  resolutions of disapproval for regulations that we feel were an  overreach.   When we went through the 14 votes--we actually had 15, but we were  not able to succeed in 1 last regulation of disapproval yesterday-- there were arguments put forth against our disapproving these  regulations. It was as if we were completely deregulating the subject  matter area that we were focused on, but that was not the case. What we  were trying to do is eliminate the duplication and the costs associated  with layering regulations on top of regulations.   We have a lot of discussion around here about tax reform, and we need  to do that, but if we look at the regulatory burden on businesses and  homeowners and State and local governments, there is a smart, right- size way to implement regulations, and there is a costly, complex,  wrong way to implement regulations.   So I am proud we were able to get 14 resolutions of disapproval  completed. I think they were regulations that were not necessary. They  are obviously areas that if Congress ever needed to act, we could go  back and implement regulations, if necessary.   What we ended up doing through this action over the past couple of  months with the administration is reduce regulatory burdens by $67  billion, and we have eliminated some 56 million paperwork hours. We are  eliminating, we are cutting redtape, and that is a good thing.   I appreciate all the Members who worked hard on getting this  together. I particularly appreciate my staff--Bill Bode and Torie Ness  in particular--who worked hard with the other Senate offices to see  what kind of support we could get for moving these regulatory  disapprovals forward. I thank my fellow Members and the administration  for working with us to fulfill our promise, which is to right-size  government and get our economy going again.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.   