 Mr. President, today the Senate will confirm the  nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be the Secretary of the Treasury. It is  a nomination I simply cannot support.   The Treasury Department plays an essential role in the development of  the economic policies that financially secure the United States in  world markets, that expand the opportunities available to all  Americans, and that help set the stage for a sound and growing economy.  Our country's economic engine must be one that is accessible to all  Americans, not just the wealthy few. Regrettably, while Mr. Mnuchin may  have a knowledge of the inner workings of Wall Street, he seems to know  shockingly little of the hardships faced on Main Street. One need look  no further than his role during the height of the housing crisis in  foreclosing on tens of thousands of American families. Reducing these  actions to mere administrative matters belies the true struggles of  those who don't boast the personal coffers Mr. Mnuchin enjoys. I simply  cannot accept his explanation of his role in these actions.   We cannot forget the devastation and hardship that the recent  financial crisis brought upon our country, its people, its  neighborhoods, its small businesses, and its communities. People lost  their homes and their jobs, and our markets crashed. Many have still  have not recovered from those losses. As Congress worked to find the  answers, it became clear that many large investment banks and insurance  companies hid the insecurity of their finances from stockholders and  from the American people. While many people lost their life savings,  corporate executives received outrageous severance packages. As the  country lurched into a financial downward spiral, Mr. Mnuchin's  company, One West, administered aggressive foreclosure tactics that  added to the devastation of these families, including veterans. It was  wrong. Mr. Mnuchin, in his testimony before the Senate Finance  Committee, may have tried to convince the American people that his was  an innocent role in the crisis. But given that he could not provide a  valid reason for failing to disclose that he was the director of an  offshore account worth more than $100 million, domiciled offshore in  the Cayman Islands, I just cannot buy what he is selling--and neither  can Vermonters.   In 2010, Congress worked hard to pass the Dodd-Frank Wall Street  Reform and Consumer Protection Act. This legislation included a number  of financial reforms to change the way financial institutions and banks  take on risk, while adding protections for customers of these  institutions, and creating a new regulatory council in order to provide  more effective oversight of the industry. President Trump has indicated  that he will seek to roll back Dodd-Frank regulations, and Mr. Mnuchin  reinforced this pledge in front of the Finance Committee. Since its  inception in 2011, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPBP, has  received and sent to companies for review upward of 700,000 complaints  from consumers across the country, ranging from abuses in debt  collection and credit reporting, to student loans. I worry about the  future of the CFPB under President Trump's administration. Its value  and importance in protecting Americans from predatory practices, like  those of OneWest, cannot be overstated. I cannot support a Secretary  who would unravel the reforms we worked hard to enact and that protect  the American people from the devastation of runaway corporate greed.   For the last 8 years, we have focused with considerable success on  rebuilding our economy. The unemployment rate is lower than it was  before the financial crisis. Small businesses are growing. It is  imperative that we continue to make economic progress and that we find  additional ways to help those who have been left behind, without  returning to the destructive policies that brought about the crisis in  the first place. I am not convinced that Mr. Mnuchin is the right  nominee to lead the Treasury Department and to continue this forward  progress.    Mr. President, as the Senate has spent the last few weeks  considering controversial nominee after controversial nominee, it is a  refreshing break to consider Dr. David Shulkin to lead the Department  of Veterans Affairs. Dr. Shulkin is a man defined by his  professionalism, competence, and dedication to the mission of the  agency he is tapped to lead.   The son of an Army psychologist and an experienced hospital system  administrator, Dr. Shulkin was selected by President Obama to restore  trust and confidence at the Veterans Health Administration after years  of struggles punctuated by the horrible scandal of wait times in  Phoenix. Under his leadership, the VA has made great progress. Amid a  sea of questionable Cabinet nominations, Dr. Shulkin is one about which  I have no question.   Of course, Dr. Shulkin will face immense challenges. The VA needs  significant overhaul, not just in its practices and policies, but in  its facilities and technology. In eliminating the backlog for access to  health care and in the midst of tackling the backlog in claims,  facilities have been short-changed with respect to needed improvements  and upgrades, while experiencing increased usage. New technologies  provide new opportunities for providing care, but they also require new  investments.   Areas that are finally receiving the attention required include  mental health, posttraumatic stress, and other lingering invisible  wounds of war. It has been one of my priorities to ensure that the best  science and practices with respect to mental health and posttraumatic  stress can be spread to the communities where veterans live and work,  like the rural communities of Vermont. Only then will we see progress  in improving the lives of veterans in those areas.   Dr. Shulkin must also rebuild the confidence of a VA workforce that  has been unfairly targeted and vilified by some for the actions of a  few. The Federal employees who work at the VA are among the most  dedicated anywhere. Their devotion to improving care for veterans is  inspiring, but their jobs have been made more difficult by both the  disappointing actions of some individuals and the frustrating policies  and organizational structures that sometimes get in the way of them  serving veterans.   I believe that Dr. Shulkin is up to this challenge. It is evident  from his testimony before the Veterans Affairs Committee and through  his public statements that he believes in the VA and in the importance  of its mission. It is evident that he understands the value of looking  to the community for health care answers when that makes sense and that  he also understands that the Nation should never ignore its solemn  responsibility to care for veterans through all possible avenues. I am  also reassured by his pledge not to dismantle the VA or turn its  delivery of care into a voucher system. It is evident that he intends  to speak his mind about what makes the most sense for leading a missive  health care system focused on providing quality care to each individual  veteran.   I will support Dr. Shulkin's nomination, and I look forward to  working with him.   