 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi) for the exemplary act of civility in allowing me and another  late-arriving colleague to be part of the freshman class presentation  about our collective commitment to promoting and practicing civility  both within our class and within the Congress of the United States as  long as we are here.   It is a great honor to be part of the freshman class of the 115th  Congress. I am thrilled to make this commitment to civility--and even  friendship--across the aisle with whatever Republican colleagues are  willing to hang out with a liberal constitutional law professor.   Despite my great passions as a liberal and a progressive, I dedicate  myself to civility for three reasons, and I think they are all  consistent with my political values and beliefs:    First, I am a middle child, and so it is in my nature to try to bring  people together. If you study the theory of birth order advanced by  Frank Sulloway in his great book ``Born to Rebel,'' you will find an  exemplary middle child in Reverend Martin Luther King who believed in  the power of love for reconciling different views in society, and you  will find a theory of the effectiveness of nonviolent struggle for  progress and change, a theory that doesn't try to wish away or blink  away real conflict that people have but embraces conflict as the  possibility for uplifting everyone in the process.   Second, I am from the great State of Maryland, one of the original  middle States tucked between New England and the South. In Maryland, we  have a habit of working across party lines for the common good. Many of  the big bills that I introduced in the Maryland Senate I introduced  with Republican friends, like my friend Senator David Brinkley. We did  the medical marijuana program together. He is a fellow cancer survivor  and felt very strongly about that.   I did a number of criminal justice reform measures, including  abolishing mandatory minimum drug sentences, with a Republican  colleague named Michael Hough in Frederick County, who lives within my  congressional district.   I even introduced a bill which succeeded for fiscal transparency in  government, putting up all government expenditures over $10,000 online  within 48 hours, with Congressman Alex Mooney from West Virginia,  although then he was a State senator in Maryland who served with me in  Annapolis.   Third, as a law professor, I believe that all of our ideas, passions,  and feelings about politics are refined, perfected, and improved  through the process of political dialogue, testing, and questioning.   So I know that our Republican colleagues make us stronger on the  Democratic side of the aisle, and I hope that we make them stronger,  too, that we all grow together and that we are able to improve each  other's ideas, change each other's minds sometimes, and work on issues  of common concern like infrastructure, which I think is a pressing  problem that we can gather consensus around in this body, like the  environment and the perils of climate change.   Our greatest Presidents have always called us to civility. George  Washington invited Americans to place our patriotic love of liberty  first above partisan and sectional feeling. Thomas Jefferson said that  we are all Republicans, we are all federalists at a time of great  division in the country. In his first inaugural address, President  Lincoln said: ``We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be  enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds  of affection.''   So the bonds of affection might seem like a romantic dream given the  divisions and polarization in the country today, but I do think that,  if at least we start with civility and respect, maybe we will be able  to attain the level of recovering the bonds of affection that should  unify all of us as Americans.   The word ``party'' comes from the French word ``partie,'' a part, and  we have got to remember--each of us, all of us--that our party is just  one small part of the whole, and we are all here to try to advance the  common good.   With that, again, I want to thank the Congressman for his very  gracious offer of the time.   