 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Midnight Rules Relief Act.   Recently, impossible opportunities exist for this body to reassert  its authority and work on behalf of the American people. The Midnight  Rules Relief Act would provide Congress with an important tool to begin  the process of dismantling the onerous regulatory burdens imposed over  the past 8 years.   As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial  and Antitrust Law, I have dedicated considerable time over the past 2  years to closely monitoring the growth of the administrative state. The  estimated regulatory costs across all years of the Obama administration  are staggering. However, the regulatory onslaught in its final year  alone--disastrous--shows the damage already done and the greater impact  that will fall on our economy.   In 2016, 401 regulations were finalized. The total compliance cost  for this period exceeds $164 billion and amounts to nearly 121 million  paperwork hours. That is 401 regulations and $164 billion. This is only  during the final year of the Obama administration. It is no wonder that  the American people sought a new, more promising direction for our  country.   Finally, the Congress has an opportunity to act to protect the  American people and repeal many of these crushing regulations. For us  in Congress, we cannot forget what these numbers represent. For my  constituents and for Americans across the country, the billions in  dollars of costs imposed on the economy represent jobs lost, routine  bills that cannot be paid, and the American Dream slipping from their  grasp.   The true story of this regulatory onslaught is told by workers at  shuttered stores, factories, and power plants across the country. Their  concerns and fears are ours. As this current administration exits, we  must remain vigilant to last-ditch efforts at crippling our economy.   On top of those in recent months, a number of new regulations may  still be finalized in a hurried, nontransparent fashion. The American  people are concerned that our current regulatory process ignores the  balancing of costs and benefits and the regulatory impact on their  lives. From what we have seen over the past 8 years, it is clear that  they should be.   Starting this week, Congress has an opportunity to reassert its  constitutional authority and act for all Americans. The Midnight Rules  Relief Act is a well-advised measure that gives Congress the ability to  quickly examine and eliminate the mass of regulations promulgated in  recent months. This has been done by both Republican and Democrat  administrations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   