 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Dent and the ranking  member for their hard work on behalf of the 63,000 veterans in my  district, as well as servicemembers and veterans from all across the  country.   I am also grateful for the support of Congressman Shuster in offering  this amendment, an amendment which would simply prohibit any funds made  available in this division from being used to propose, plan for, or  execute a new or additional round of base realignment and closure, or  BRAC.   Mr. Chairman, I am honored to represent the Fourth Congressional  District of Texas, which is home to the Red River Army Depot. The Depot  has supported the warfighter since 1941. Although the Depot community  has weathered a lot of changes over the years, their commitment to  mission has always remained the same. On the placards inside each  vehicle there are the words: ``We build it as if our lives depend on  it. Theirs do.''   The Red River Army Depot is a vital job creator for northeast Texas  and my district, and it is a critical component to our national  defense. And as we continue our constitutional obligation to  appropriate money, we have to be careful stewards of taxpayer dollars,  and focus our limited resources on addressing the critical national  security objectives and military readiness.   Having another round of BRAC, Mr. Chairman, won't help us achieve  this goal. According to the Government Accountability Office, the last  round of BRAC in 2005 actually cost the American taxpayers $35.1  billion, which is 67 percent more than the original cost estimate. At  the same time, the expected savings from the last round of BRAC have  been reduced by 73 percent.   Starting another BRAC would weaken our capabilities, and it would  increase our vulnerability in the face of critical threats that face  this Nation right now.   I thank my colleagues who have supported this important amendment for  the past 2 years, and I look forward to having this amendment included  in this year's Military Construction and VA Appropriations bill.    I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for accepting the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   