 Mr. Speaker, I come from a place called Wisconsin.  Besides having the world's best cheese and football franchise, we are  known for being good neighbors. You may have heard of the phrase  ``Wisconsin nice.'' Well, that is a real thing, as any Bears or Lions  or Vikings fans who have come to Lambeau Field and been greeted, not  with jeers, but with a, welcome, it is good to have you have found out.   The disparity between how we do business in Wisconsin and how  business gets done or doesn't in Washington, D.C., couldn't be wider.  Well, I am of the humble opinion that the world needs more of what we  do in Wisconsin and less of how Washington, D.C., traditionally  operates.   At a time when politics seems more deeply divided than ever, further  debased by an endless media cycle that rewards vitriol and scandal, at  a time when faith in our basic institutions is diminishing, I think the  overwhelming majority of the American people are looking for something  better. They sent us here to fight for our ideas, not to demonize the  other side in a cynical attempt to get on TV or fundraise. The American  people voted against the politics of the past, which only seeks to  divide us and stir up controversy.   We can do better. We must do better. That is why I salute all of my  colleagues for joining in this effort. I believe we, the freshmen  Members of the 115th Congress, can be different. I believe that,  through working together, we can break through the politics of the past  and offer something better for the American people. I believe we can  prove there is still room for civil, serious discourse in our political  system.   Now, a commitment to civility doesn't mean we are going to agree on  everything. I suspect there will be legitimate battles ahead, but let  it be a battle of ideas not political theater. I intend to come armed  to that fight with all the weapons I have at my disposal, foremost  among them, my fervent belief in my conservative ideas. And I don't  expect to convert my Democratic friends, but I expect them to come  armed with their ideas, and I intend to listen. In that process of  serious debate, maybe--just maybe--we will learn something from one  another and find ways to fix our Nation's problems together.   Imagine if we were able to do that. Well, I am looking forward to  trying.   