 Mr. President, first let me lend my support to efforts to  bring amendments before the floor later today or later this week with  respect to strengthening our Nation's ``Buy American'' laws. This has  been a cause that I have been working on for almost my entire career in  the U.S. Congress, and it is about time we start making sure that when  we are spending billions of dollars for the U.S. military, we  prioritize American companies so that we don't allow for those dollars  to flow overseas when we have companies in Connecticut, North Carolina,  and Illinois that can do the work. This is important, and I hope we  take some votes on these measures that I think will draw bipartisan  support either this week or next.   I do rise, though, to lend my voice, as well, to the amendment being  offered by Senator Paul. Let me stipulate that this is an extraordinary  amendment to sunset an authorization of military force that currently  provides the legal authorization for our continuing military efforts to  take out al-Qaida as they try to plan attacks against the United States  and our allies. It is time for extraordinary measures because we have  simply not done our constitutional duty in declaring and authorizing  war.   I would argue, as many of my colleagues do, that no matter how  necessary it is for the United States to take the fight to ISIS, as we  have in Iraq and Syria and other places around the world, that is not  currently authorized by the U.S. Congress, and it is a fairly  extraordinary leap of statutory interpretation to think that an  authorization to attack al-Qaida, the perpetrators of the attacks on 9/ 11, allows you then to conduct a global war with almost no limits  against this new enemy.   To me, if we don't reauthorize military action against ISIS, perhaps  against other foes that we confront, then I am not sure the Congress  will ever again authorize war. Why? It is a lot harder to authorize  military action today than it was a century ago or 50 years ago. We  aren't marching conventional armies across a field against one another.  We aren't signing neat peace treaties that provide a clear end to  hostilities. The enemy is shadowy and diffuse and perpetual, and  victory now is harder to define than ever before. It is very easy for  the U.S. Congress to just step back and say that authorizing military  force is too hard. It is too difficult, so we outsource it to the  executive branch to decide who we fight, where we fight, when we fight,  and how we fight. That is not what the Founding Fathers imagined, and,  in fact, there is very good reason to vest in the Congress the sole  authority to declare war. If I thought that we were going to do this  without the sunsetting of the existing AUMFs, then I wouldn't support  this extraordinary measure. I have been here long enough to know that  it is far too easy and convenient for this Congress to allow for an  Executive, whether it be a Republican or Democratic Executive, to  define the parameters of war and to name new enemies who have not been  before this body for debate.    So I think it is time for us to sunset these authorizations, and I do  think that with that pressure, we will be able to come up with a new  authorization that gives our military and our Executive what they need  in order to continue the fight against groups like ISIS, while  protecting the interests of our constituents, who, frankly, by and  large, no matter what State they are from, do not want the President of  the United States--this or any other--to have an unchecked ability to  bring the fight to anyone, anywhere around the globe.   I will just state, take a look at the way in which the President  suggested he was authorized to take action against the Assad regime as  evidence of how unending the current interpretation can be. The  justification for that action was because it was next to action being  taken against ISIS, which was authorized because ISIS has some familial  relationship to al-Qaida. That is three or four steps removed from any  debate this body has ever had. That is not what the Founding Fathers  intended.   I am going to support Senator Paul's amendment. I will then  vigorously work with my colleagues to try to craft an authorization  that gets the job done. It is about time.   I yield the floor.   