 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for  yielding and for her leadership on this issue dealing with veterans.   I also want to thank my friend from Montana for his leadership in  support of veterans across the Nation.   Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise to present H.R. 1208, which will rename  the post office facility in my district as the Converse Veterans Post  Office Building.   Across my district, I have fine men and women of all walks of life  that have honorably served our country. It is critical that we honor  their service and their dedication to our Nation.   Converse alone is home to over 3,000 veterans, according to the U.S.  Census Bureau. Dedicating this post office to our veterans will serve  as an enduring reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, our  neighbors, our families have made while serving their country. These  individuals put country ahead of self, and I am proud to recognize them  with the dedicating of this post office facility.   Today, I want to acknowledge one sacrifice from one individual; that  is an individual from Converse, Texas, a veteran by the name of Quintin  E. Cain. Mr. Cain served 23 years in the Army as a medic, where he  would receive numerous medals and recognitions.   After being honorably discharged, he continued to serve the country,  his country, by using the medical training that he had to train combat  medic students as a civilian. We owe our freedom to veterans such as  Mr. Cain, which is why I am recognizing him and, of course, the other  veterans, by dedicating this post office. He is just one example of  many veterans who have made countless sacrifices for their country in  the face of danger.   The bravery and the commitment of our veterans to our Nation  demonstrates what it really means to be an American, the essence of  being an American.   I would also like to take a moment to thank the veterans  organizations throughout my district for their tireless work in  providing care to our veterans when they need it. There are good men  and women who work hard and provide that care to our veterans. Let us  remember and express gratitude to these courageous people, the  veterans, their families, as well as their care providers.   In the words of President John F. Kennedy, when he said, ``A nation  reveals itself not only by the men it produces, but also by the men it  honors and the men it remembers''--and I would like to add, and women  also--correct President John F. Kennedy.   This bill allows us to show our appreciation for the veterans, the  men and women of Converse, Texas, and across the Nation, and make sure  that their service and sacrifice to our country is not forgotten.   