 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from the  Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises  for yielding to me and, also, thank Chairman Hensarling for his work.   Today, I am proud to speak in support of the Helping Angels Lead Our  Startups, or HALOS Act. I would also thank Chairman Chabot and  Congressman Sinema for putting forth this important bipartisan  legislation, and I am a proud cosponsor.   I am fortunate enough to regularly hear from innovators across  Illinois and through my work on the House Science, Space, and  Technology Committee. These are the people who harness technology to  accomplish the impossible, whether that is making life-changing medical  breakthroughs or just finding a better way to do everyday tasks.   As we all know, startups are the job creators that drive our economy  by creating new jobs that can get our constituents back to work.   Angel investors play a key role in the earliest stages of these  startups. They provide the initial rounds of funding to help these  life-changing ideas get off the ground. We shouldn't have unnecessary  barriers in place for our innovators to have access to the capital they  need to grow.   The situation we currently find ourselves facing is frustrating for  startups and potential investors. There is some regulatory uncertainty  from implementation of the JOBS Act. In short, Regulation D may imply a  demo day is a general solicitation, which would require companies to  identify if investors meet the definition of accredited.   If demo days are treated as general solicitations, startups and  investors are required to comply with burdensome, third-party  verification rules. However, the purpose of these demo days is not to  seek investors. It simply is to promote good ideas. No solicitations or  sales of securities take place. This confusion may prevent any  conversation--even a very informal one--between angel investors and  startups from happening. This can be easily clarified by the  legislation under consideration today.   As I mentioned, startup companies frequently participate in demo days  to increase the visibility of their company, explain their ideas, and  hope to informally attract investors. These demo days are sponsored by  a variety of organizations interested in promoting innovation and job  creation. For example, the University of Illinois' Research Park told  me that this bill would make things like the Cozad New Venture  Competition, Urbana-Champaign Angel Network or UCAN angel  presentations, the Share the Vision technology showcase, pitch practice  at EnterpriseWorks, and other public forums for startups in Illinois  problematic. They want to encourage showcases of startups without fear  of these programs constituting a formal fundraising solicitation to  report to the SEC.   The bill simply clarifies SEC regulations to ensure startups may  participate in educational demo days without having to verify that  attendees are accredited investors. That is a commonsense, technical  fix, and it is no surprise that we had such a strong bipartisan vote of  approval in the House last Congress.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support this job-creating  legislation.   