 Mr. President, many, many thanks to the leader for his  kind remarks.   The final bill was negotiated by the big four--the two leaders in the  Senate and the two leaders in the House. It was not going to happen  this way unless the leaders all agreed, so my profound thanks on behalf  of the explorers and the adventurers of the United States--the ``can  do'' little agency, NASA, that is now on its way to Mars.   On behalf of all of the NASA family, I thank the leaders and  especially the Democratic leader. A personal thanks for his very kind  comments.   Mr. President, we have approached the NASA bill in a bipartisan way.  As a matter of fact, I give great credit to both the chairs and the  ranking members on the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee,  as well as on the subcommittee on appropriations in the House that  handles NASA appropriations. All of those leaders were absolutely key.   Of course, the same thing is true here in the Senate. As the ranking  member, I have the privilege of sharing the leadership with our  chairman, John Thune, on the Commerce, Science, and Transportation  Committee. It is that subcommittee's chairman and ranking member, as  well as the chairman and ranking member from the subcommittee on the  Appropriations Committee, from whom we will hear momentarily--to all of  them, I am very grateful.   What it says is that NASA--America's civilian space program--should  not be a partisan subject. What it says is that the leaders of NASA  should not be partisans. As a matter of fact, they should even be more  than bipartisans--they should be nonpartisans. That has been the  tradition of NASA's, so like that of the Secretary of Defense. One  considers that appointment to be a nonpartisan. So, too, we consider  the Administrator of NASA to be a nonpartisan. I think, in this  interim, with the Acting Administrator of NASA, that they are  conducting themselves in a very significant way in keeping all of the  advancements that they have done but that are now to be accelerated  with this appropriations bill.   I congratulate the whole NASA team. It has been my argument to the  Vice President and to the President that in the selection of the next  leader of NASA, they need to do it in a nonpartisan way so that we can  keep going for this human mission that is going to the planet Mars in  the decade of the 2030s.   With the increase in NASA funding, we now stand on the precipice of a  new golden age of exploration and discovery. In March of this year,  several of us were at the White House when the President signed the  NASA authorization bill. What we have worked on for the better part of  2 years keeps NASA on a steady course, with a balanced and ambitious  mix of science, technology, and exploration initiatives. Let's not  forget that the first ``A'' in ``NASA'' is ``aeronautics.'' It keeps  all of that moving forward.   This additional $368 million of funding for NASA gives that little  agency the ability to build off of the momentum that is already there.  For example, in the White House, the Vice President--and I have  commended him both privately and publicly--is bringing about the  reestablishment of the National Space Council. I shared with him that  all of us look forward to working with him and the Council to develop  and carry out the ambitious civil, commercial, and national security  space agenda for this country.   The $19.65 billion appropriation for NASA, coupled with the NASA  authorization bill that we already passed a month or two ago,  demonstrates our firm commitment to one day putting humans on Mars and  permanently expanding our civilization out into the cosmos. We will  soon have a regular cadence of missions that will be launching into  deep space using the Space Launch System--the largest rocket ever, a  third more powerful than the Saturn V rocket that took us to the Moon.  Its spacecraft--the Orion--and other systems will be assembled and  launched, and a lot of that is being done at Florida's Space Coast. The  first rockets and spacecraft that will start the journey are being  assembled right now at various sites across the country. Right now, the  Space Launch System--the SLS rocket, the Orion spacecraft that sits on  top of it--and the launch infrastructure at Cape Canaveral or, more  specifically, the Kennedy Space Center, are all in the most challenging  stages of their development.   These complex systems are all very intertwined, and it is vital that  we make sure that NASA has the funding flexibility that it needs to  address issues as they come up so that they can bring these systems  together for the launch in early 2019 of the largest rocket ever.   We have asked NASA to look for new ways to expand commercial space  activities in Earth's orbit, and we are providing NASA with the tools  and the direction it needs to expand our commercial space activity. We  are right on track to begin launching astronauts to the International  Space Station on American rockets, commercially made, and that is going  to start next year.   People do not realize--they thought the space shuttle was being shut  down in 2011. They thought that was the end of the space program. No.  No. All of this is being developed aside from the robotic missions that  there have been with the rovers on Mars and all of the pictures of the  cosmos. I mean, it is just unbelievable. Next year we are going to  replace the Hubble Space Telescope, which has peered back into the  beginning of time. We are going to look back almost to the beginning of  time with the James Webb Space Telescope.   All of this is strengthening a flourishing U.S. space industry,  especially in the areas in which NASA centers are located around the  country. What is happening at the Kennedy Space Center is that it is  being transformed into a commercial as well as a government spaceport-- into a busy civil, military, and commercial spaceport.   This appropriations budget allows us to continue all of this going on  at the same time. We are going to put up gee-whiz things like the Wide  Field Infrared Survey Telescope, as well as additional Mars rovers. The  rovers that are up there show that Mars, at one point, was warm and  wet. We are going to find out whether there was life there. If there  were, was it developed? If there were, was it civilized? If there were,  what happened? These are lingering questions as we peer up into the  night sky. The funding included in this budget deal moves us ever  closer to answering that burning question: Are we alone in the  universe? This budget helps us better understand our own planet by  funding NASA's Earth Science Program, as well as funding aeronautics  and education programs for our youth.   The investments that we as a country make in our space program pay  immediate dividends to our quality of life  [[Page S2744]]  right here on Earth. Of course, the space program creates thousands and  thousands of jobs for skilled workers to build machines that help us  explore the heavens and jobs for the researchers to understand and  interpret what we discover and jobs for the engineers and the  entrepreneurs to develop new technologies. These public investments  also stimulate complementary investments of private capital and the  thousands of jobs that follow from that, and those are companies that  will partner with NASA.   Again, I thank our colleagues in both the House and the Senate for  their continued support of our space program. In this time when we find  ourselves far too divided in our politics, the exploration of space  continues to be a powerful force that brings us together into our  search as we explore the universe.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   