 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Today, in the Congress, too many Republicans and Democrats are  obsessed with health insurance, often at the expense of the reforms  that could reduce the cost of healthcare. If we cut the cost of  healthcare, we make solutions far more attainable for affordable  coverage.   I support this tort reform legislation because it will make  healthcare in America more accessible and less expensive.   Defensive medicine costs Americans over $50 billion. Commonsense  reform will eliminate these costs, help patients afford healthcare, all  while reducing the Federal deficit.   It is no surprise that defensive medicine costs so much. One survey  recently reported that 93 percent of doctors practice defensive  medicine due to a broken tort system.   It is outrageous that we force doctors to subject patients to costly,  unnecessary, and occasionally harmful tests just to avoid frivolous  lawsuits.   Let's go back to performing medical tests when needed for the  patient, not to simply avoid exposure in litigation for insurance  companies. This will lower healthcare costs.   The New England Journal of Medicine found that 1 in every 14 doctors  gets sued each year. An earlier Harvard study revealed that 40 percent  of these malpractice suits were groundless, yet over a quarter of these  frivolous cases are settled, and the average payout was $300,000.   Groundless cases overburden our legal system, making it harder for  people with legitimate grievances to have their day in court.   Frivolous claims drive up the cost of insurance for all healthcare  providers, driving many physicians away from the healthcare profession.  We need more doctors and hospitals, not less. Without reform, we get  higher costs, fewer doctors, a larger Federal deficit, and worse  healthcare outcomes.   Let's pass this bill and start delivering on more accessible  healthcare for the American people.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, the motion to recommit is ambiguous, as there  is no legal standard currently for that which constitutes gross  negligence in the area of prescriptions.   Already this legislation does not apply to circumstances in which  there is criminal conduct. That means that bad doctors with bad intent  will be prosecuted, and in every State in America, there are legal  standards by which those very doctors would lose their license were  they to engage in the conduct that the gentlewoman highlighted.   Mr. Speaker, healthcare costs are rising at alarming rates due to the  failures of ObamaCare. This bill will reduce healthcare costs. It will  improve the quality of care received.   Mr. Speaker, through this underlying legislation, we will enhance the  relationship between patients and doctors. We will reduce frivolous  litigation. And by ultimately addressing the challenges that arise with  increasing healthcare costs, we will make it more easy to get to the  affordability challenges with healthcare coverage.   This will ultimately increase wages for the American worker because,  due to the failures of ObamaCare, more businesses are having to put  money into healthcare premiums and not into wages, not into job  creation, and not into the success of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, if what we really aspire to are better healthcare  outcomes and more doctors able to treat people who are dealing with the  challenges of opioid addiction, I would ask my colleagues to oppose  this motion to recommit, support this bill, and get better healthcare  outcomes for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   