 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all and foremost, thoughts, again, and prayers  are out for Representative Steve Scalise. I can't wait and hope to see  him walk through these doors. I wish him well and his family well.   An inside joke: I hope he has his beans in his pocket. Both being  from Italian ancestry, we carry our beans with us, and I hope that he  has them with him now for a speedy recovery.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3298 and applaud  my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle) for helping to  introduce this measure.  [[Page H6184]]    Officer Bailey and Officer Griner are American heroes. It has been  widely reported that their swift action saved dozens of lives. Every  Member of Congress owes them an enormous debt.   Every day, thousands of our Capitol Police officers protect Members,  staff, and visitors in this building. You see some at the doors, others  working with canine dogs, but there are also many officers you do not  see. These officers are analyzing intelligence, working with law  enforcement, and performing many other tasks that keep this place safe.  Should any of these officers be seriously injured performing their  duties, this bill would provide some measure of relief and peace of  mind for their families.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle), my  friend.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   My dad was a police officer, and I know what it is like when you get  that phone call in the middle of the night, when he would call our  house, and we would jump out of bed, even though he was just calling to  find out whether I was home or not. But I know the hardship it can put  on families.   On 9/11, when we were in our office buildings, and we were told to  run and get out of our office buildings, our police officers were  running in. Two days later, on this same floor, when there was a bomb  scare and everybody cleared out, we were getting briefed, and we were  clearing out running down those steps, our police officers--men and  women--and first responders and firefighters were running in.   We need to let them know every day, not just today. This is a great  thing we are doing here today for them. We need to let them know every  day just how much we appreciate what they do.   When we come to work here, we are protected. We have dogs sniff our  cars, and we go through metal detectors. Everybody goes through metal  detectors. The Capitol Police come to work and leave their house every  day with a vest, after they give their loved ones a kiss good-bye, the  loved ones not knowing whether they are going to see them again.   So make no mistake about it, we need to let them know every single  day how much we appreciate them and tell them please to stay safe.   Officer Bailey and Officer Griner saved many injuries and possibly  many lives. We need to thank Officer Griner and Officer Bailey, and may  God bless both of them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   