 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of  the committee for his hard work on this. He has been a great voice.   Madam Speaker, this is a harmful and deceitful bill. It is strictly  partisan. We have learned over the years, if you do something strictly  on a partisan basis, it isn't going to work. It is going to fall apart.  It will come back to you. I am telling you, learn from our mistakes.  Work with us.   There hasn't been a single hearing on this bill.   Is the public out there confused? They should be because they haven't  been informed about what this bill does.   It was rushed through in 1 week. It takes more than a week to name a  post office around here.   What is the deal? What is going on here? No one really understands  the consequences of this bill, but I can tell you what it does.   It will greatly reduce taxes for corporate America. It will reduce  taxes for the wealthy.   So where do you think the money is going to come from to pay for  Social Security? to pay for our roads and highways? to pay for our  education? to pay for Medicare? If you haven't guessed, it is going to  come from the middle class. There is no other way we can pay for this.   So I will be kind and say maybe they are being overoptimistic. Maybe  they don't really understand what is going on there, but don't believe  it. You are going to pay more taxes. It is going to come out of your  hide.   And when I sit down, the Member from Nebraska is going to say that,  in my district, you are going to get $1,200 more or $1,700 more. No.  You are going to pay more. You are not going to get more money back.   In California, 6 million people will lose their tax deductions, the  State income tax deduction. What does that mean? That means you are  going to pay taxes twice on your earned income. In California,  homeowners are going to get hit hard. I don't see how anyone from  California can vote for this bill.   Education will be more expensive; student loans will not be  deductible. This bill will hurt our Nation's ability to compete.   What does that mean? It means lower pay. It means layoffs.   This tax overhaul is a big lie. We should oppose this bill and start  over and do it right.   