 Mr. President, today I wish to speak about my vote  yesterday on the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney  General at the U.S. Department of Justice. I voted no on his nomination  not because I think he is unqualified or because I think he is unfit  for the job. He is neither of those things. Rather, I opposed his  nomination because of the troubling actions the Justice Department is  taking on criminal justice, civil rights, and immigration issues and  because I firmly believe a special prosecutor is needed to investigate  Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election.   Since taking over as our Nation's top law enforcement official,  Attorney General Sessions has indicated he wishes to roll back certain  actions taken during the Obama administration. For instance, Attorney  General Sessions is considering changes to existing Justice Department  drug charging policies. I am concerned he will direct Federal  prosecutors to increase the use of mandatory minimum penalties in low- level, nonviolent drug cases. Since 1980, our Federal prison population  has increased by nearly 800 percent in large part because of the failed  war on drugs and the use of mandatory minimums. Increasing the  utilization of mandatory minimums will not make us safer or fix our  broken criminal justice system. To the contrary, it will come at great  cost--not only to American taxpayers, but to public safety, to  families, and to confidence in our justice system. As Deputy Attorney  General, Mr. Rosenstein will play a critical role in enacting those  changes to existing charging policies.   Attorney General Sessions also recently indicated that the Justice  Department may reverse its policy on the use of consent decrees to  combat civil rights abuses by law enforcement when they occur. He has  consistently criticized the use of consent decrees, and in his first  major speech as Attorney General, he vowed to ``pull back'' on Federal  suits against State and local police departments for civil rights  abuses. There is no doubt that America's law enforcement community  deserves our utmost respect and protection. These brave women and men  have answered the call to serve and the vast majority of them serve  with integrity. However, the Justice Department plays a critical role  in assisting police departments struggling to combat systemic practices  that unfairly target  [[Page S2548]]  minorities. Scaling back on the use of consent decrees means civil  rights violations may not be remedied. As Deputy Attorney General, Mr.  Rosenstein will play a critical role in reversing course on the use of  consent decrees.   Finally, the pending investigation into Russian interference in the  2016 Presidential election has caused deep concern and anxiety for many  Americans. We owe it to the public to conduct an investigation that is  beyond reproach and ensure that every person, regardless of their  political affiliation, has confidence in the results no matter what  they are. While Mr. Rosenstein is undoubtedly a man of integrity, such  an investigation can only be conducted by an independent, special  prosecutor. It concerns me that, in his confirmation hearing, Mr.  Rosenstein would not commit to appointing such a person.   Mr. Rosenstein has served his country with honor and distinction. He  is well respected on both sides of the aisle. In most circumstances, I  believe I would have supported his nomination. However, the disturbing  agenda on civil and human rights of the Trump administration and the  actions Attorney General Sessions continues to advance at the Justice  Department and Mr. Rosenstein's responses to questions regarding this  agenda at his confirmation hearing leave me deeply troubled about the  role he will play as the second highest ranking individual at the  Department. For those reasons, I voted no on his nomination to be  Deputy Attorney General.   