 I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you for allowing me to discuss the Fair  RATES Act, H.R. 587, and for bringing it to the floor today for a vote.  I also want to thank the subcommittee chairman, Mr. Upton, his staff,  and, of course, during his tenure as chairman of the full committee,  his staff, along with the staff of Mr. Pallone and the chairman and  ranking member of the subcommittees.   We have worked on this legislation for now several years. It did pass  unanimously, as Chairman Upton indicated, on a bipartisan passage last  year. I am grateful for his acknowledgment of that effort between our  teams and that it is on the floor so early in this Congress.   Because many of my colleagues have heard me speak about this at  length and patiently listened as I dove too far into the weeds about  forward capacity auctions, I am hoping to keep this part short and am  happy to answer any questions that anyone may have. As the chairman  alluded to, New England holds an energy capacity auction to ensure that  we have sufficient energy supply to meet consumer demand.   Mr. Speaker, 3 years ago, during an auction where there was a  shortfall, those capacity payments tripled, skyrocketing from about $1  billion to $3 billion. That rate increase hasn't even reached our  constituents yet, but this June, a significant portion of their bills  will triple due to that auction.   When the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission reviewed that rate  increase, they were down to four Commissioners, and they deadlocked 2- 2. One Democratic Commissioner and one Republican Commissioner raised  concerns about whether those rates were just and reasonable for  consumers. Because of the deadlock, those rates took effect by  operation of law without any action from FERC. With no official  decision from the agency, there was no  [[Page H569]]  decision to appeal, leaving my constituents completely voiceless.   Mr. Speaker, in 2 weeks, our region will hold that same annual  auction, once again determining rates that will be passed along to  families and businesses in my district 3 years down the road. Once  again, FERC is understaffed, without a full complement of Commissioners  to consider the new rate filings.   Although the situation may sound complex and unique to New England,  there is not a corner of this country that is immune from the  unpredictability of American energy markets and the resulting burden  our consumers and businesses are forced to bear as a result. That is  why I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and enact a simple fix to a  very complex problem.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Ms. DeGette).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I will stand on the remarks I have already made, and I urge quick  passage of the legislation.   I, again, want to extend my gratitude and thanks to Chairman Upton  and his team for all of their work, both last Congress and this one.   I yield back the balance of my time.   