 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I recently flew in a C-130 with a gathering of my colleagues and  members of the Senate the length and breadth of Florida, across the  Gulf of Mexico, and up and down the Gulf Coast of my home State of  Texas and looked at the devastation that, in 1 day, on about a 12-hour  flight, we could see all the devastation that took place from these  terrible storms.   That is why this supplemental is so very important, because this is  not about numbers, this is not about anything; it is about people,  human beings. We helped people move their ruined furniture out of their  houses when we were on that trip. We saw the devastation. We saw the  tears and the pain that these people were dealing with.   As chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations,  I am proud to have had a small part in working on this project.   Let me explain that the supplement provides $28.6 billion for the  Department of Homeland Security; $27.5 billion is for the Disaster  Relief Fund to provide for the continued response and recovery efforts  for all recent disasters. These funds will provide for the recovery  efforts of all disasters that have received a major disaster  declaration, to include, Texas, Florida, California, Puerto Rico, and  the U.S. Virgin Islands.   This money is needed to ensure food, water, and temporary shelter is  made available to disaster survivors. These funds are used for debris  removal efforts, the first step in recovery. These funds will also  support the long-term recovery efforts to help rebuild utilities,  bridges, roads, and buildings.   $4 billion of this can be used for community disaster loans to help  communities pay for essential services while they get back on their  feet.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The bill also includes $1.1 billion to address the damages to  important Coast Guard, Customs and Border Protection, and  Transportation Security Administration facilities.   The supplement provides $4.4 billion more than requested, but we  looked at  [[Page H10387]]  each project to ensure that funding was only going to projects that  address damages, improve resiliency, and increase disaster responses.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his leadership. He  has been right on top of this, and we have got a good product here.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the supplemental.   