 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Veterans' Affairs be discharged from further consideration  of S. 544 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I know of no further debate on the bill.   The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read  the third time.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I want to thank Senator Moran and  members of the Veterans' Affairs Committee for all their good work,  Senator McCain for his good work, and Chairman John Isakson for his  good work on this bill.   This Veterans Choice Program Improvement Act is an important piece of  legislation that is going to really ensure that veterans can access  care in their communities. It is a critically important piece of  legislation that we should get done and get done now.   I think this body could learn from the work that was done on the  Veterans' Affairs Committee under the leadership of Chairman Isakson  for the veterans of this country. I don't think my home State of  Montana is any exception. Veterans have been waiting far too long for  an appointment at the VA and oftentimes had to drive 100 miles for an  appointment. That is why we set up the Choice Program. It was supposed  to allow these veterans to get their healthcare closer to home.  Unfortunately, it did not work the way it should have. And we were  inundated with redtape and a government contractor that struggled to  schedule appointments with providers on time.   This Veterans Choice Program Improvement Act is not the end all. It  is not what is going to fix the Choice Program in its entirety, but it  certainly is a step in the right direction, a step that needed to be  taken, and I commend the body for allowing this step to be taken.   I yield the floor.   