 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say to Mr. Ross, my friend, I agree with just  about every single thing you say about the great State of Israel, but I  disagree with you about this resolution. Let me explain why.   Israel is a Jewish democratic state. It has been our strong ally. We  have supported it through thick and thin, most recently with a $38  billion appropriation for their security over the next 10 years. I  supported that. But this question that we face fundamentally comes down  to whether we are going to support a two-state solution or move toward  a one-state solution.   The bottom line here is that settlement activity, every settlement  that is made--600,000 settlers living in the West Bank and Jerusalem-- makes it ever-more difficult to achieve that two-state solution.   President Obama, in his abstention on that veto, was acknowledging  what has been the policy of this country. Ronald Reagan was opposed to  settlements. You know, you get a family that settles anywhere, but in  the West Bank, they put down roots. They are good people. They have a  belief that the West Bank belongs Biblically to Israel. That is their  view. Many politicians, including Netanyahu, appear to be embracing  that. That is not the international position. It is not the unified  position in Israel. Many folks in Israel think the settlements are a  threat to the possibility of achieving the secure borders and the  security of Israel and the maintenance of it as a democratic Jewish  state.   Mr. Speaker, there is another issue. With 600,000 settlers, with 4.5  million Palestinians in the West Bank and also living in the State of  Israel and 6.5 million Jewish members of the State of Israel, the  demographics, long term, are going to reach a tipping point where there  could be more Arab voters than there are Jewish voters, and then the  State of Israel will have to make the decision Jewish or democratic. I  want the State of Israel to continue to be that Jewish and democratic  state that it is, and that is why I oppose this resolution.   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to yield 1  minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Messer).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time, and I thank our chair of the committee and our ranking member.   I am here to stand with Israel. The question of the best way to do  that is one of legitimate debate. It is a debate that we are having  here in the House. It is a debate that the folks in Israel are having  there. There is no question that the resolution before us is not the  one that everyone would have written, or the one that was before the  U.N. was the one everyone would have written. There is no question that  there is fault on the side of the Palestinians with respect to coming  to the table for peace.   But here is the question that is starting to really make an impact on  the possibility of achieving the two-state solution that both sides by  and large believe is essential, and that is something that is within  the control of the Israeli Government: Will it continue to intensify  the support for settlements in the West Bank? If it does, as it has  been, there are 600,000 settlers now between the West Bank and east  Jerusalem. If it continues to do that, it makes as a practical matter  it virtually impossible the land-for-peace swap that we know is  essential to get to a two-state solution. That is the practical  challenge that we have.   We are all friends of Israel. All of us here believe in a Jewish  state and a democratic state.   The second issue of major concern that is discussed in Israel as well  as here is the fact that demographics are going to catch up and cause a  real crisis in Israel to maintain that Jewish identity and that  democratic tradition. There are 4.5 million Arabs who live between the  West Bank and in Israel proper. There are 6.5 million Jewish citizens.  If there is not some resolution, at some point a decision has to be  made to maintain the Jewish character at the expense of democratic  ideals or compromise democratic ideals in order to maintain that Jewish  identity.   The Israeli State has a proud, strong tradition of being democratic,  of being reliable, of standing up for civil and human rights. Many  there, and some of us here, believe settlements are an impediment to  that tradition.   Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Taylor).   