 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for  yielding.   I rise in opposition to H.R. 2910, the Promoting Interagency  Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act.   This bill is a solution in search of a problem.   We heard from FERC that 88 percent of projects are certified within 1  year following a completed application. It is clear that, under the  existing process, these projects are moving forward without significant  delays.   We have not seen good evidence that we need to further tilt the  process in favor of pipeline companies, which is what the bill before  us today would do.   While I am concerned about a number of provisions in this bill, I  specifically want to highlight the section that would require Federal  and State agencies to accept aerial survey data, such as data collected  by drones, and allow these agencies to grant conditional approvals  based on that data.   Aerial data have limitations and can be insufficient. These data may  not account for historic sites, endangered species, or wetlands. But,  under this bill, agencies would be required to consider the project.   Granting conditional permits based on inadequate data will ultimately  not speed up the process, but what it does instead is circumvent the  rights of landowners.   We also should be more thoughtful about changing this process, given  the implications that will impact private landowners' rights.   Under the law, pipeline companies are able to use eminent domain  authority, allowing these corporations to take private property to  build their pipelines. This bill would further restrict the already  limited opportunities that private landowners and concerned citizens  have to weigh in on proposed projects.   Streamlining is fine, but we are considering expediting a process  that can result in the use of eminent domain. The bar for seizing  private property should be high, and lowering that bar is to the  detriment of private landowners.   Historically, when considering the use of eminent domain, the  question has been: Is it in the public's interest?   But this bill is forcing the question to shift to: Is it in the  company's interest?   That is not acceptable to me, and it certainly isn't acceptable to  the general public.   If we continue to expedite and rubber stamp these projects, consumers  will be on the hook for unviable and, eventually, stranded assets.   We need to look at our energy infrastructure based on holistic,  regional needs that take into account how many projects are under  consideration and how it would impact existing infrastructure.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to oppose this bill.   