 Well, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the  gentlemen, Mr. Faso and Mr. Collins, for their leadership on this  issue.   Mr. Speaker, in my district, the 23rd Congressional District, where  we sit on the border of the State of Pennsylvania, when you talk about  the tax burden that is placed on my hardworking residents that are  struggling, that are trying to pay utility bills, that are trying to  pay for food to put on their tables, that are trying to take care of  their families and put their kids through school, when you talk about a  tax burden that is driven by the Medicaid shift in New York State to  the local level, at our county level--a very unique circumstance across  the country--to the tune of $145 million a year in each of the counties  I represent, that type of burden is not sustainable.   I thank the leadership of Mr. Faso and Mr. Collins for looking for a  solution in the American Health Care Act that will alleviate this, that  will once and for all shift this burden from our hardworking citizens,  our hardworking taxpayers in western New York back to where it belongs:  to our State capital, our State capital where they have mandated, under  the Federal Medicaid program, essentially every optional service that  is authorized under the program; where you see numbers in New York  State where we spend approximately $4,000 per enrollee versus  California, another State that has invested tremendously in expanding  Medicaid and Medicaid services, at $2,500; where you see reports that  in New York State our average costs are 44 percent, in New York State,  under Medicaid spending than the national average.   And then you look at small things that do add up: taxi services that  are reimbursed under Medicaid in New York State to the tune of $2.20 a  mile. Mr. Speaker, every hardworking resident in my district that is  watching tonight knows that if they go to submit a mileage  reimbursement to their employer or they go and try to get reimbursement  from their local government that they work at, they are getting 55  cents or maybe 53.5 cents. That money adds up.   You also see a Medicaid program in New York that is ripe with waste,  fraud, and abuse; and by putting that $145 million tax burden on our  local taxpayers, our counties cannot address that waste, fraud, and  abuse. That can only be done in our State capital. So I think it is  only right that we put the burden on our State capital, who has the  authority, the flexibility, and the ability to address these issues, to  have to deal with this burden at the same time they can implement  solutions.    If our Governor so chooses to make this type of waste, fraud, and  abuse rampant through Medicaid, that is his choice. But he shouldn't  put it on our backs, our local residents' backs, to the tune of $145  million of taxpayer dollars that they have no ability to address at the  local level.   I also remember, vividly, a story from one of our first responders,  an Olean firefighter who came in and talked about him being part of  ObamaCare ambulance service where they would pick up individuals who  would call for services and claim to be experiencing a medical  emergency; and then as they delivered the patient to the hospital, that  same patient would refuse service at the ER so they could go to the  mall across the street--a ride in an ambulance that is paid for by our  hardworking residents in western New York.   We are generous people. We don't mind helping people out. But when  you put a burden like this on our backs and you don't give us the  flexibility and ability to address these concerns, that is wrong. And  what this amendment does, and I am proud to support it and stand here  with my colleagues, is right this wrong once and for all and put the  burden where it needs to be: in our State capital. Let our Governor own  this and, hopefully, wise up and deal with it at that level and take  this burden off our hardworking taxpayers.   Thank you, Mr. Faso and Mr. Collins for this leadership, and we are  wholeheartedly behind you.   