 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1058, the VA  Provider Equity Act, as amended, which would strengthen access to the  comprehensive first-class healthcare that veterans deserve.   Podiatric care is one of the top needs at VA medical centers across  the country. Veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan report high  rate of musculoskeletal ailments resulting from lower extremity  injuries inflicted by improvised explosive devices.   Veterans of previous wars also experience higher instances of foot  and ankle ailments caused by aging, diabetes, and service-connected  disabilities. All of this leads to increased demand for podiatric care  at the VHA.   However, VA struggles to recruit and retain podiatrists due to a  disparity in pay and leadership opportunities in comparison to both  podiatrists in the private sector and to other physicians employed by  the VA.   This is because VA first established standards for podiatrists in  1976, and podiatric education, training, and practice have changed  considerably since that time. Nonetheless, VA's outdated standards have  remained unchanged. This has translated into increased wait times. As  of 2015, 93 percent of new podiatry patients wait more than 15 days for  an appointment, and podiatry is the fourth most referred-out surgical  service to community care.   My bill, H.R. 1058, the VA Provider Equity Act, would make VA's  doctors of podiatric medicine equal to doctors of osteopathy and  medical doctors within VA in terms of pay and ensure that VA  podiatrists are eligible for the same promotions and leadership  opportunities as other VA physicians, which is consistent with the  private sector.   This bill will make it easier for VA to recruit and retain the  specialists our veterans so desperately need. In turn, this will result  in better care for veterans and savings to the taxpayer, as a recent  study from the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research found that  podiatry services provided to diabetic patients could have saved  between $29 million and $97 million in 2014, in the State of California  alone.  [[Page H6172]]    Mr. Speaker, as the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and the rest of  our colleagues in Congress continue to work together to help our  veterans receive the care they need, I urge the passage of this bill.   