 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, the Republican tax plan, even before  yesterday, would exacerbate income inequality at a time when it is  already spiraling out of control, helping the rich get richer and big  corporations get bigger while the middle class is left stuck in  neutral. Many millions of middle-class families would wind up paying  higher taxes at the end of the day--13 million in 2019 and 20 million  in 2027--under the Senate plan.   That is the wrong approach for our economy. It betrays the American  worker and the American family, who deserve tax relief, because it  concentrates more of our country's wealth at the very top--just what  the American people don't want, but so many of those who fund the  Republican Party do. For most of my colleagues and most of the American  people, that is reason enough to oppose the bill, and the American  people do, by large numbers.   But yesterday Republicans made two last-minute changes to their bill  that make it even worse. First, Republicans decided to throw the mother  of all monkey wrenches into the bill: repealing the individual mandate.  My friend the majority leader called this provision ``helpful'' to the  bill because it raises revenue. I would remind him and all of my  Republican colleagues that  [[Page S7228]]  the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said it would lead to 13  million fewer Americans with health insurance. So we are taking 13  million people off of health insurance to give tax cuts to the wealthy.   Also, according to CBO, it would lead to a 10-percent increase in  premiums. Each year, they would be 10 percent higher than they  otherwise would be. So the Republican bill says: Raise the premiums on  average Americans' healthcare by 10 percent so we can give the wealthy  a tax cut.   This is the same thing they did in the healthcare bill until the  public outrage forced them to back off, and, of course, it lost. Now  they are doing it again because the Republican belief is to reduce the  healthcare safety net for middle-class Americans so they can give more  tax cuts to the wealthiest and most powerful amongst us.   If Republicans had their way, younger, healthier people would flee  the market, making the risk pool older and sicker. If you are 50 to 64,  this is very bad news for you. That is why the AARP is against this  bill and yesterday denounced the new change.   I would remind my Republican colleagues that the provision raises  $400 billion in revenues because it throws Americans off insurance, and  $179 billion alone is saved because people wouldn't sign up for  Medicaid. So the Republican bill takes $400 billion out of help for  healthcare and gives it to the wealthy and the powerful for even more  tax breaks. Does any American support that? A handful maybe, but it  seems a lot of people in this Chamber might.   So when the Republicans say this provision in their bill is helpful,  they don't mean it is helpful to Americans. It may help Republicans in  the Senate give a larger tax break to the rich, but it hurts millions  of Americans seeking affordable health insurance. Many will lose  insurance. Many more will pay an increase in their premiums, while our  colleagues have always promised to make premiums lower.   One other point. I have heard some on the other side say they would  be willing to pass the bipartisan Alexander-Murray health compromise as  sort of a salve after they repeal the individual mandate. I am here to  tell my colleagues that won't work. You don't attempt to blow up the  healthcare system and then say: We are going to make a few tweaks to  make it better. We are not falling for that, and my Republicans friends  shouldn't, either. They are completely contradictory ideas. Alexander- Murray is meant to stabilize markets and lower premiums; the Republican  plan destabilizes markets and raises premiums in a way that Alexander- Murray could never repair.    Furthermore, Alexander-Murray would not survive under the rules of  reconciliation. Too many of its provisions are under the HELP  Committee, not the Finance Committee, so anyone who thinks they can  justify the changes the majority leader has said he will put in the  bill by saying: OK. We will then pass Murray-Alexander, is wrong on the  substance and wrong on the politics because it will not pass.   When Alexander-Murray was negotiated, it was in good faith by the  chairman and ranking member of the HELP Committee as a compromised  healthcare bill. Republicans cannot expect to pass their own separate  ideological healthcare provision and then turn around and ask Democrats  to vote to pass Murray-Alexander. Again, you can't create major injury  to the healthcare system and hurt millions, and then say: Please give  us a bandaid. That is not what is going to happen. That is not the  right thing to do.   Any Republican Senator who thinks they can pass the individual  mandate and then turn around and get Murray-Alexander passed is dead  wrong. It is clear the dark tradeoff at the center of the Republican  policy agenda is back--cutting healthcare in order to fund tax  giveaways to the very wealthy and very powerful. Democrats will not go  for it. So that is one reason this provision is a bad one.   The second change the Republicans made to their tax bill was to have  many of their tax provisions for individuals expire while corporate tax  breaks remained permanent. With this new proposal, Republicans have put  themselves between a rock and a hard place. The provisions that help  individuals--and not enough middle-class folks were helped--expire by  2025. The corporate tax cuts to the wealthiest of corporations above  all are permanent.   Why did our colleagues do this? For one, they favor the big  corporate, powerful interests over the middle class, but the second is,  they had a huge deficit problem. They had to figure out where to reduce  the deficit, and so they took it out on the crumbs they gave to the  middle class in the earlier years in this bill.   One of two things will happen. Some of our Republican colleagues are  saying, ``Don't worry. We will extend the middle-class tax cuts after  2025,'' but that will create a huge deficit. So I say to my  colleagues--particularly the deficit hawks--you can't have it both  ways. You cannot say we are going to protect the middle class after  2025, and we are going to reduce the deficit. This bill is a deficit  budget buster. We all know what will happen. We all know the deficit  will skyrocket after 2025. We can't allow the sort of tricks that are  put into this bill to dissuade us from the fact that this bill  dramatically will increase the deficit.   There are two problems with this tax bill. One is inside the confines  of the bill, and one is with the public after the bill passes--should  it pass, which I think it will not. Inside the bill, as I mentioned,  Republicans are stuck between raising taxes on millions of middle-class  families or busting the deficit. There is no choice. You can't have it  both ways. The bill is a dramatic exposition of being between a rock  and a hard place. There are two choices the bill gives people: raise  taxes on the middle class or dramatically increase the deficit.   Outside the bill, with the public, Republicans have a dilemma as  well. If they don't pass the bill, they look feckless and unable to  govern--and that is what is motivating most of my colleagues--but if  they pass the bill, there is going to be public outrage, and they are  going to pay a real price in 2018. They know it.   Outside the bill, the Republicans have two bad choices too. Outside  the confines of the bill, in broad-brush strokes, our Republican  colleagues can fail to pass the bill and look unable to govern or they  can pass the bill--dramatically unpopular--and pay a price at the  polls. These are not enviable choices. They are a Gordian knot that my  Republican friends will not be able to slip out of. If they pull on one  part of the knot, they tighten another part of it.   The reason my colleagues are caught in this lose-lose situation is,  they have elected time and time again to eschew bipartisanship. Passing  legislation of this magnitude with the votes of one party is divisive  and demanding. A small number--say the Freedom Caucus--can demand  almost all the tax breaks go to the very wealthy or they will not vote  for the bill. That gives the rest of the Republicans a difficult  choice: hurt the middle class or blow a hole in the deficit.   On the other hand, if our Republican colleagues had worked with us,  that Freedom Caucus would have no say. They wouldn't have the votes to  kill the bill because there would be lots of Democratic support.   Passing legislation of this magnitude, with votes of only one party  is divisive and demanding. It has meant Republicans have produced  legislation that appeals to only a small number of Americans, and,  probably in their heart of hearts, even a minority of Republicans. We  are a fiercely divided country. Legislation that is crafted to appease  the extremes of only one political party is never going to be broadly  popular with the American people and, frankly, will not work.   That is why we should pursue bipartisan legislation, both parties  accepting the credit of success and the blame of failure. The American  people are clamoring for us to work together in such a fashion, and  working together doesn't mean a bill crafted behind closed doors under  reconciliation, which basically says to Democrats: Take a hike. We  don't need you.   I say to my Republican friends, there is a way out of this mess, and  it is simple: reject your Faustian bargains and come to work with  Democrats on a real bipartisan reform bill. You will not have to choose  between blowing up the deficit and hurting the middle class. You will  not have to choose between unpopular legislation and legislative  [[Page S7229]]  failure. Just like Alexander-Murray proved, we can produce legislation  on the thorniest of issues that will receive bipartisan support and  improve the conditions of working and middle-class Americans.   Why don't we give this a try on tax reform as well--because the  choices you are giving yourself now, you will regret.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   