 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 23,  legislation sponsored by my good friend and Western Caucus member,  David Valadao.   For years, Western communities have suffered as a result of frivolous  lawsuits, inefficient policies, and burdensome regulations that have  prevented adoption of commonsense water solutions. These factors,  coupled with a lack of rainfall, exacerbated a manmade drought that  lasted for 5 years.   Rather than capturing precious water supplies, failed government  policies that refused to put Americans first allowed billions of  gallons to be funneled into the San Francisco Bay and Pacific Ocean.  These deliberate diversions killed thousands of jobs, harmed our  country's food supply, and led to local unemployment levels as high as  40 percent.    Today we have an opportunity to right these wrongs by passing the  GROW Act, legislation that is supported by approximately 100 different  cities, agriculture groups, water associations, irrigation districts,  local chambers of commerce, and businesses throughout the country.   Most of the major provisions in this bill have been passed by this  body numerous times. In fact, we have been working to enact similar  legislation for nearly 5 years.   For example, title V includes Western Caucus member Tom McClintock's  Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act, an excellent bill that will  streamline the permitting process for important water storage projects.   Title VI includes Western Caucus member Dan Newhouse's Bureau of  Reclamation Water Project Streamlining Act, much-needed legislation  that will result in increased storage of surface water.   Title VII includes Western Caucus Vice Chairman Tipton's Water Rights  Protection Act, an essential bill that protects private water rights  from Federal takings.   I strongly support these titles and the underlying bill. It is far  past time that we put our communities, families, and America first.   H.R. 23 addresses previous policy failures and adopts worthwhile  water policies that will benefit future generations.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for sponsoring  this much-needed legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in  support of this commonsense bill.   