 Mr. President, over the weekend I heard a story I wanted  to share with everyone here today. The story goes that there were three  candles burning on a porch right across the street from the Cornwell  Funeral Home in Dardanelle, AR--my hometown, just a couple blocks away  from my home. A family had lit them in the memory of the three people  who were brutally murdered last week in Chickalah, just a few miles  outside of Dardanelle.   One of those slain was Lieutenant Kevin Mainhart of the Yell County  Sheriff's Department, who was killed after he stopped a man wanted in a  domestic disturbance. In honor of his 5 years of service to Yell  County--on top of the 20 years of service he rendered to the West  Memphis Police Department--his fellow officers escorted in their  cruisers the white hearse carrying his body from the State crime  laboratory in Little Rock back to Dardanelle.   The family across the street had lit a green candle, specifically for  Lieutenant Mainhart, and the three candles burned all the night. But as  the hearse pulled into the funeral home, the green candle suddenly went  out.   You could say that it was nothing more than a strange coincidence,  but I think there is something especially poignant about the sudden,  tragic loss of Lieutenant Mainhart's life so close to National Police  Week, which began on Sunday. Like that green candle, Lieutenant  Mainhart lit up his community, and, like that flickering flame, his  life was too brief.   Like every American this week, I wish to pay my respects to  Lieutenant Mainhart and the noble profession he chose. One of the  things which struck me about Lieutenant Mainhart's death was that it  came so early in the morning. The stop occurred at 7:18 a.m. He had the  whole day and his whole life in front of him.   He was only 46 years old, but he had made the most of his time on  this Earth. He was a husband, a father, an Air Force vet, a beloved  member of our community. Hundreds of people don't line the streets for  just anybody. Yet, in a moment, he was gone--his family bereft, our  community in mourning. It is a reminder of how precious and fragile  every life really is.   It also goes to show just how brave every police officer really is,  because this is the risk they take every morning. They put on the  uniform, they kiss their families good-bye, and they go to work, never  fully certain they will get home that night. Yet the ever-present  threat of death doesn't hold them down. It doesn't hold them back. It  doesn't dim the brilliance of their service. They give it their all,  day after day, without giving it a moment's thought. That, to me, is  the ultimate sign of character--when you do the right thing without  even thinking about it.   People like this are hard to come by. The sad truth is, we need a lot  of them. A free country always does, because there is no freedom  without security. We are so used to this basic fact--that for most of  us, most of the time we are safe--that we forget how remarkable it is.  Not so many people on God's green Earth can take that safety for  granted. We often forget what it takes to secure it. We forget how  easily we can lose it--and lose men and women like Lieutenant  Mainhart--in an instant.   It is with this in mind--this grave understanding of what our safety  requires--that I once again speak against continued efforts to water  down Federal sentencing laws. I thought this ill-advised idea had  expired last year, especially after Donald Trump's election. But  advocates for criminal leniency are at it again, even though violent  crime continued to rise in our cities for 2 years straight, and law  enforcement officers are being killed in the line of duty.   I have already made my position clear. If we want to take a second  look at punishments for first-time drug possession, let's do that. But  we should know that fewer than 500 people are in Federal prison for  such offenses. If we want to clean up our prisons, rehabilitate felons,  and help them achieve redemption, by all means, let's do that, too. I  would even consider a bill to speed up review of inmates' applications  for pardons and commutations, to help the President exercise this  constitutional authority. But we should not--we should not--lower  mandatory minimums for violent crimes, repeat offenders, and drug  trafficking. There is nothing compassionate about putting the lives of  innocent people--and our law enforcement officers--at risk.   Lieutenant Mainhart isn't the only one. There were three police  officers killed in the line of duty last year in Arkansas: Robert  Barker in the McCrory Police Department, William Cooper in the  Sebastian County Sheriff's Office, and Lisa Mauldin in the Miller  County Sheriff's Office. Every one of these losses was too steep a  price to pay, and unwise criminal leniency policies put at risk their  fellow officers and our communities.   I know it is considered old-fashioned to be tough on crime--or, even  worse, cold-hearted and mean. But a man doesn't put a lock on his door  because he hates those on the outside. He does it because he loves  those on the inside--his wife, his kids, all his family--because they  are the joy of his life. The men and women of law enforcement don't  just protect their own families--they protect all of our families.  Every day those men and women put their lives on the line for their  fellow citizens. The least we can do is to stand behind them and  support them, both for the work they do and for the lives they lead.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   