 Mr. President, this week, we are debating the  Republican tax relief plan.   I had a telephone townhall meeting the other night, along with  Senator Enzi, and we talked to the people of Wyoming who have actually  done the math and looked at the impact of the things that are included  in this proposal--doubling the standard deduction and the child tax  credit. People think it is a good deal for them personally, so there is  a lot to like in this legislation. It gives tax cuts to hard-working  American families; it makes taxes simpler and fairer; it makes American  businesses more competitive around the world; and it makes our economy  stronger here at home. That is all good news for our country and for  the American people.   Now, there is other good news in this legislation, and it is  something I continue to hear about at home and heard about over the  Thanksgiving recess in Wyoming, which is that it wipes out the  ObamaCare insurance mandate tax. This is the tax penalty the Obama  healthcare law forced on the American people. Under the Republican  plan, people would no longer have to pay a tax penalty to the IRS if  they did not want the Democrats' expensive health insurance or if they  just couldn't afford it.   We have seen health insurance premiums skyrocket over the past few  years in this country, and it is because of the way Democrats wrote the  healthcare law. The cost and the deductibles are so high that many  people find that even if they have paid for the expensive insurance,  they still can't afford to get the care they need. The law says that no  matter how expensive the insurance gets or how unusable it is for that  individual, by law, people still have to buy it or pay a tax.   Families ought to be able to make decisions about what they want to  buy and what works for them, not the government. I believe that if  people don't want to buy the ObamaCare insurance, they shouldn't have  to pay a tax penalty to the IRS. Those are the things we are looking  at.   Interestingly, today in the New York Times, there was more than half  a page devoted to this. ``Millions Pay Penalty Instead of Buying  Policy. Who Are They?'' Well, in the State of Wyoming, over 15,000  people paid over $5 million in fines to the IRS. This article today  says that 6.7 million tax filers paid the penalty in 2015. Who are  they? Well, it is not surprising to the Presiding Officer that the  great majority of these--8 out of 10 who paid the fine--have an  adjusted family income of less than $50,000. It says the $25,000 to  $50,000 income range group had the highest share of people paying the  penalty in 2015. Why do we think those people aren't able to buy the  insurance? It is too expensive. It is not a good deal for them. That is  why even the New York Times is reporting that the $25,000 to $50,000  income group--hard-working American families--has the highest share of  people paying the penalty.   Then they questioned why they paid the penalty, and it was because  they couldn't afford the insurance. It is right here in black and  white. It points out that the average penalty in 2017 is $708. That is  money those families could use for many other things, but it is not  enough compared to the cost of the insurance, which is even higher. A  single woman would have to pay a tax of either $695 or 2.5 percent of  her income, whichever is higher. That is the rule. The average is over  $700. For a couple, the tax would be double. A family with kids would  pay additional for each of the children. The majority of Americans say  they don't have enough savings to cover a $500 emergency expense if one  came up.   Who actually pays? These 16,000 people in Wyoming who paid the  penalty are hard-working men and women who are opposed to the fact that  Washington--the Federal Government under ObamaCare--says they have to  pay a tax if they don't buy a government product that doesn't work for  them.   Across the country, over 6 million people were hit with this extra  tax. The ObamaCare insurance mandate tax is a direct tax on the working  people of this country. I think it is not right. The Republican Party  Members of the Senate think it is not right. Washington should not make  people pay higher taxes just because they can't afford expensive  ObamaCare insurance. People shouldn't be forced to buy a product that  is not the right choice for them and their families.   The Congressional Budget Office says that if we get rid of the  insurance mandate, 13 million people will eventually decide under their  own free will not to have insurance. These people don't view it as a  good benefit for them. That is why they may walk away from it. They  don't view it as worth their money. Republicans want to give all these  people a tax cut. Democrats want to make sure that people still have to  pay the tax penalty.   There is a lot that I want to change about how America's healthcare  system works. I want to repeal the entire healthcare law that the  Democrats wrote a few years ago. I want to return  [[Page S7375]]  the money and the decisions back to the people or do that at the State  level, where people at the local level can make the best decisions  about what works best for them and their State, not a one-size-fits-all  coming out of Washington. I haven't given up on trying to get that done  because we need to make healthcare better in this country.   In Wyoming, we are down to just one insurer willing to sell these  policies. That is happening more and more around the country. One  insurer is not a marketplace but a monopoly. That has left many people  at the breaking point.   I got an email from one man in Sheridan, WY. He talked about the fact  that his monthly premiums will be going up by more than $700 each month  next year. That is for two adults, no children, and there is a  deductible of $6,000. He and his wife are stuck in a position where  they will have to pay more than $2,400 a month for insurance or pay an  extra tax.   A woman from Park County wrote to me that her family had to switch  insurance plans a couple of years ago. The coverage they had before was  canceled.   Why did 5,000 people in Wyoming lose their insurance? Why was it  canceled? It was good enough for them, provided what they needed, but  the government said it wasn't good enough for the government. That is  wrong.   This lady writes about the incredible increase in the costs. She  asked, ``What are we supposed to do?''   I have heard that in all corners of the State of Wyoming. What are  they supposed to do? I don't believe these people should face a choice  between paying sky-high insurance premiums or a sky-high tax penalty to  the IRS. People in Wyoming and around the country want to buy insurance  that is affordable, that works for them, and that fits their families'  needs. They don't want to be forced to buy the insurance that  Washington tells them they have to buy because Washington, as we have  seen in the past, thinks they know better than the American people.  People want the coverage they need so they can go to the doctor they  want at lower costs.   I would also point out that the cost of insurance isn't the only  problem we are looking at right now. There are other parts of the  healthcare law that may actually be harming patients.   As a physician, I receive multiple medical journals. There was a new  study out in the American Medical Association cardiology journal that  looked at Medicare patients who were hospitalized with heart failure.   Many people across the country are hospitalized for heart failure. It  is a chronic condition, and occasionally they have to go back in the  hospital for additional treatment.   There is a program in the healthcare law that started to penalize  hospitals if that Medicare patient was readmitted to the hospital  within 30 days after they had been released from the hospital. There  are a number of reasons that may happen, but the goal was to penalize  hospitals, and--the goal, the laudable goal, was to give patients  better treatment, but that is not what happened. This is the problem:  The Democrats wrote into this law and the regulations something that  they really had no evidence would actually help patients and save money  at the same time. They said: We are going to penalize hospitals. So if  every hospital improved its numbers, they were still going to grade it  on a curve, so if a hospital didn't improve enough, it was still going  to be penalized. That has had huge a impact on hospitals that take  sicker patients, regardless of their location, in terms of how they do  followup with patients.   Well, it turns out that the study in the Journal of the American  Medical Association--a well-respected cardiology journal, their heart  issue--says that the death rate actually went up after hospitals faced  this new requirement. The study covered over 400 hospitals and over  110,000 patients. The study found that an extra 5,400 people are dying  every year just among heart failure patients because of the way the  Federal Government has chosen to penalize hospitals around the country  when patients are readmitted. It is interesting because what has  happened is that the readmission rates in the hospital have actually  gone down. The hospitals succeeded in keeping people out to avoid the  penalty, but people died in the process.   The Wall Street Journal had an editorial about it last week. They  concluded that if you were doing a drug trial on a drug that you were  working on inventing to improve the lives of people and you had the  same results as this--5,000 people dying--they would have shut it down  long ago. That is a deadly, unintended consequence of the ObamaCare  healthcare law.   The insurance mandate was supposed to keep premiums from rising.  Premiums have gone way up anyway. That is another unintended  consequence of the law. In spite of good intentions, that is not what  happened under the law that was passed and is the law of the land right  now.   I believe we should repeal the entire law. Until we can do that, we  should do what we can to help the American people who are struggling to  deal with this expensive insurance and what I believe to be an unfair  tax and fine that they must pay if they don't buy the insurance because  they can't afford it, because it is not a good deal for them and it  doesn't work for them or their families. It is not just unpopular, it  is un-American. It took away people's choices. It forced them to buy  expensive insurance that wasn't right for them.   It is time for the insurance mandate to go away. We know it is a bad  idea. We need to give people relief from this terrible tax. The people  of Wyoming and the people of this country simply can't afford to wait  any longer. It is time to repeal the mandate of the healthcare law.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Barrasso). The Senator from North  Carolina.   