 Mr. President, the tax cuts we passed last week--whether  they are in North Carolina or North Dakota, working families are going  to benefit from them. Over the course of the next days and weeks that  we negotiate with the House on a final package that will go to the  President, we are going to hear all kinds of interesting claims made on  the Senate floor.   I was presiding, Mr. President, before you relieved me from the  Chair, and I heard one of the speeches we are going to hear several  times--we passed this tax bill so that we can actually now cut support  for people who need the government safety net. That sounds absurd. It  sounds absurd on several levels. No. 1, it is not a very kind thing to  do. No. 2, it is not a very wise thing do.   Let me put in another claim. I can try to put them together. They are  saying that we are passing a tax increase on working families in  America. What they forget is the dot, dot, dot--maybe 7 or 8 years from  now if we decide to raise taxes. Highly unlikely. But in the here and  now and next year, after this tax bill gets passed, working families  are going to get a tax cut.   How on Earth can you look at a standard deduction doubling--we are  going from $6,000 to $12,000 per individual and $24,000 per family.  What does the standard deduction mean? Some people may not understand  it. It is pretty simple. That standard deduction means that money isn't  going to get taxed. So we are increasing the number of people who will  not pay taxes.   One of the brackets we haven't talked about, and I think we should,  is the number of people who go to a zero tax bracket under the Senate  plan and, to a large extent, under the House plan. Then we talk about  the child tax  [[Page S7875]]  credit. Now let's talk about a working mother, a single mom with a  child. The first $12,000 isn't going to be taxed, and then another  $2,000 per child would not be taxed before you would even be subject to  tax. That is the reality of this plan. It is not an increase in taxes.   Those who oppose this plan are trying to talk about a hypothetical  possibility 7 or 8 years from now that I don't believe is going to  happen. One of the reasons why I believe it is highly unlikely to  happen is because we are going to have economic growth from this tax  plan.   The way you get economic growth--you also have to recognize that in  the United States, we have the highest corporate tax rate in the world.  When people are trying to set up shop today, they don't have to  necessarily set up shop in the United States to do business in the  United States; they go to the lowest cost jurisdiction. I don't fault a  business for doing that. When I am confronted with maybe the desire to  set up a business in, say, North Carolina or somewhere else in the  United States, if it is going to cost me substantially more, of course  I am going to make the business decision to go where I have the most  resources necessary to produce the product or service that I want to  provide.   By cutting corporate taxes and by cutting what we call the  passthrough tax, which is handling all businesses, whether they are a C  corporation or a passthrough entity--I won't get into the details, but  they are the two different ways businesses set up to pay their taxes.  By lowering that tax burden on businesses, we are going to see economic  growth.   After the tax cuts are put into place, we are immediately going to  see a reduction in the tax burden for working families. That is going  to be from the increases in deductions and the lowering of the tax  burden. Over time, we are going to see additional money going into the  pockets of working families, because I firmly believe that through  economic activity, we are going to see an upward increase in wages. We  are going to see median incomes go up. We are going to see people  lifted out of poverty. The reason I believe that is because we have  done it in North Carolina. We were roundly criticized--the same way  people did on this floor--when I was serving in the State legislature,  and we delivered on a promise we made if we got a majority in the State  of North Carolina. We went on to decrease the tax burden on businesses  and decrease the tax burden on individuals, and we have seen our income  to the State go up--more money, more resources in the State to do good  things for people in North Carolina. One of the good things we do is  continue to lower the tax burden because our economy is growing at  rates it has not seen in decades in North Carolina. That is what is  going to happen in the United States.   It also provides us with resources to help those who truly need help.  The other argument that suddenly we are going to pay for this tax cut  by harming people on Medicare and Medicaid is absurd. All of us here  have mothers and fathers, aunts and uncles, maybe brothers and sisters  who rely on Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security as their primary  source of income. How anybody can come to this floor and say that I am  going to tell my 85-year-old mother--Mom, I am sorry if you are  watching this because I know you hate it when I mention your age--who  relies on Medicare and relies on Social Security that we are going to  come to this Chamber and betray that trust and break that promise that  we made to them is absurd.   Are we talking about things we can do so I can make a promise to  these pages when they get old someday--I know it is hard for you to  imagine you are going to get old someday, but you will. What we are  talking about is making sure that we can fulfill that promise for the  generations who have not yet relied on Medicare and Social Security. If  we don't act, we are going to harm the very people whom other people in  this Chamber profess to be helping.   We have a fiscal crisis out there that we have to deal with, but it  has no connection to what we are trying to do with tax reform. People  say we passed the tax reform bill so that we can harm other people and  pay for the tax cuts through cuts to our entitlement programs or safety  net programs. It is not happening. We justified this tax package based  on what we believe to be economic growth. This tax bill will be funded  through economic growth. This tax bill will be funded by more people  making higher wages, more businesses being successful and hiring other  people, and the United States being more competitive on the global  stage. That is how we pay for this tax package.   Again, I speak from a bit of experience because we did tax reform  over the last 5 years in North Carolina. It wasn't perfect. That is why  we came back and made some changes after we realized there were some  unintended consequences, which is the last thing I will talk about.   We are now going into what they call conference. Today, what you are  observing is a period of time that we have to pass through in the  Chamber before we can vote to go to conference. When we go to  conference, it means that the House and the Senate will get together  and we will try to work out our differences. One of the things we have  to do is work out some things that we have identified that may be  unintended consequences of the bill, to make sure that we minimize any  negative impact that wasn't thought through until we can begin to work  through some of the models. That is going to happen. I think the  conferencing process will produce a better bill.   But more than anything else, we need to recognize that it is time to  deliver on a promise we made to the American people. We need to be the  Congress that, for the first time in over 30 years, actually delivers  on the promise of reducing the tax burden and getting the economy back  on track--the way it hasn't been for quite some time.   That is why I am proud to have voted for the tax plan. That is why I  will be proud to vote for the plan that goes to the President's desk.  That is why I will be proud to stand in this Chamber, just a couple of  years from now, and demonstrate that the courage we are displaying by  moving forward with this bill is going to produce a result for the  American people that benefits every single person all across the  socioeconomic spectrum.   I appreciate the opportunity to tell the American people again: Don't  necessarily believe everything that is going to be said in this Chamber  in the next couple of days or couple of weeks. American people, don't  be afraid when you hear that one or the other party is working hard so  we can harm people who rely on our safety net. Don't believe it. It is  not true. Don't believe that we have decided that it was a great  political strategy to raise taxes 7 years from now. Don't believe that  it is an immediate tax increase, because that is empirically untrue.   Believe that we are doing everything we can to fulfill our promise,  and believe that, if we do this, everybody in the United States is  going to benefit. We are going to be a stronger nation. We are going to  be a more competitive Nation, and we are going to have a point in time  in Congress when we actually came here and did what we said we were  going to do.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   