 Mr. President, I listened carefully to my colleagues on  the  [[Page S1146]]  other side, and I want to make sure people really understand what this  debate is all about. This debate is about background checks. It is  about mental health. It is not about taking away constitutional rights.  I am struck--and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer has taken  part in a lot of these debates as well--that whenever there is a  discussion about guns in the U.S. Senate, Senators get up and say: We  shouldn't be debating guns, we ought to be debating mental health. That  is what we are talking about today--mental health and background  checks.   The fact is, we can go into townhall meetings in any part of America  and hear extraordinary support for the whole idea of background checks.  Background checks are right at the heart of this morning's debate and  supporting background checks is not some extreme far-out position to  hold. In fact, opposing background checks is the view that is way out  of the mainstream of American political thought.   A recent poll found that 92 percent of gun owners supported expanded  background checks. Let me just repeat that 92 percent of gun owners in  America support expanded background checks. As the courts continue to  interpret the language of the Second Amendment, one matter has been  made clear: background checks are a constitutional part of the exercise  of those rights.   So what I am going to do is describe what this is all about, but I  want to, as we get going, make sure people understand that  fundamentally this is about background checks, and it is about mental  health. It is not about taking away somebody's constitutional rights.   Here is how the proposal under discussion works. If there is an  individual with a severe mental impairment that means that another  person--perhaps a family member--is in charge of their Social Security  benefits, then the background check is to be informed by Social  Security that the person with a severe mental impairment is ineligible  to buy a gun. The fact is, we can always talk about tailoring the rule  in a slightly different way. It is critically important that  individuals who wind up in the background check system are not treated  unfairly, but the fact is, anyone who thinks they have been unfairly  affected by this proposal can appeal, and they are most likely going to  win, as long as they are not a danger to themselves or anyone else. If  the Social Security Administration says no, that person has the power  to take their case to court.   What we are talking about here is, in my view, not about Democrats or  Republicans, liberals and conservatives; I think we are just talking  about plain old, unvarnished common sense. We want to, all of us--all  of us--stop shootings by those who are in danger of hurting themselves  or other persons.   The rule came out last year, but it goes back to the shootings at  Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook. What the previous administration sought  to do was to find some commonsense gun safety steps that could be taken  under laws on the books. I want to emphasize this as well because  whenever we talk about guns, what Senators always say is: Let's use the  laws on the books. Let's use the laws on the books. We don't need to  chase new laws and the like.   So the administration sought to use the laws on the books--the  previous administration--to prevent the horrendous acts of violence  that have so scarred our country in recent years. I know the  distinguished Presiding Officer knows something about that from his own  State.   I hope my colleagues will oppose the resolution. I think we are all  aware in the Senate that whenever you have an issue that even touches  on guns, everybody goes into their corners. They go into their  respective corners.   My own view is--and I represent a State with a great many gun owners.  I have had more than 750 townhall meetings at home. A lot of them--a  lot of them--involve debates about guns. Overwhelmingly, in a State  like mine, where there are a lot of gun owners, gun owners support  making sure there are background checks. They want to address this as a  mental health issue. Gun owners overwhelmingly say they have just had  it with Congress doing absolutely nothing when it comes to practical,  commonsense gun measures like background checks. They look at what goes  on in Washington, DC--and I have had so many gun owners--and this comes  up not just at town meetings. We have an icon in our State, Fred Meyer,  a store. I think I have had chicken in every Fred Meyer in the State of  Oregon. People come up and talk about issues like this in a Fred Meyer,  and they ask: Why in the world can't there be Democrats and Republicans  who just come together and do something that helps make our country a  little bit safer? That is what this is all about.   I am not here to say this measure is a panacea; that somehow this is  a magical elixir that is going to reduce gun violence in America. That  wouldn't be right and certainly not part of how I see these debates. I  see this as addressing a commonsense, practical measure relating to  background checks and mental health.   I listened to my colleague, my friend from the Finance Committee,  Senator Grassley. If Members of the Senate feel so strongly that this  particular rule needs addressing, then there ought to be a debate. The  Senate, Democrats and Republicans, should get together and figure out  how to improve the rule.   What is important is that is not going to be possible if this  resolution passes. If this rule is struck down under the Congressional  Review Act, it wouldn't just scrap this particular background check, it  would salt the Earth. It would prevent this issue from being addressed  for quite a number of years.   I am going to close by talking a bit personally for a minute about  why I feel so strongly about this. My late brother Jeff, who passed at  the age of 51, suffered from schizophrenia, a serious mental  impairment. He started to withdraw in his teens. His condition got  worse over the next few years. We were close. He was just a couple of  years younger than I. I watched the continuing odyssey that Jeff went  through of various mental health facilities, run-ins with the law on  the streets.   I will say to the Presiding Officer that not a day went by in the  Wyden household when we weren't worried that Jeff was going to hurt  himself or somebody else. That was the reality for the Wyden family,  and that is a fear that I know is felt in households all across the  country, day in and day out.   My brother received benefits from public programs while he struggled  with a mental impairment. My dad wrote a book about it because we were  so hopeful at one time. He wrote a book called ``Conquering  Schizophrenia.'' We thought there was a breakthrough drug known as  olanzapine.   We always felt during those years that it would be a big mistake if  Jeff Wyden could buy a gun. He would have been a danger to himself. He  would have been a danger to others. I don't think Americans should have  to carry that burden and experience that kind of worry that comes along  with the danger we felt week after week for years in the Wyden  household and that I know other families across the country feel as  well.   (Mr. CRUZ assumed the Chair.)   The Presiding Officer wasn't in the Chair when this began, and I  started off by way of saying that, to me, this is about background  checks, it is about mental health; it is not about taking away people's  constitutional rights, but I can understand why other people would have  a difference of opinion. That is what the Senate is about. That is what  the Senate is supposed to do--to debate these issues. So if somebody  said: Well, there is a better way to do this, to improve it, count me  in--count me in to talk with colleagues, the Presiding Officer, and  others--but if you support this resolution today, you close off that  door. You preempt that possibility because of the way the Congressional  Review Act actually works.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this. This is what the Senate says it  wants to do when we talk about guns. I wish I had a nickel, in fact,  for every time the Senate talked about guns--I wish I had a nickel for  each time a Senator got up and said: We shouldn't be working on guns.  We ought to be working on mental health. That is what this is about,  mental health and background checks.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the resolution.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   