 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules  Committee, my friend, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule as well as  the underlying legislation, H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   This legislation demonstrates a commitment to my constituents and all  of the American people to provide relief.   Our current Tax Code contains over 70,000 pages of rules and  provisions. Within these pages are hundreds of loopholes and carve-outs  that only special interests can fully understand and access.   At the very core of this legislation is a matter of fairness. By  passing this rule and supporting the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we will be  making a profound reform of our Tax Code toward a system that is  simpler, flatter, and fairer to American families across the country.   According to analysis by the Tax Foundation, which is an independent,  nonpartisan tax policy nonprofit, this legislation would stimulate GDP  growth up to 4 percent and provide more than 3 percent of a wage  increase.   In my home State of Washington, it is projected that almost 22,000  new jobs will be created and a middle class family in my State is  projected to gain over $3,000 in after-tax income, should this bill be  signed into law.   This means real and significant economic growth, with tens of  thousands of new jobs in my State alone, and more money staying in the  pocket of central Washingtonians.    Mr. Speaker, I have been disappointed in the dialogue surrounding  this legislation from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. The  accusations that this will be a massive tax hike on the middle class  are patently false.   Unfortunately, these claims are being made by Federal officials right  here in Washington, D.C., all the way to my State capital in Washington  State.   In my congressional district, over 80 percent of the people file  their taxes using the standard deduction. This bill actually doubles  the standard deduction for middle class families and for all Americans.  This allows families I represent in Moses Lake, Omak, and Tri-Cities to  save more money on their tax bill without having to jump through  complicated loopholes and pore over their tax preparations for hours.  However, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle refuse to  acknowledge that fact.   This bill lowers individual tax rates for low- and middle-income  Americans and continues to maintain the highest rate of 39.6 percent  for the wealthiest of Americans. It eliminates special interest  deductions, expands the child tax credit, establishes a new family  credit for families taking care of a loved one, and it preserves the  adoption tax credit.   It allows a small business in Othello or a farmer in Yakima to  immediately write off the full cost of new equipment. It repeals the  unfair estate tax, which hurts family farms and small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, the American people need relief, the people of central  Washington need relief, and this bill provides it. I proudly rise in  support of the bill.   