 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the Crapo-Brown-Corker- Cardin Countering Russian Aggression and Cyber Attacks Act of 2017.  This bill, filed as an amendment, was filed as amendment No. 232 to the  Iran sanctions bill late last night.   Yesterday, the Senate Banking and Foreign Relations Committees  concluded their work on a groundbreaking piece of legislation regarding  Russia sanctions. I say groundbreaking because the legislation not only  ratchets up pressure against the Russian Federation for its illegal  invasion and annexation of Crimea, continuing escalation of violence in  eastern Ukraine, and its cyber activities against businesses and  citizens of the United States, but it also, importantly, provides  Congress with a strong oversight process over almost any termination or  suspension of these sanctions.   Senators Corker, Brown, Cardin, and their staffs spent many hours to  ensure that we put together a thoughtful and measured product, and I  thank them for their work.   Senator Brown and I have worked together for months to try to craft a  responsible Russia sanctions package, and Senator Corker has been a  tireless champion of this measure as has Senator Cardin. I also would  be remiss if I did not recognize the work of Senators McCain, Brown,  Shaheen, and the many others who have worked to develop much of what  has ended up in this legislation. All of us appreciate the leadership  of Majority Leader McConnell and Senator Schumer, who worked with us as  we came to our final agreement.   The need for this legislation was underlined by the fact that many  Americans have deep concerns about Russia's behavior over the past few  years. Since coming to power, Russian President Putin has become  increasingly belligerent, nationalistic, and autocratic.   Currently, the United States has imposed sanctions on Russia for  Russia's invasion and annexation of Crimea and its role in supporting  the separatist movements in eastern Ukraine, Russia's increasing cyber  attacks and cyber espionage against the United States, Russia's support  for the Assad regime in Syria, and Russia's complicity for corruption.   Although this is not an exhaustive list, it demonstrates the lengths  to which Russia will go to seize power and influence in the  international arena.   Unfortunately, Putin's desire to increase Russia's political  influence is not driven by a desire to raise the standard of living for  Russians. Instead, it is driven by a craving to enrich and empower  himself and his cronies.   Over the course of the past 3 months, the Senate Banking Committee  has held hearings assessing the impacts of the current sanctions regime  against Russia. We examined the existing Russian sanctions architecture  in terms of its effectiveness and its economic impact. The Russians  have largely learned to live within the economic confines of the  existing sanctions regime.   In Putin's calculation, the cost of the sanctions do not outweigh the  benefits of occupying Crimea and contributing to unrest in Ukraine, to  continuing to support the Assad regime's assault on civilians in Syria,  and conducting cyber attacks on people, companies, and institutions  around the globe.   Many of us on both sides of the aisle feel the United States needs to  be much stronger in its response. Americans want to see the United  States stand firm in the defense of our long-held values, which include  respect for territorial integrity, human rights, and liberty.   At this point, the only way to change Putin's cost-benefit analysis  is to increase the pressure which we apply directly through sanctions.   The Crapo-Brown-Corker-Cardin amendment is an effective way to  increase the pressure on Russia for its irresponsible conduct. Our  legislation signals to the world the unflagging commitment of the  United States to the sanctity of territorial integrity, human rights,  and good governance. Our amendment also demonstrates our resolve in  responding to cyber attacks against U.S. citizens and entities and  against our allies.    In summary, the Crapo-Brown-Corker-Cardin amendment does four things:  It escalates and expands the current sanctions regime against Russia;  it creates new sanctions against Russia; it engages Congress at a  higher level than before by providing a mechanism for Congress to vote  before lifting any sanctions on Russia; and it increases the Treasury  Department's ability to track illicit finance, including illicit flows  linked to Russia.   We escalate and expand the current sanctions regime against Russia by  codifying and modifying six current Executive orders. Four of these  orders relate to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and two relate to  Russia's malicious cyber activity.   We expand the sanctions under the Ukraine-related Executive orders to  reach Russian deep-water, Arctic, and shale projects worldwide. We also  permit the President to apply these sanctions to Russian railway,  shipping, and metals and mining sectors.   The amendment also creates several new sanctions against Russia.  There are new sanctions for those who are engaged in significant  activities undermining cyber security. These sanctions also apply to  those providing material support for such malicious cyber actors.   We also impose mandatory sanctions on entities engaged in special  Russian energy projects and on foreign financial institutions  facilitating transactions in response to Russia's continued aggression  in Ukraine.   The amendment includes tough sanctions on Russian Government  officials, their relatives, and close associates responsible for  significant corruption in Russia or elsewhere.   It sanctions people who help others evade sanctions and people  responsible for human rights violations in any territory controlled by  Russia.   Additionally, it sanctions those who work for or on behalf of the  Russian defense and intelligence sectors, those who invest or support  the construction of Russian energy export pipelines, and corrupt  government officials who enrich themselves after making deals to  privatize state-owned assets.   Finally, it sanctions those who help the Assad regime acquire  chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons technology, ballistic or  cruise missile capabilities, or destabilizing numbers and types of  advanced conventional weapons.   The Crapo-Brown-Corker-Cardin amendment will result in some very  powerful new sanctions on Russia. Part of our agreement includes  congressional review language to ensure Congress exerts proper  oversight on the use of these powerful sanctions. We require the  President to notify Congress when imposing certain types of sanctions,  and we will have the opportunity to review any attempts to lift  sanctions with regard to Russia. We intend to use this review model on  all sanctions regimes moving forward, and I intend to work to apply it  to sanctions on Iran.   Amendment No. 232 is more than just the sanctions and congressional  review;  [[Page S3448]]  this legislation also includes important counterterrorism financing  provisions adopted by the House and Senate during the 114th Congress.  It requires the creation of a national strategy for combatting the  financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance. This  strategy ensures that the United States pursues a coordinated and  effective fight against illicit finance at all levels of the Russian  Government.   Our measure requires the strategy to enhance public-private  partnerships to prevent and detect illicit finance. The measure also  requires the Treasury Department to report on its efforts to identify  illicit finance flows linked to Russia affecting the U.S. financial  system or the financial system of our allies. We must engage all of our  allies, particularly our trading partners, to work with us so that we  achieve our objectives without collateral damage, which is so often the  case. It is important that our trading partners be with us on this  issue rather than being the victims of the actions we take.   This is a strong bipartisan measure that in important respects  represents the next step forward. Of course, this will not be the last  step if Russia does not begin to demonstrate verifiable steps toward  reducing its course of aggression on multiple fronts. Make no mistake-- the sanctions currently in place and those submitted in our amendment  last night are Putin's fault and not a result of Putin's confused  notions of Russian power and pride.   Even though unilateral actions are not the best option, America must  lead on this issue and encourage others to follow since the most  successful sanctions result from a united front of United States and  European Union cooperation.   Since the unlawful annexation of Crimea, the years of destabilizing  eastern Ukraine through relentless war, the global spread of cyber  intrusions, and Putin's indefensible support of Assad's leadership of  Syria, particularly in light of its recent chemical attack, fewer are  left in Europe to defend Putin's policies. The times call for clarity  of purpose and a correct amount of pressure. We have that in this  amendment.   Again, thank you to Senators Corker, Brown, and Cardin for your hard  work and support and to each of the other Senators from both sides of  the aisle who have worked to help develop and pursue the policies  adopted in this legislation. Thank you to Leader McConnell and Senator  Schumer for all of your help and support.   I look forward to passing this measure in short order, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Johnson). The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   