 Mr. President, thank you, and I thank the great Senator  from Washington State for her leadership on this incredibly important  issue.   If this tax bill weren't terrible enough, it goes after one of the  most beautiful places on Earth, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  Drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is nothing more than a  Big Oil polar payout. This isn't about drilling oil; it is about  drilling for votes. This isn't about crude oil; it is the crudest of  politics.   We now have 41 cosponsors of my legislation with Senator Bennet to  permanently protect the Arctic Refuge by designating it as a  wilderness. That is enough to sustain a filibuster, and that is  precisely why they are circumventing the normal legislative process by  including it as a rider on a tax bill.   In reality, drilling turns this pristine wilderness into an  industrialized wasteland. The Coastal Plain is the biological heart of  the Arctic Refuge, and allowing oil and gas drilling would drive a  stake right through the heart of it.   We are currently sending nearly 1 million barrels a day of American  crude oil overseas, but Republicans and the their oil industry allies  are saying we need to allow drilling in the wildest place left in  America so we can export even more oil to China and other foreign  nations. It is an abomination. It is a disgrace. Drilling in a  wilderness area in order to send oil to China--it is a disgrace. If the  Republicans persist in passing this monstrosity of a tax bill and pass  this Big Oil polar payout, they are the ones who are going to be left  out in the cold in 2018.   If the Republicans want to see what real wilderness looks like, they  don't need to travel to the Arctic Refuge, the wilderness is about to  come to them. They are about to be sent deep into the political  wilderness if they pass this tax scam legislation.   If the Republicans are successful in ramming through the Arctic  drilling rider in the dead of night, we will never give up. We will  keep fighting because the Arctic Refuge should forever be the home for  caribou, not crude; bears, not barrels of oil; sandpipers, not  pipelines. We will never stop fighting.   They may win tonight in the dark of night, but this fight is not  over. This is a crime against the environment which is being committed  here tonight. We do not have to sacrifice this wilderness. We are  exporting oil out of our country--exporting it. We don't have to go  here. Export more oil, and that is where it is going? It is just wrong.   Just remember that this is all a part of the so-called Republican  reconciliation process. Now that we have the final product, that  process is being exposed as the giant con game it truly is. The key  phrase in reconciliation is ``con.'' It is a con job. The whole thing  is nothing more than a masquerade, a Trojan horse in order to get a tax  cut for the upper first percentile. It is a con job.   The polling in our country says the American people are not buying  it. They are seeing right through it--through all the political noise,  all of the incredible distractions, all the red herrings. The American  public knows this is a tax break for the wealthiest people in our  country and not for the middle class. Republicans are not even trying  to hide what they are doing anymore. They are moving ahead with  reckless speed to pass this disaster of a bill in the middle of the  night, so that is why we will all be back here in a few hours, yet  again, voting in the dead of night on a 500-page bill that has no  hearings, no amendments, no real debate because that is the only way  you can get a tax break for the upper first percentile and the  wealthiest corporations in the country while trying to market it as a  tax break for the middle class, when they know it is not. They know it,  by the way. They know what they are doing.   It is the height of irony that we will be here tonight ramming  through legislation before the Senator-elect from the State of Alabama  can be seated. Just 8 years ago, Republicans called on Democrats to  stop progress on the Affordable Care Act until Senator Scott Brown was  sworn in. They said at the time: Stop progress. Don't do anything. We  need to wait for Scott Brown to show up. Back then, Democrats listened  to those calls, but when Doug Jones gets elected, it is just put your  foot to the accelerator, move as fast as you can, no hearings, no  anything, and Alabama will not be represented with their new Senator  out here. Back then, Democrats actually listened to those calls, and  today our concerns are completely ignored by the Republicans, all so  they can continue playing their con game on the American people.   The American people are waking up to the fact that they have been  sold a bill of goods. They are seeing that this plan is simply a Trojan  horse of giveaways to the wealthy corporations and Republican political  donors.   What are some of those giveaways? Front and center is the massive cut  in tax rates for megacorporations. We know this will not create jobs or  trickle down to their employees because we have tried it before. In  2004, we gave a massive tax holiday for huge corporations on the money  they held overseas, but the 15 companies that benefited the most from  those giveaways cut more than 20,000 jobs and decreased their research  spending.   Mark Twain said: ``History doesn't repeat itself, but it does tend to  rhyme.'' This tends to rhyme. The tax cuts in this bill are even more  egregious. Corporate tax cuts flow to CEOs and stockholders. Those  stockholders are not all American taxpayers. Foreigners hold 35 percent  of U.S. corporate stock. That means the Republican tax bill is a  giveaway of $48 billion to foreigners in 2019 alone.   Think about this. The Republicans can find $48 billion to give away  to foreign shareholders but in the same bill raise taxes on millions of  middle-class  [[Page S8097]]  families. By 2027, this bill will raise taxes on over 53 percent of  American households. At the same time, a full 83 percent of the tax  cuts will flow to the top 1 percent of Americans. So the more the  American people see what is in this bill, the more they realize they  will have to foot the bill, and the American people are saying ``No  way.''    New polls today show that over half of the American public opposes  this bill; two-thirds of the people recognize that the bill will  benefit the wealthy over the middle class; and, according to the polls,  the only thing more unpopular than this tax plan is President Trump  himself. But the Republicans will push ahead anyway since this is all  part of the bigger con game. When these tax giveaways pass, the deficit  will explode by over $2 trillion.   Republicans aren't even waiting for those deficits to become reality  before using them as an excuse to move to the next phase of the con  game. They are already using future deficits to justify a brutal,  vicious cut to programs for the poorest, for the sickest, for the  neediest people in our country. Earlier this month, Speaker Ryan said,  ``We're going to have to get back next year at entitlement reform,  which is how you tackle the debt and the deficit.'' We know exactly  what Republicans mean when they talk about entitlement reform. They  mean taking a machete to the programs that working and middle-class  families in America rely upon. Republicans want nothing more than an  excuse to slash Medicare and make it harder for Grandma to buy her  medicine. They want the ability to gut Medicaid because, in their  opinion, healthcare is only a right for the wealthy. They want to cover  their historical enmity toward Social Security so that they can steal  benefits from every American who has paid into that system, and they  are doing this because the modern Republican Party has a sacred  obligation to their donors--to the Koch brothers, to the massive  corporations that help fund their campaigns. They promised them tax  breaks, and it will be average working families who will end up footing  the bill. When the bill becomes due, the American people will not  forget who sent it to them.   Here we are at the end of the year. We have truly important issues to  address. We need to fund healthcare for 9 million children, ensure that  community health centers can keep the lights on, secure the dreams of  800,000 young Dreamers, and combat the crises that American communities  face from opioids and natural disasters. Sadly, we are doing none of  those things. Instead, we are looting America's middle class to give  away massive amounts of money to the rich, which will then create  deficits, which will then have them going after Medicare, Medicaid, and  Social Security--Grandma and Grandpa, who built this country. That has  always been their plan. They have an ancient animosity toward all of  these programs, and now they believe they can leave them as debt-soaked  relics of what they are today by creating this huge debt in this tax  bill and then turning on the very programs for the very people who made  this country what it is today.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill. It will go down in history as one  of the worst single pieces of legislation ever to be considered by the  U.S. Senate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Dakota.   