 Mr. President, I wish to start my remarks with my deepest  condolences and prayers for the people of Las Vegas and for the  families and loved ones of the victims of the worst  [[Page S6248]]  mass shooting in our Nation's history. The Nation's heart breaks that  innocent concertgoers had to suffer such senseless violence. May you  find the strength and love to overcome your grief, to heal, and to move  forward.   We owe our gratitude to the brave first responders for their efforts  last night and to the medical professionals who are working tirelessly  to heal wounds and save lives right now. But enough is enough.  Americans are tired of living in fear that their community will be the  next Newtown, Aurora, Orlando, or Las Vegas. We must act so that we do  not become numb to this preventable carnage.   This epidemic of gun violence in our country is not preordained. It  is preventable. We can begin by banning these military-style assault  weapons, like the AR-51, which are the guns of choice for those who  seek to inflict mass casualties on civilians. These are weapons that  belong in combat, not in our communities.   Unfortunately, the gun lobby prevailed on Congress to let the assault  weapons ban expire in 2004, but we need it now more than ever. We must  also pass legislation to ensure that all gun purchases include a  background check. Ninety-two percent of Americans support expanded  background checks. No one should be able to purchase a gun through  Facebook or Instagram without a background check. Instagram should not  be ``Instagun,'' which it is in America today.   Let's also close the gun-show loophole that allows anyone to go into  one of these Kmarts full of killing machines and buy a gun without a  background check. Let's close the loophole that allows domestic abusers  to buy guns. Let's close the loophole that allows straw purchasers to  buy guns and flood our streets with them. Let's repeal the Protection  of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, or the PLCAA, and take away the gun  manufacturers' immunity from civil liability. PLCAA should stand for  ``protecting lives, creating arms accountability.''   We must also recognize that this epidemic of gun violence is a public  health emergency, and we must treat it that way. We must fully fund  this critical research agenda at the Centers for Disease Control and  give the CDC the resources it needs.   We will hear lots of people say that now is not the time to  politicize this tragedy, that talking about legislation is insensitive  and wrong. The only thing the NRA wants more than to sell lots of gun  silencers is to put a silencer on the debate about gun safety  legislation. The only thing the NRA wants more than allowing nationwide  concealed carry laws is to conceal the overwhelming support for  background checks. The only thing the NRA wants more than to stifle  smart gun technology is to stifle debate on gun violence protection.   So to anyone who says having this debate now is too soon, it is  already too late for at least 58 people in Las Vegas and the hundreds  of others who were wounded. We should not wait another day. We need to  pass commonsense gun safety legislation so we can hold a moment of  silence for the NRA's stranglehold on American politics. We must make  ``NRA'' stand for ``not relevant anymore'' in American politics and in  our country. That should be our agenda here on the floor of the Senate.   What is wrong is leaving Americans in our communities unprotected yet  again from gun violence. What is wrong is not having a debate and  allowing the NRA to block sensible gun safety legislation. We must act  so that we do not become numb to the preventable carnage for the people  of Las Vegas and the people of Newtown, Aurora, San Bernardino, and  every community in our country. That should be our responsibility now  in this country.    Mr. President, I wish to turn my attention to the confirmation of FCC  Chairman Ajit Pai, the subject of today's vote on the Senate floor.   Last week, I took to the floor to explain how, in his short tenure as  Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai has stood  up for big corporations and ignored American consumers.   Under Ajit Pai, the FCC now stands for ``forgetting consumers and  competition.'' Here are the five reasons I gave.   No. 1, on net neutrality, I explained how Ajit Pai wants to take a  ``weed whacker''--his words--to net neutrality, allowing broadband  providers to serve as internet gatekeepers and pick online winners and  losers.   No. 2, on privacy, Chairman Pai has actively supported efforts to  allow broadband providers to sell consumers' sensitive information  without their consent, as well as eliminating requirements for those  companies to put in place data security protections, despite the  obvious need to protect personal information.   No. 3, on megamergers, Mr. Pai has paved the way for massive mergers,  which will squeeze out independent programmers and lead to higher  prices for consumers.   No. 4, on the E-rate, the education rate, Chairman Pai has refused to  commit to protecting the E-rate, the most successful educational  technology program in our country's history, which links up schools and  libraries to the internet.   No. 5, on the Lifeline Program, Mr. Pai has undercut the Lifeline  Program, which provides access to voice and internet service for  millions of low-income Americans.   The case against Chairman Pai's nomination is clear. I want to spend  a few more minutes today on the particularly critical issue of net  neutrality, the chief governing principle of the internet.   Net neutrality ensures that all internet traffic is treated equally,  requiring that internet service providers like AT&T, Charter, Verizon,  and Comcast do not block, slow down, sensor, or prioritize internet  traffic.   Today, essentially every company is an internet company. Every  company has to deal with the digital revolution to be relevant in the  21st century. In 2016, almost half of the venture capital funds  invested in this country went toward internet-specific and software  companies. That is $25 billion worth of investment--half of all venture  capital in this country. That is good.   To meet America's insatiable demand for broadband internet, the U.S.  broadband and telecommunications industry--the big companies--invested  more than $87 billion in capital expenditures in 2015. That is the  highest rate of annual investment in the last 10 years. That is good.   We have hit the sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless  technologies is very high. Job creation is very high. Venture capital  investment in online startups is very high. With net neutrality rules  in place, the best ideas, not merely the best funded ideas, can thrive  in the 21st century.   Chairman Pai says he ``likes'' net neutrality, but then he says he  wants to take an ax to the very order that established today's net  neutrality rules. That is like saying you value democracy but don't  really like the Constitution. It makes no sense. Net neutrality is the  organizing principle of the internet.   Chairman Pai and the ISPs--that is, internet service providers, the  big companies--keep walking around, whispering how title II is some  terrible word, some terrible thing.   Let's understand how we landed here. What is title II? It gets very  mysterious until you put it into very simple language. In 2010, the  Federal Communications Commission attempted to put net neutrality rules  in place without reclassifying broadband under title II of the  Communications Act. The District of Columbia Circuit Court proceeded to  invalidate those rules and said to the Federal Communications  Commission: Here is how you can do it, and it will not be struck down.  Here is a smart way for you to put net neutrality on the books, which  will make it legal.   So the Federal Communications Commission, in correctly reading the  court decision, went back, and in 2015 adopted the open internet order,  which reclassified broadband as a telecommunications service under  title II--under this ability to regulate. They did it, and the circuit  court of appeals upheld the rules in a 2016 decision.   There it is: instructed by the court how to do it, follow the  instructions, implement, done. It is now baked into the personality of  the internet to have openness. The apertures are there for anyone to be  able to get on, not to be discriminated against. That is what the  internet should be like in the 21st century.   Title II is appropriate because it was Congress's intent to preserve  the FCC's  [[Page S6249]]  authority to forestall threats to competition and innovation in  telecommunications services, even as those technologies used to offer  those services evolve over time.   We are not locked into one period of technology. As it evolves, so,  too, does an evolution occur in terms of what openness means--the  ability of everyone to be able to use the internet without being  discriminated against.   Broadband has become the single most important telecommunications  service Americans use to transmit information to one another, and it  has become clear that innovators, businesses, and consumers  overwhelmingly view broadband as a telecommunications service.   This is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only  exception being big telecommunications lobbyists and lawyers who work  to close this internet, who want to stop this incredible,  entrepreneurial, democracy-enhancing set of rules that exists to ensure  that this communications mechanism is not controlled by just a small  number of companies.   Ajit Pai has said that he likes net neutrality, but he thinks it  should be voluntary. But voluntary regulations will not work. We know  that the broadband industry--your cable, your wireless, your  telecommunications provider--cannot regulate themselves. They struggle  to even show up on time to install or fix your service.   Do we really trust the broadband industry to resist leveraging their  internet gatekeeper role and putting their online competitors at an  unfair disadvantage? Of course not.   Americans have made their voices heard about net neutrality. More  than 22 million Americans have written to the Federal Communications  Commission in the past several months, sending a clear message of  support for net neutrality. Hear that again: 22 million Americans sent  a message to the Federal Communications Commission that they do not  want to see a change in the net neutrality rules for our country. Yet  Ajit Pai will not listen. His plan will allow broadband providers to  stifle innovation, stifle entrepreneurship. His plan will allow big  broadband barons to crush competition, reduce choice, and then make  consumers pay more.   We cannot allow this to happen. That is why this vote we are about to  take is so important. That is why I urge my colleagues to stand up for  consumers and to vote no on Ajit Pai's nomination to be the Chairman of  the Federal Communications Commission.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   