 Madam President, I support the nomination of George  Sonny Perdue to be the next Secretary of Agriculture. While I have  reservations about some of his record and views, particularly about  climate change, Governor Perdue has expressed the collaborative spirit  that I believe will make him an effective Secretary and partner to  Congress in our effort to support America's farmers and rural  communities.   During his confirmation hearing, Governor Perdue committed to support  issues of great importance to Maryland: the Chesapeake Bay,  conservation programs, agricultural research, and rural development.  Governor Perdue recognized the Chesapeake Bay as a national priority.  He acknowledged that it is essential for USDA to work with State and  local governments, as well as landowners, on conservation and bay  protection. He agreed to work with Congress and the States to dedicate  appropriate resources to nutrient reduction and water quality  improvements in the bay. I also encouraged him to work with me to  support small- and medium-sized farms and to keep our 1,890  Historically Black Colleges and Universities strong, and he committed  to do so.   Governor Perdue voiced support for the critical Federal assistance  that the Department's rural development agency provides to rural  communities in Maryland and the Nation as a whole. He also committed to  working with Congress to improve broadband and telecommunications  infrastructure in rural America.   Governor Perdue faces a budget that cuts the Department 21 percent,  completely eliminates the Water and wastewater loan program and reduces  staffing at USDA service center agencies. The budget's $17.9 billion  cut would harm those the Department serves and the people who work  there. I expect Governor Perdue to keep his word to be a forceful  advocate for his Department.   I have concerns about ethics controversies during Mr. Perdue's tenure  as Governor of Georgia and his climate change skepticism. If the Senate  confirms Governor Perdue, I will pay close attention to his actions as  Secretary. Governor Perdue has made a number of commitments to support  agriculture and environmental conservation in Maryland, and I intend to  hold him to them.   