 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands for her leadership, along with my colleague from Texas, because  both of them have demonstrated real clear leadership for the  Congressional Black Caucus and the leadership of our chairman, Cedric  Richmond. So I thank both of them publicly for what they have done and  all of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus.   Mr. Speaker, we have a lot to lose under the Trump administration. It  has been very clear, as has been stated by all of my colleagues, from  healthcare to food policy, to education, to affordable housing, the  President and his party continue to look for ways to take away what we  have come to know as fundamental programs behind building stronger  neighborhoods.   Our Nation is facing challenging times and we simply cannot afford to  carry on business as usual. From the nooses found at the Smithsonian  National Museum of African American History and Culture to the racial  slur spray-painted on LeBron James' house during the NBA finals and  attacks against Jewish community centers and vandalism in Jewish  cemeteries, our country and our globe are sadly seeing horrific  increases in discrimination and racially biased incidents.   Dr. King always said: We have come over here in different boats, but  we are now in the same boat.   I really mean just that. Think about it: an attack against one of us  is an attack against all of us. We know we have come a long way in our  fight against racial intolerance and hate in our country, but our  journey continues. It doesn't matter if you are Black, Jewish,  Hispanic, or LGBT. We are stronger together when we celebrate both our  similarities and our differences.   When we watch the news, it is incredibly upsetting to see what is  still happening in 2017. A little over a week ago at the Smithsonian  National Museum of African American History and Culture here in D.C.,  we found another noose on the Smithsonian grounds. The museum's  founding director said: ``It is a painful reminder of the challenges  that African Americans continue to face.''   We know that we are not only seeing violence and intolerance against  the African-American community, but it is everywhere. This year at the  Mount Carmel Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery just outside of my district in  northeast Philadelphia, countless tombstones were toppled and  vandalized. Days after this, the JCC in Wynnewood in my district  received a bomb threat.   These are just a few of the truly cowardly acts of violence taking  place in our neighborhoods, yet our Attorney General, Jeff Sessions,  and the President claim to be tough on crime. They want to put more  people in cities behind bars.   This weekend, Mr. Speaker, I was the keynote speaker at Gaudenzia, an  addiction treatment and recovery center in my district. The graduates  are some of the strongest individuals in our city, and their stories of  perseverance and hard work are truly inspiring. I always say: Where you  start is not where you end up.   Throughout my career, I have been dedicated to trying to find ways to  build stronger neighborhoods block by block. To do this, we have to  make good jobs, great schools, and access to healthcare a reality.   We know the tradition and reentry back into our neighborhoods isn't  always easy. In Philadelphia, ShopRite supermarket is hiring to give  good-paying jobs to those who formerly were incarcerated. The company  estimates they have given over 500 jobs to formerly incarcerated  individuals. This is the result in one city.   Sadly, we know that racism and bigotry are still a factor in our  communities. We have to confront this head-on. As the Congressional  Black Caucus  [[Page H4844]]  collectively stands here today, we will not accept what is taking  place. We are prepared to face these challenges, and we are asking  others to join us because we recognize that we can move this country  forward, but it will take all of us.   So what we are doing here today is raising the awareness because we  must have this conversation in a public way. We must deal with this  issue of racism, noninclusion, and discrimination. No longer can we  accept this.   Mr. Speaker, I say to you today: As a member of the Congressional  Black Caucus, we are prepared to do our part.   