 Mr. Chair, I would like to point out for the Record  that  [[Page H2139]]  both Mr. Walz and Mr. Wenstrup are both veterans, and we are so  grateful for their service to our country in so many different ways.   Mr. Chair, it was our first commander-in-chief, George Washington,  who said, and I paraphrase, that we can never expect young men and  women to rise to the occasion to fight for our country and for our  freedom unless we take care of those who have already sacrificed on the  battlefield. So the wonderful thing about serving on the Committee for  Veterans Affairs, Mr. Chair, is that it is completely bipartisan.   This is all about our veterans. We just love them in the State of  Maine--66,000 veterans strong in our Second District of Maine, Mr.  Chair. We have one of the highest percentages of our population that  are veterans in the country, and we are very, very proud of that.   I must say that, in my dealings with Togus--which is, by the way, Mr.  Chair, the first military hospital in the country. It is about 150  years old now. They set up to take care of our Civil War veterans about  150 years ago.   In any event, in talking with the folks at Togus, they made it very  clear to me, Mr. Chair, that one of their biggest problems they have,  and it is ongoing, is: How do we hire quickly and retain the best  quality doctors, nurses, and medical technicians to care for our  heroes?   That is why I am so excited and grateful for this opportunity to vote  for H.R. 1367, because it helps solve one of these problems. It removes  red tape in the hiring process. It streamlines the hiring process.   The Veterans Administration has about 360,000 employees, so it is a  very large organization. When that happens, of course, you need to deal  with administrative burdens and red tape and what have you.   So I am encouraging all of my fellow colleagues here, Republicans and  Democrats, to make sure they vote for this bill, H.R. 1367, because our  best fought for us, Mr. Chair, our best fought for us. It is time that  our best take care of those who fought for us.   