 Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleagues  tonight because this Nation stands at a precipice--on the verge of a  tragic mistake, about to embark on a travesty that mocks the democratic  process. Truly, the combination of secrecy and speed are a toxic recipe  in our democracy. Secrecy and speed will bring us recklessly over the  edge of that precipice to tragic mistakes that belie and betray the  people of America and the values that we all share in this Chamber,  because they are basic to the American way of life.   Healthcare is a right, and it should be recognized as a right. The  goal of extensive and comprehensive insurance coverage has to be,  ultimately, a goal that we share in common, but, right now, we are  speeding secretly toward a betrayal of American values and even of our  constitutional duties. I am deeply disappointed that the secrecy  employed by my colleagues has brought us, recklessly and reprehensibly,  to the verge of gutting the Affordable Care Act.   The absence of hearings before the committee, the absence of public  debate, the absence of any text of a bill that can be debated and  offered for public comment leaves us without the democratic bedrock  principle of listening to the people of America and listening to the  people who are most affected, who know the most--the experts and the  patients. In fact, it is the patients who deserve to be heard here  perhaps most of all. Yet my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  seemingly will go to any length to suppress the cruelty that lies in  their alleged healthcare bill. President Trump has called it mean, and  that is an understatement. It is cruel beyond words and costly in lives  and in dollars and cents because it will deepen and worsen healthcare  issues that can be prevented and made curable or more palatable.    Let's be clear. This secrecy--a small group of men making decisions  about our entire healthcare system, with no input from women, from  Medicaid beneficiaries, from people with substance use disorders, from  patients struggling with mental health illness, or struggling with any  disease at all--is irresponsible and deadly and truly cruel and costly  to our democracy.   The way these discussions have been done are a stain on this body and  a slap in the face to every American who relies on us to make decisions  that are in the best interests of their family as well as themselves.  My colleagues seemingly would prefer to ram and rush a deeply flawed  and unpopular bill through this body, ignoring the needs and will of  the people they represent. That is a sad day in this Chamber.   We need public hearings, not for their own sake, not for our sake but  for the individual recovering from substance use disorder thanks to  Medicaid; for the mother of a little girl with a preexisting condition,  terrified of how she will pay for her care and able to do so now  because of the Affordable Care Act; for the woman who is at a Planned  Parenthood clinic today receiving a mammogram and other cancer  screenings and other preventive healthcare testing, as well as men,  because of the coverage provided to them by Medicaid and the Affordable  Care Act. Defunding Planned Parenthood, risking, again, preexisting  conditions, eliminating the guarantee of essential health benefits,  such as maternity care, is a war on women's healthcare and a disservice  to our democracy done in secrecy.   My colleagues across the aisle may succeed in gutting our Nation's  healthcare system, but the people who pay the highest price will be  ordinary Americans, working men and women and their families who now  have healthcare coverage to prevent more serious illness and who will  now go without it.   Secrecy is the reason I convened an emergency field hearing on  healthcare today in Connecticut, on very short notice--literally 24, 48  hours--and people came from across Connecticut at 9 a.m. on a Monday  morning. My staff did yeoman's work putting together the logistics. The  outpouring of anxiety and anger was remarkable, as was the eloquence  and power of the insights offered by people about their own situations  as well as about others whose interests they advocate. Many decided to  stay and stand, even though the room afforded inadequate numbers of  seats for everyone. It was standing room only, and they literally  streamed out the door. The stories they told are worth hearing, and we  have an obligation to listen to these Americans.   I told them I would personally bring their voices and their faces to  this Chamber, to the floor of the U.S. Senate. In the coming days, that  is exactly what I will do because people need to hear the story of a  beautiful young woman who now is incapacitated because she suffered  from an overdose after seeking treatment, and the effect on others  similarly seeking treatment will be so dire and damaging if coverage  for addiction treatment and abuse treatment is eliminated.   They need to hear the story of Sean, who similarly sought to overcome  a substance abuse problem. They need to hear about individuals who  would suffer from preexisting conditions. Those stories are what I will  be recounting in the coming days, as I share word for word their fears,  their anxiety and apprehension, and their worry for America about what  will happen if the Affordable Care Act is repealed and gutted.   We must build on that act. We must improve its defects and make sure  it is worthy of the great goals we share but not destroy it or decimate  it, and building on it, acting constructively, coming together is what  we owe the American people.   The folks who came today to the State capitol in Hartford at my  emergency healthcare hearing recognized that if they fail to stand up  for Planned Parenthood or mental health or those people with  preexisting conditions or Medicaid or their loved one who is battling a  dreadful disease, no one will.   I am so proud of them and the people of Connecticut who have spoken  up and stood up for the Affordable Care Act, and I am proud to bring  their voices to the U.S. Senate--literally bring their voices here, as  I will do over the coming days, as I read into the Record and put in  the Record their testimony. I will hold a second hearing, probably  later this week, because we couldn't hear from everyone who came to  speak out and stand up.   I hope my Republican colleagues will stop their denial, cease  ignoring and disregarding those voices, and come to listen to them  instead and recognize they cannot conceal the fact that the Affordable  Care Act has helped our Nation's health.   Gutting it without any hearings or public debate is unconscionable  and reprehensible. It is a move they will regret. I stand ready to  build on the great strides made by the Affordable Care Act, and I hope  my colleagues are ready to do the same.   If this Chamber proceeds down this reckless and reprehensible path of  secrecy and speed toward repeal and gutting the Affordable Care Act, I  promise to do everything in my power and use every tool at our disposal  to stop this process. We cannot go about normal business in the U.S.  Senate while so many back in our States demand that we fight, and we  must fight.   I will stand with hundreds of thousands in Connecticut who will lose  their insurance--more than 220,000. I  [[Page S3589]]  will stand with the people of Connecticut who will lose billions of  dollars in investment in healthcare. I will stand with more than 20,000  people in Connecticut and 1 million around the country who will lose  jobs. According to a study recently done by the Commonwealth Fund, job  losses are inevitably the result, at some point in the future, of  gutting this program. I will stand with the people of America and my  colleagues who will resist--indeed, resist--this secrecy and speed that  so disserves the values and betrays the ethos and traditions of this  body.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.    Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleagues  tonight because this Nation stands at a precipice--on the verge of a  tragic mistake, about to embark on a travesty that mocks the democratic  process. Truly, the combination of secrecy and speed are a toxic recipe  in our democracy. Secrecy and speed will bring us recklessly over the  edge of that precipice to tragic mistakes that belie and betray the  people of America and the values that we all share in this Chamber,  because they are basic to the American way of life.   Healthcare is a right, and it should be recognized as a right. The  goal of extensive and comprehensive insurance coverage has to be,  ultimately, a goal that we share in common, but, right now, we are  speeding secretly toward a betrayal of American values and even of our  constitutional duties. I am deeply disappointed that the secrecy  employed by my colleagues has brought us, recklessly and reprehensibly,  to the verge of gutting the Affordable Care Act.   The absence of hearings before the committee, the absence of public  debate, the absence of any text of a bill that can be debated and  offered for public comment leaves us without the democratic bedrock  principle of listening to the people of America and listening to the  people who are most affected, who know the most--the experts and the  patients. In fact, it is the patients who deserve to be heard here  perhaps most of all. Yet my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  seemingly will go to any length to suppress the cruelty that lies in  their alleged healthcare bill. President Trump has called it mean, and  that is an understatement. It is cruel beyond words and costly in lives  and in dollars and cents because it will deepen and worsen healthcare  issues that can be prevented and made curable or more palatable.    Let's be clear. This secrecy--a small group of men making decisions  about our entire healthcare system, with no input from women, from  Medicaid beneficiaries, from people with substance use disorders, from  patients struggling with mental health illness, or struggling with any  disease at all--is irresponsible and deadly and truly cruel and costly  to our democracy.   The way these discussions have been done are a stain on this body and  a slap in the face to every American who relies on us to make decisions  that are in the best interests of their family as well as themselves.  My colleagues seemingly would prefer to ram and rush a deeply flawed  and unpopular bill through this body, ignoring the needs and will of  the people they represent. That is a sad day in this Chamber.   We need public hearings, not for their own sake, not for our sake but  for the individual recovering from substance use disorder thanks to  Medicaid; for the mother of a little girl with a preexisting condition,  terrified of how she will pay for her care and able to do so now  because of the Affordable Care Act; for the woman who is at a Planned  Parenthood clinic today receiving a mammogram and other cancer  screenings and other preventive healthcare testing, as well as men,  because of the coverage provided to them by Medicaid and the Affordable  Care Act. Defunding Planned Parenthood, risking, again, preexisting  conditions, eliminating the guarantee of essential health benefits,  such as maternity care, is a war on women's healthcare and a disservice  to our democracy done in secrecy.   My colleagues across the aisle may succeed in gutting our Nation's  healthcare system, but the people who pay the highest price will be  ordinary Americans, working men and women and their families who now  have healthcare coverage to prevent more serious illness and who will  now go without it.   Secrecy is the reason I convened an emergency field hearing on  healthcare today in Connecticut, on very short notice--literally 24, 48  hours--and people came from across Connecticut at 9 a.m. on a Monday  morning. My staff did yeoman's work putting together the logistics. The  outpouring of anxiety and anger was remarkable, as was the eloquence  and power of the insights offered by people about their own situations  as well as about others whose interests they advocate. Many decided to  stay and stand, even though the room afforded inadequate numbers of  seats for everyone. It was standing room only, and they literally  streamed out the door. The stories they told are worth hearing, and we  have an obligation to listen to these Americans.   I told them I would personally bring their voices and their faces to  this Chamber, to the floor of the U.S. Senate. In the coming days, that  is exactly what I will do because people need to hear the story of a  beautiful young woman who now is incapacitated because she suffered  from an overdose after seeking treatment, and the effect on others  similarly seeking treatment will be so dire and damaging if coverage  for addiction treatment and abuse treatment is eliminated.   They need to hear the story of Sean, who similarly sought to overcome  a substance abuse problem. They need to hear about individuals who  would suffer from preexisting conditions. Those stories are what I will  be recounting in the coming days, as I share word for word their fears,  their anxiety and apprehension, and their worry for America about what  will happen if the Affordable Care Act is repealed and gutted.   We must build on that act. We must improve its defects and make sure  it is worthy of the great goals we share but not destroy it or decimate  it, and building on it, acting constructively, coming together is what  we owe the American people.   The folks who came today to the State capitol in Hartford at my  emergency healthcare hearing recognized that if they fail to stand up  for Planned Parenthood or mental health or those people with  preexisting conditions or Medicaid or their loved one who is battling a  dreadful disease, no one will.   I am so proud of them and the people of Connecticut who have spoken  up and stood up for the Affordable Care Act, and I am proud to bring  their voices to the U.S. Senate--literally bring their voices here, as  I will do over the coming days, as I read into the Record and put in  the Record their testimony. I will hold a second hearing, probably  later this week, because we couldn't hear from everyone who came to  speak out and stand up.   I hope my Republican colleagues will stop their denial, cease  ignoring and disregarding those voices, and come to listen to them  instead and recognize they cannot conceal the fact that the Affordable  Care Act has helped our Nation's health.   Gutting it without any hearings or public debate is unconscionable  and reprehensible. It is a move they will regret. I stand ready to  build on the great strides made by the Affordable Care Act, and I hope  my colleagues are ready to do the same.   If this Chamber proceeds down this reckless and reprehensible path of  secrecy and speed toward repeal and gutting the Affordable Care Act, I  promise to do everything in my power and use every tool at our disposal  to stop this process. We cannot go about normal business in the U.S.  Senate while so many back in our States demand that we fight, and we  must fight.   I will stand with hundreds of thousands in Connecticut who will lose  their insurance--more than 220,000. I  [[Page S3589]]  will stand with the people of Connecticut who will lose billions of  dollars in investment in healthcare. I will stand with more than 20,000  people in Connecticut and 1 million around the country who will lose  jobs. According to a study recently done by the Commonwealth Fund, job  losses are inevitably the result, at some point in the future, of  gutting this program. I will stand with the people of America and my  colleagues who will resist--indeed, resist--this secrecy and speed that  so disserves the values and betrays the ethos and traditions of this  body.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   