 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and the  ranking member and all of my colleagues who have worked so hard on this  bill over the last several months. These appropriations bills are  taking a long time to get through the process. A lot of times, we don't  realize all the hard work. So I want to thank all of my colleagues for  their work and all the staff that have had great input into it.   I want to echo what a lot of my other colleagues have said about this  bill. As chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I understand that,  while the bill is not perfect--and, as has just been mentioned, no bill  that we vote on is perfect--there are significant wins for agriculture,  the food sector, and for rural America.   I wish that we had been able to include relief for the cotton  growers. Also, regulatory relief for harm reduction products related to  tobacco.   Members from rural districts with agriculture constituents like I  have in Alabama can be very proud of the bill's accomplishments for  rural America. It provides necessary relief for American farmers and  ranchers who are experiencing a 50 percent reduction in income from 4  years ago.   We have been able to provide targeted increases for a few high- priority programs. The bill directs funding for rural communities,  bolsters U.S. agriculture, maintains food and drug safety, ensures  sound markets, and provides nutrition for children, families, and  seniors at home and abroad.   There is increased oversight of nutrition programs, and there are  provisions to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse, including closing a  loophole to prevent fraudulent SNAP participation in multiple States.   The bill also includes a prohibition on gene editing of human  embryos. This is a tremendous victory for those who are concerned about  life.   In this bill, we stop additional Obama administration school meal  regulations from being implemented by keeping the school meal sodium  standards at the current target 1 level, we continue to have the whole  grain waiver for schools that are having difficulty meeting that  standard, and we allow flexibility in schools in serving low-fat  flavored milk to students.   Furthermore, this is exactly what the new Secretary of Agriculture,  Sonny Perdue, announced USDA will be implementing for the 2017-2018  school year.   The agriculture portion of this bill also contains important  provisions that further the President's Buy American, Hire American  initiatives. If we are to build infrastructure in America, then we need  to spend dollars that support jobs right here in America instead of  utilizing iron and steel made in Russia and China.   I am happy to support this bill, understanding that we have an  opportunity in FY 2018 to craft bills that will be more fiscally and  socially conservative. I look forward to working with the chairman and  my colleagues as we go forward.    