 Mr. President, I would like to take a short break from  talking about the tax bill to talking about something equally as  important and much more poignant.   I will first recognize and honor fellow Americans serving overseas in  our military--men and women dedicating their time and effort to keep  our country safe. Working far from home and often in danger, every day  they risk their lives to defend our freedoms.   Today, I will talk about one in particular, U.S. Naval Airman Matthew  Chialastri, who not only risked his life but gave his life.   Matthew was born and raised in Louisiana. He graduated as the  valedictorian from Woodlawn High School in Baton Rouge, class of 2013.  There, he was a member of the JROTC Program, and after graduating, he  chose to enlist in the Navy.   After completing his training, he began his Active-Duty service with  Patrol Squadron 30, a P-8 training squadron. Then he served aboard the  aircraft carrier USS America, from December 2015 to October of this  year. He was then sent to Commander Fleet Activities in Japan to begin  preparing to join the USS Ronald Reagan. During the course of his  service, he earned the National Defense Ribbon and the Navy Battle  ``E'' Ribbon.   Sadly, on November 22, during a transport flight to the USS Ronald  Reagan, Matthew's cargo plane was forced to make an emergency landing  in the Philippine Sea. Eight survived. Three did not. Matthew and two  of his fellow Navy servicemen lost their lives in service to our  country.   This is a terrible tragedy. Our hearts go out to Matthew's family-- his mother, Marty, and father, Phillip, his fellow sailors, and his  friends in Louisiana. We grieve with them.   As one of his former high school classmates said, Matthew could have  had any scholarship he ever wanted to any school. He could have gone  anywhere he wanted. He just believed that serving our country was  first. That was his everything. Others who knew him described Matthew  as smart, dedicated, and a strong leader. They said he could always  make those around him laugh with his dry sense of humor and smile.   As Americans, we mourn the loss of Naval Airman Matthew Chialastri.  As folks from Louisiana, we mourn the loss of one of our own, but we  honor his memory and the example he set for those of us who benefited  from his willingness to sacrifice. We thank him for choosing to serve,  for his sacrifice. We are forever grateful.   I yield the floor.   