 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 720, the  Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. This bill is supposedly aimed at  preventing frivolous litigation, but it would, in fact, generate a  whole new set of litigation, further clogging our overburdened Federal  courts.   Under rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a court may  impose sanctions on a party that files a frivolous case or motion. A  party subject to a rule 11 violation has a 21-day safe harbor period to  withdraw or correct its filing, and sanctions are purely discretionary.  This rule serves a vital role in maintaining the integrity of our legal  system without creating a chilling effect on presenting novel claims.  Judges, when they see frivolous suits, can sanction them and do.   This bill, however, would restore a failed version of rule 11 that  was enacted by the Judicial Conference in 1983, but which was repealed  10 years later because it led to disastrous results. Under this bill,  sanctions would be mandatory whenever a court rules that rule 11 has  been violated. The safe harbor period, when filings can be withdrawn or  corrected, would be eliminated.   We do not have to speculate about what would happen as a result of  this bill because we have a decade of experience that shows us how  catastrophic it would be and was. Under the 1983 rule, which this bill  would restore, rule 11 battles became a routine part of civil  litigation, affecting one-third of all cases. Rather than serving as a  disincentive, the old rule 11 actually made the system even more  litigious.   In the decade following the 1983 amendments, there were almost 7,000  reported rule 11 cases, becoming part of approximately one-third of all  Federal civil lawsuits. Civil cases effectively became two cases, one  on the merits and the other on a set of dueling rule 11 allegations by  both parties. The drain on the courts and the parties' resources caused  the Judicial Conference to revisit the rule and adopt the changes that  this bill would now have us undo.   More troubling was the 1983 rule's impact on civil rights cases,  which are often based on novel claims that require significant  discovery to establish. A 1991 Federal Judicial Center study found that  whereas civil rights cases made up 11.4 percent of Federal cases filed,  they constituted 22.7 percent of the cases in which sanctions were  imposed. If we return to the old rule, we could see a chilling effect  in which untested, but no less valid, civil rights claims are never  brought for fear of sanctions.   The courts have ample authority to sanction conduct that undermines  the integrity of our legal system. But this legislation is not just a  solution in search of a problem. By taking us back to a time when rule  11 actually promoted routine, costly, and unnecessary litigation, this  bill is a cure worse than the disease.   Given that we already know this bill will be a failure, one wonders  how it would survive its own rule 11 motion if Congress had such a  thing. The courts, having tried it for 10 years with disastrous  results, rightly rejected this approach 20 years ago, and we should  reject it again. I urge a ``no'' vote.   