 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my  Republican colleague from Maine, Senator Susan Collins, for her work on  this legislation. In addition to her excellent work on the Intelligence  Committee, her experience in homeland security and critical  infrastructure was absolutely critical to the drafting of this  legislation.   As current members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, we  are continuing to work on the investigation into Russian interference  in the 2016 Presidential election. Yesterday, our committee held an  important open hearing where we had representatives from companies such  as Facebook, Google, and Twitter. We know that Russian Government- linked actors purchased online advertisements last year in order to  influence voters and, frankly, in order to divide Americans.  Additionally, Russia used bots and trolls to spread misinformation and  division organically through social media networks.   While the President has labeled reports of these ads as a ``hoax,''  now that Facebook has actually released many of those ads and  acknowledged their extensive reach last year, I hope we can all agree  that this is a problem which we must solve before future election  cycles.   I have called on the Federal Election Commission to consider new  guidance on how online advertisement platforms can better prevent  foreign nationals from illicitly spending in future U.S. elections. I  certainly support legislation to require the same transparency for  online political ads that we currently enjoy for television or print or  radio ads. These are simple, straightforward steps we can and must take  to protect the sanctity of our democracy.   We also know, based on intelligence assessments, that as part of  Russia's larger hostile effort to interfere in last year's election,  Russian actors targeted State election voting centers and State-level  voting registration databases--the very heart of the infrastructure we  all rely on for free and fair elections. In my view, these intrusions  demonstrate a troubling vulnerability to potential future cyber attacks  and manipulations by foreign hackers of our elections and our  democratic process.   Our democracy fundamentally hinges on protecting the rights of  Americans to be able to fairly choose their own leaders. That is why I  am proud to be partnering with Senator Collins in introducing the  bipartisan Securing America's Voting Equipment Act, or the SAVE Act, to  provide increased security for American election systems. I am proud to  join Senator Collins on the floor today to demonstrate our commitment  to being able to move forward in a bipartisan and pragmatic way to find  solutions to protect the integrity of that voting process.   Our bipartisan legislation would permanently designate State-run  election systems as ``critical infrastructure,'' and it would require  the Department of Homeland Security to create a Federal grant program  to help States upgrade the physical, electronic, and even the  administrative components of their voting systems and develop those  best practices that Senator Collins mentioned in her speech earlier.   The SAVE Act would also require the Director of National Intelligence  to sponsor security clearances to the officials responsible for the  administration and certification of Federal elections in each State-- usually our secretaries of state. The Director of National Intelligence  would then share all appropriate classified information with those  State officials to help them protect their election systems from these  kinds of security threats.   Finally, the SAVE Act would create a Federal competition that would  award computer programmers who discover vulnerabilities in nonactive  voting systems so that the equipment and the software vendors can work  to fix those vulnerabilities.   The SAVE Act does not aim to tell States how to conduct their  elections or what policies or procedures or equipment is best where  they are; rather, this bill is designed to facilitate information  sharing with States, to provide guidelines on how best to secure those  systems, and to allow States to access funds to develop solutions and  implement best practices in response to these threats.   I consulted closely with my own Secretary of State from New Mexico,  Secretary of State Maggie Toulouse Oliver, in drafting this legislation  to ensure that it provides the security measures State election  officials need to keep our voting systems secure. I commend Secretary  Toulouse Oliver for her tremendous leadership in the effort to  safeguard election infrastructure at the State level.   We are at a critical juncture in the Russia investigation in which  the public is beginning to see the tactical evidence of how the Kremlin  sought to influence our elections and divide our populous. Until we set  up stronger protections of our election systems and take the necessary  steps to prevent future foreign influence campaigns, our Nation's  democratic institutions will remain vulnerable. But we have the tools  to fix those vulnerabilities. I look forward to working with Senator  Collins and all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure  that we do that.   Thank you, Mr. President.   