 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Denton, Texas (Mr.  Burgess) for yielding me time to speak about my bill, H.R. 309, the  National Clinical Care Commission Act, a bipartisan bill that received  unanimous support in the last Congress and was cosponsored by over half  of my House colleagues.   It had this level of support because our Nation faces an epidemic.  Diabetes or prediabetes affects over 100 million Americans. Nearly one  in three of our neighbors is affected. This is in addition to all of  the Americans whose diseases fall under complex metabolic, autoimmune,  or insulin-resistant diseases.   When I first came to Congress in 2009, it was crystal clear that we  had a big problem. The benefits of all the Federal research dollars  going into these diseases were simply not making their way to patients.  Researchers at the NIH, the CDC, the FDA, and even DOD weren't sharing  diabetes research.   It was clear to me in 2009, and it is clear today in 2017, that we  need a laser-like focus on improving patient care by pursuing a strong  Federal focus on research.   My bill accomplishes that goal by creating a national clinical care  commission comprised of doctors who specialize in diabetes care for  patients. This commission will have 3 years to strengthen their  partnership between Federal stakeholders and health professionals, who  will bring hands-on clinical experience to improve care.   This is not a new, unending bureaucracy. After 3 years, this  commission will sunset. In 3 years, it will be gone.   We have already made a huge investment of taxpayer dollars into  research. It is time for us to leverage that investment and translate  that into meaningful prevention and effective treatment options.   So today, I ask my colleagues to again help those who suffer from  diabetes or other complex metabolic and autoimmune disorders by voting  for H.R. 309.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I reserve the balance of my time in case someone shows up.   