 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Peoria. Well,  maybe not exactly Peoria, but Bradley University.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of the most decent, patriotic  Americans with whom I have ever served in any legislative body. I had  the great honor of being Bob Michel's friend, the great honor of being  his colleague, and the great honor of believing that what Bob Michel  represented in this Congress was the best of us, the most decent of us,  the most considerate of us, and deeply committed to his country and  [[Page H1344]]  respectful of those with whom he served, perhaps differing with them,  but, nevertheless, deeply respectful of his colleagues. He and Tip  O'Neill were good friends. They could argue their side and their  policies vigorously but be the best of friends after we adjourned that  day.   I thank my colleague from Illinois for leading this tribute, and I  rise to join in remembering this great man, a great American leader,  Bob Michel.   Mr. Speaker, Bob's entire life was given to service to his country.  From his time in the Army as an infantryman on the front lines of the  fight for democracy in the Second World War to his long career in  government, Leader Michel sought to make America and the world safer  and to protect the American Dream for all of our people.   Mr. Speaker, I did not want to lose the majority in 1994, but when we  lost, I lamented the fact that Bob Michel did not become the Speaker of  the House of Representatives. In my opinion, if he had, America would  be a more civil place today and this body would be a more collegial  body than it is.   I want to congratulate the gentleman who represents Bob Michel's  district now, succeeding in that office, his father, who is a very dear  and close friend of mine. All three of them represented the best of  that which America hopes would serve it well.   Bob Michel and I didn't always agree on policy, Mr. Speaker, but as  colleagues, we worked together to reach consensus and achieve results.  I remember in 1989 when Tony Coelho and I were working to pass the  House's version of what would become the landmark Americans with  Disabilities Act. It was Bob Michel who saw how important this  legislation would be and asked my friend, Steve Bartlett from Texas to  work with me, from the Republican side of the aisle, to achieve a  bipartisan version that could become law. That is how Bob Michel  operated.   This House would be a better House if we followed the example of Bob  Michel. He saw a problem and looked for a way we could come together  around a compromised solution, not focused first on confrontation. His  decency and friendliness were as evident as his seriousness as a  legislator.   As Republican whip and leader, he set an example of how to lead an  effective opposition based not on obstruction, but on identifying ways  to work together to achieve common goals. To that extent, and in so  many other ways, as I have said, Bob Michel represented the best of us.   Now, Bob, Mr. Speaker, could be tough. He could be really tough. He  knew how to defend his party's interests and advance its goals in the  minority. But Bob believed strongly that we who are sent here by our  constituents have, first and foremost, a responsibility to make policy,  not to play politics. And that is how Bob Michel served--by always,  always, always putting country first. Mr. Speaker, I hope his example  will be an inspiration to all who serve today.   I join in extending my condolences to Bob's children--Scott, Bruce,  Robin, and Laurie--and the entire Michel family. I join the people of  Illinois' 18th District in mourning the man who was their champion for  so many years. Illinois, this House, and our country lost a great  light, but one, I hope, that will continue to shine through its  reflection in those whom Bob Michel inspired. I was one of those. We  will miss him. There aren't enough Bob Michels.   