 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business.    Mr. President, 20 is the number of bomb threats that were  called into Jewish institutions in our communities across the country  yesterday--in just 1 day. In Alabama, Delaware, Michigan, Maryland,  Virginia, and in my home State of Hawaii, in my Temple Emanu-El, where  I grew up and was bar mitzvahed. No one wants to be the parent who  picks up the phone and finds out that they need to pick up their child  from school because people are threatening violence--and all because of  their faith.   Since 2017 began, 100 bomb threats have been called into Jewish  schools and Jewish community centers. It sounds like it is from another  time, but this is what rising anti-Semitism looks like in our country.  Granted, we knew weird stuff was happening: Pepe, David Dukes--this is  not normal America. But now the threat of violence is real. It is  coming through the phone lines of American schools every day, and it is  loud and clear. This rising threat demands leadership. It demands that  we regularly and quickly denounce anti-Semitism and do everything we  can do to stop it from growing. But that is not what we have seen so  far from this administration.   Now, the baseline expectation of an unequivocal, quick and regular  disavowal of rising anti-Semitic or anti-Muslim rhetoric from the  leader of the free world is no longer being met. Instead, we have to  extract it from the administration. We have to ask for it when it  doesn't come. We have to ask when it is coming. What is even sadder is  that this administration has avoided any opportunity--even the easy  ones, even the most obvious ones--to stand against anti-Semitism.   Just over a month ago, the world marked International Holocaust  Remembrance Day. The White House put out a statement without a single  mention of the 6 million Jews who were killed in the Holocaust. Here is  the crazy thing: The first draft mentioned Jews. The State Department  drafted the initial statement which mentioned Jews, like every  Holocaust Remembrance Day statement before it did. Then it went to the  White House where someone thought: Let's make edits. Let's remove  mention of Jews from a statement about International Holocaust  Remembrance Day. This was someone's decision. It was an intentional  decision. Who would decide that, and why would that be done?   Why remove the mention of Jews? It is like mentioning slavery and not  mentioning African Americans. It is like mentioning internment and not  mentioning Japanese Americans. When you are talking about genocide, it  is not irrelevant to talk about who did it and to whom. It is a  requirement. But the White House didn't mention Jews, and it didn't  apologize when people were rightfully confused. Only now that violence  has been unleashed, that Jewish cemeteries are being desecrated, that  people's children are being threatened on a daily basis are we seeing  the minimum from the White House to recognize the rise of anti-Semitic  sentiments and actions.   I am worried.   Local communities have taken it upon themselves to lead the way and  stand up together. This is what leadership looks like. It looks like  Muslim Americans showing up to cemeteries to help to restore Jewish  headstones. It looks like local police raising money and people taking  time to hold a vigil in solidarity with their Jewish neighbors. There  have been far too many bystanders to the increasing anti-Semitism  across the country. It is long past time to break the silence and to  make it utterly clear that the United States is not a place for hate.  It is un-American to hate Jews or Muslims or strangers in our midst.  That is not who we are or what we stand for. That is not the United  States of America.   This week, as Jewish communities are reviewing bomb threat guidance  and looking at best practices for security, it is up to all of us to  take action and to do everything we can to beat back rising anti- Semitism.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   