 Mr. President, may I inquire how much time remains on  the unanimous consent agreement for this amendment?    Thank you, Mr. President.   I see Senator Menendez from New Jersey has arrived. He is a  cosponsor, together with Senator Cantwell and myself, on this  amendment, and I want to thank Senator Cantwell for her leadership. She  has covered a lot of important points.   The main one is, from the beginning of our Federal Tax Code in 1913,  we have established a principle in the United States to avoid double  taxation. It makes no sense that any citizens of this country send a  dollar of tax to their State governments to help schools or roads in  their State, and then they are turned around and taxed on that same  dollar by the Federal Government, but that is exactly what this  Republican tax plan is doing.   Now, weeks and weeks ago, the Republican leader, Senator McConnell,  and the Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, made these public statements  about how these Republican tax bills weren't going to raise taxes on  anybody. They both had to publicly reverse those statements because, in  order to provide huge tax breaks to the biggest corporations of this  country, this bill will require millions and millions of middle-class  families to increase their taxes, and a main vehicle for doing that is  by removing the deduction for those citizens.   I am just going to give you some quick numbers: 100 million Americans  today use the deduction for State and local taxes. In fact, half of the  families in my State of Maryland use it. Thirty-eight percent of  taxpayers making between $50,000 and $75,000 claim the State and local  deduction. That is 7.6 million households. Fifty-six percent of  taxpayers who make under $100,000 claim the State and local deduction,  and 86 percent of taxpayers making under $200,000 claim the State and  local deduction.   It is wrong to double tax those families in order to provide a huge  tax break for big corporations. Just to add insult to injury, the  corporations in our State still get to deduct their State and local  taxes. We just don't let the people in our State do the same thing.   Let's adopt this amendment.   