 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to Warren  Blaylock, a friend and true public servant who was a lifelong resident  of Crawford County, AR. Warren was a World War II veteran and someone I  admired greatly for the vital role he played in his community for  decades.   Born in 1921, Warren grew up near Alma, AR, and knew the harsh  realities that many Americans encountered during the Great Depression.  He graduated from Alma High School and went on to join the Army during  World War II. During the war, he served as a combat medic with the 67th  Evacuation Hospital. His unit landed at Normandy just days after the  Allied forces stormed the beaches on D-day and went on to follow the  Allies as they marched through Europe. Warren was promoted to first  sergeant while serving in Europe, and he received several awards and  commendations, including two Bronze Stars, the Superior Unit Award, and  the Combat Medical Badge.   I am so thankful for his service alongside so many others in the  ``greatest generation'' as they risked their lives in the defense of  freedom.   Even after he left the service, Warren spent the rest of his life  giving back to his community and advocating for causes he believed in.   After returning home from the war, he attended the University of  Arkansas and earned a bachelor's degree in business. In his  professional life, he was vice president and general manager of the  Derrel Thomas Company in Van Buren, AR. Still, Warren found time to  participate in numerous civic organizations within the community. He  was an active member of the Alma United Methodist Church for decades  and served on the Methodist Health and Rehabilitation Board for 41  years. Additionally, Warren served on various other boards and  organizations and was a pillar in the community. Perhaps most notably,  he was a member of the Rotary Club--first in Van Buren and then in Fort  Smith--for 54 years and maintained perfect attendance. This is just one  example of Warren's dedication to serving and giving back to Arkansas.   While Warren never sought recognition for the work he did on behalf  of his community, his contributions were noticed and recognized by the  city of Alma, as well as on the regional and State levels. He was  inducted into the Arkansas Senior Hall of Fame in 2013. In 2015, I had  the honor of participating in the ceremony where Warren was inducted  into the Arkansas Military Hall of Fame on the basis of his honorable  military service and exceptional State and community service. This was  yet another reminder of how loved and valued Warren was by so many  people whose lives he touched.   As active as he was, Warren always enjoyed spending time on his ranch  tending to his livestock. In fact, he was also a talented auctioneer  who would lend his skills to various charitable auctions and events.   A devoted follower of Christ, a wonderful father and family man, a  respected humanitarian, and a rock within his community, Warren will be  greatly missed by many. We wish his family, friends, and loved ones  comfort as we all mourn his loss, but we also take great joy in knowing  just how profound an impact Warren had on the lives of so many others.  He leaves behind an incredible legacy of love, devotion, and service  that will last for many years to come.   I very much appreciate Warren's service and even more his friendship,  encouragement, and the amazing example he set. I will miss him and the  vital role he played in his community and in Arkansas. He leaves a huge  void that will be hard to fill, but I hope all those who witnessed his  committed service to his fellow man will join me in resolving to live  and love more like Warren as a way to honor him and his legacy.    I yield the floor.   