 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are just about to enter the holiday  season. The traffic is already picking up. We could call it the great  holiday migration that is going to be underway. Millions of people will  be traveling to see their loved ones--their families, their friends-- and they will be visiting by airplane. They are going to get a big  surprise when they head to the airline ticket counter or try to check  in online and face a blizzard of what the airlines call ancillary fees.   For years, many of us on the Commerce Committee have been pushing the  Department of Transportation to adopt rules that would require a  standardized disclosure statement for common airline fees, such as bag  fees, change and cancellation fees, and priority boarding and seating  fees. Comparing this to when one applies for a credit card, there is a  box on the back of the application that shows the annual fee of the  credit card, the interest rate, and any other fees. Consumers have this  so they can compare adequate data to adequate data. We like to call it  comparing apples to apples. Therefore, the consumer can know what it is  they are looking for and choose the credit card they want. So it is a  commonsense solution in the airline business that you would want to do  for consumers, to make sense of all  [[Page S7942]]  those different fees on an airline ticket.    Well, there was some progress on this earlier in the year when the  Department of Transportation proposed a rule to require airlines to  disclose bag fees to consumers when they purchased a ticket. Last week,  however, the White House directed the Department of Transportation--the  administration did this for all of those airline holiday travelers.  They put a big lump of coal in their Christmas stockings when they  abruptly canceled the proposed rule of the Department of Transportation  that you were going to know what those fees were upfront when you  purchased the ticket, along with another rule that would have required  airlines to tell the public how much money the airline is charging for  all the other ancillary fees. Those proposed rules were withdrawn.  Well, that is just not in the interest of the traveling public. That is  not in the interest of consumers, and it should not be any skin off the  airlines' back to just show what the fees are upfront so the consumer  understands that.   Indeed, a new revenue source for the airlines is to have these  additional charges. That is not what this Senator is arguing with, as  long as those fees are properly and clearly disclosed.   Let me give you another example. Last year, on the FAA bill we passed  into law, it required the Department of Transportation to implement two  basic rules to protect airline customers--two very simple rules. The  first was, if you have checked a bag and you have paid the airline a  certain amount of money to check that bag, what happens if your bag  doesn't arrive or if it is delayed beyond a certain number of hours?  Shouldn't the airline, at least, refund that fee you paid for that bag  to be delivered in a timely fashion? Well, it is a pretty simple  concept. If you pay $50 for a checked bag, you expect it to arrive with  you, and if it doesn't, you should get an automatic refund. That is  common sense, but the Department of Transportation hasn't done anything  on that, and it is in the law. It is in the law we passed last year.   I will give you another example. The second requirement we put in  last year's FAA bill is that airlines, when they seat children 13 or  under, put them adjacent to a parent or an older sibling traveling with  them. So the Department of Transportation, earlier in the year,  designed a rule to ensure that parents would not have to fork over  money for a preferred seat just to be able to sit next to their child.   The Department of Transportation was supposed to have finalized both  of these rules by July of this year, but to date they have done  nothing. Consumers traveling during the holidays are going to have the  experience, if your bag doesn't show, since the rule hasn't been put in  place by the Department of Transportation, even though it is the law  that was passed last year--what is going to happen? Passengers with  delayed bags will be losing out on the money they paid to check their  bag, even if it doesn't get to them in a timely fashion.   What is going to happen to the parent with the underaged child? They  are going to be boarding planes wondering if they will be able to beg  someone to give up their seat just to sit next to their child, even  though that may be a preferred seat; in other words, a seat that costs  more money.   Just about everyone else will be left playing airline fee roulette,  not knowing what the new fee is that they are going to have to pay just  to get the basic service. It is so common sense, why do we have to  fight about this? We are not arguing that the airline doesn't have the  right to charge the fee; we just want it disclosed to the person who is  purchasing that ticket. It doesn't have to be the way it is now because  consumers should have a right to know ahead of time what they are  paying, and then they can compare options. When an airline charges a  fee for a service, if they failed to deliver that service, passengers  ought to get their money back. This is called basic fairness, but that  is not what we are seeing out there.   I urge the leadership of the Department of Transportation--Secretary  Chao and her staff--to go ahead and implement those two regulations  that emanate from the law we passed and to do it quickly. I urge the  Department of Transportation to treat airline passengers like they  ought to be treated, which is as valued customers during this holiday  season, as in every season.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   