 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Neal for not  only yielding to me, but for the tremendous leadership that he has  provided throughout this process.   Mr. Speaker, as I listen, there is no doubt in my mind that the vote  we will take tomorrow is going to be one of the most important votes  that I will ever take as a Member of Congress. It is important because  I know that it will affect, in one way or the other, every citizen of  this country.   As I listened to the debate over the last 2 days, I know that America  is at a great crossroads, and that we can either go forward or we can  go backwards.   We can go forward into a new era of job creation, supporting  education for all, and keeping the greatest level of healthcare that  this country has ever known.   Or we can go backwards, backwards with Marie Antoinette-type tax  policy that takes opportunity and bread from the middle class, and then  say: Let them eat cake.   Or we can go forward with a more equitable tax plan, one that  promotes infrastructure protection and development by keeping the  provisions for State and local deductions, which everybody knows will  create jobs, jobs, and jobs.   We can go forward by making sure that the access we currently have to  quality healthcare will continue.   I hear many people talking about what we will get from H.R. 1, what I  call the Republican Marie Antoinette tax bill.   But let me just mention some of what we will not get that we already  have. Teachers will not get the ability to write off the $250 that they  spend out of their pockets for materials and supplies for their  students. Students will lose $65 billion in Federal funds to help make  college more affordable. Senior citizens, as we have already heard,  with Alzheimer's will lose the ability to write off high medical costs.  Student loan interest can no longer be used.   Cities like mine; like Philadelphia; like Detroit; like Gary,  Indiana; cities all over the country will not be able to make use of  the new market tax credits to rebuild slum and blighted areas.   Many of those areas have been laying fallow for 50 and 60 years,  where there used to be thriving communities. Historical buildings will  be left standing because the tax credits to restore them will no longer  be available, losing the opportunity to create jobs and work  opportunities for people who are unemployed.   Under the bill, any way that you cut it, the middle class will lose  and the special interests and the wealthy will again win.   I know that we are again being sold the idea of what I call trickle- down economics. Feed those at the top, and crumbs will trickle down to  all the rest of society, even though study after study has shown that  this does not work. It is nothing more than a theory, far from any  basis of truth.   I think that we have no choice. When I hear these kinds of  discussions, I think of all kinds of things. But I guess what I think  most is something that Billie Holiday wrote and sang. She said: ``Momma  may have, papa may have, but God bless the child that has got his  own.'' And she said: ``Rich relations give crusts of bread and such.  You can help yourself, but don't take too much.''   So if you are waiting for something to trickle down, you better  remember what she said: `` . . . God bless the child that has got his  own.''   One thing that each one of us has is the ability to vote, and I will  vote tomorrow. And I will make sure that when I vote, I will vote to  represent the thousands and thousands of middle class families who need  to have hope, who need to have faith, and who need to believe that when  we sing the song ``My Country, `Tis of Thee,'' that we are singing  about them, too.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Neal for yielding.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the one thing that I  like  [[Page H9369]]  about the Packers is that the people own them.   