 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this closed rule and the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate debate to be had concerning U.N.  Security Council Resolution 2334 and the United States' decision to  abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it  misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the  tough decision to abstain, and it distorts the content of the U.N.  Security Council resolution, apparently for political purposes. In  fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the  United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state  solution.   As we enter a period of great geopolitical uncertainty, that  principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to  democracy and stability, we must join together to reaffirm the most  fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and  unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the  world that we are still committed to diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes peace.   In an effort to make that unifying affirmation, I, Mr. Engel, and Mr.  Connolly offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the  nature of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to  put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the  underlying legislation and reaffirmed America's longstanding commitment  to Israel and to peace in the region.   Our alternative didn't attempt to solve all the region's problems. We  didn't pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact,  those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that  question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on  the foreign policy priorities of the other party.   Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad,  bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in support of a two-state  solution as the most credible pathway to peace.   Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the  Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we  have before us. The alternative resolution has now been introduced  separately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship.   Today, however, we don't have that before us because of this rule.   Members don't have the opportunity to vote on this or any other  resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with  Israel and the longstanding bipartisan consensus that supports a viable  two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an extreme  resolution that badly distorts the history--and we have heard that  again here this morning--and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy,  all to embarrass the Obama administration for political gain. It is not  worthy of this body.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying resolution.-    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. Engel, for yielding a  portion of his time to opponents of this resolution. I also appreciate  his willingness to work with me and other Members on our alternative  resolution that is more accurate and less divisive, a resolution,  unfortunately, the majority has denied a hearing for on the floor  today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res. 11. The resolution  before us today fails to credibly reaffirm our Nation's support for a  two-state solution. It provides an inaccurate accounting of the United  States' longstanding policy toward the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. It  includes reckless and divisive charges regarding the recent United  Nations Security Council resolution, designed, it would appear, solely  to embarrass the outgoing administration. It falsely claims, for  example, that the Security Council resolution ``contradicts the Oslo  Accords.'' It goes so far as to link the resolution to the boycott and  divestiture movement.   Mr. Speaker, there is room for honest debate about the U.N.  resolution and about the U.S. decision to abstain, but there is not  room, there shouldn't be room, for this kind of disgraceful distortion.  H. Res. 11 doesn't really engage the issues; it obscures and distorts  them.   I would suggest that both those who support and oppose recent U.S.  actions should oppose this irresponsible and divisive resolution. It  does distort the record. In fact, during the Obama administration,  fewer U.N. Security Council resolutions related to the Israeli- Palestinian conflict have passed than under any other modern  Presidency. In fact, the December resolution is the only one that has  passed under President Obama's leadership; and if you want a fair and  comprehensive account of the thinking that went into that difficult  decision, I commend to every Member Samantha Power's statement at the  United Nations, one of the finest statements of its sort that I have  ever read.   H. Res. 11 also doesn't take into account the fact that Republican  and Democratic administrations alike have allowed Security Council  resolutions addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to pass, many  of which were opposed by Israel. The fact is H. Res. 11 runs a real  risk of undermining the credibility of the United States Congress as a  proactive force working toward a two-state solution.   In this period of great geopolitical turmoil and uncertainty, we must  reaffirm those fundamental aspects of our foreign policy, including our  strong and unwavering support for Israel, while also demonstrating to  the world that we are committed to a diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes Israeli and Palestinian states that live side by  side in peace and security, a formulation that has characterized our  country's diplomacy for decades.   At best, Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 11 would muddy the waters of our  diplomacy and foreign policy. At worst, it could undermine our decade- long efforts to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and  Palestinians. I can't, in good faith, support the adoption of this  resolution, and I urge a ``no'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Gutierrez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my  colleague from Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the  time remaining for each side?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Yarmuth).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Welch).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, we are all friends of Israel, but that friendship  requires more than demonizing the United Nations and the Obama  administration. In fact, it requires the facing of hard truths, the  destructive effect of incitement and violence on the Palestinian side,  which the U.N. resolution explicitly acknowledges, and the threat to  peace and to any conceivable two-state solution by relentless  settlement expansion on the Israeli side, pushed by the right wing,  unchallenged by H. Res. 11.   The majority, seeking to push this resolution through, has displayed  little interest in what it would take actually to achieve peace,  choosing instead to distort the history, to impugn the motives of those  attempting to achieve peace. It is not worthy of this body. I urge its  rejection.   I yield back the balance of my time.   