 Mr. President, I am pleased to follow my esteemed  colleague from West Virginia. I wish to join her in her comments and  emphasize what she emphasized so well--that this really is all about  hard-working taxpayers across this country, not just in terms of making  sure they keep more of their hard-earned dollars after taxes but making  sure that their wages and income go up. Over the last decade, we have  seen real stagnation in terms of wages and income. So as we work on  this tax package, we want to make sure that across all income groups,  we see real tax relief.   The other aspect of this bill is that it is pro-growth. It is about  stimulating investment across this country by entrepreneurs, by  innovators, by small companies--and, with big companies, bringing money  from overseas back home to America, to create jobs in America. As we  create those jobs, that competition for labor pushes wages and salaries  higher. So it really is a two-for. It is about real tax relief for  hard-working Americans, and it is about making sure that their wages  and income go up.   These are just some of the estimates that have been put forward so  far as to the impact that this tax relief package will have. According  to the Council of Economic Advisers, there will be $4,000 in higher  wages. So that is what I am talking about. It is not just tax relief;  it is about higher wages. For an average family of four--median income,  average family of four--there will be a savings of $2,200 in taxes.  That is from the nonpartisan Tax Foundation.   So it is the combination of both of those things: higher wages, lower  taxes.   It comes from creating more jobs. The estimate is, again from the  Council of Economic Advisers, almost 1 million more jobs. It is those  jobs that not only create opportunity, but that competition for workers  is what pushes those wages higher.   Also, a 3.7-percent larger economy--that larger economy is a very  important consideration, as well, because by growing the base, even  with lower taxes, you generate more revenue, more revenue for the  government to invest in our priorities and to reduce the debt and  deficit over time. Of course, we have to find savings where we can, but  at the same time we have to have economic growth to address debt and  the deficit, and that is exactly what we create, not just through tax  relief but the combination of tax relief and the regulatory relief that  we have done through the course of this year. It is that regulatory  relief and that tax relief that really empower our small businesses  across the country, which are really the backbone of our economy. We  are talking farmers, ranchers, small businesses of all kinds. We are  talking entrepreneurs. We are talking innovators. We are talking about  the job creators in this country, creating more jobs and opportunity,  and the wage earners and the workers benefiting through lower taxes and  higher wages.   This next chart shows that the tax relief really comes across all  income groups. That is something that obviously has been discussed, and  that is what we are doing here. We are making sure that across every  single income group, there is a tax cut. So the effort is to focus on  lower income, middle-income workers, but to make sure that there is tax  relief across all groups.   The way we focus on lower income workers is by increasing the  standard deduction. We more than double the standard deduction from  about $6,000 today to $12,000 for an individual. So for a married  couple, that is $24,000. For a single individual who has dependents  whom he or she is taking care of, whether those are children or maybe a  parent or a relative, it is $18,000 for an individual.   Now, with that higher standard deduction, we will find that 9 out of  10 people will not itemize. They will not itemize. That means their tax  return will be one page. They can complete it on one page. It is  simple, easy, and then they can send it in.   That is 9 out of 10 filers with this new higher standard deduction.  It not only makes sure we provide relief to low- and middle-income  taxpayers, but it makes it much simpler to fill out that tax return.   At the same time, we keep other deductions and exemptions that are  very important to people. For example, the child tax credit is doubled.  The child tax credit goes from $1,000 to $2,000. We are doubling the  child tax credit. To help with college, we make sure people can open a  529 savings account so they can save money for college and for the  education of their young people.   Businesses will be encouraged to provide paid family and medical  leave by receiving a tax credit to partially offset the pay of an  employee who is caring for a child or a family member.   Other important deductions that we continue--the mortgage interest  deduction. That is very important. We continue the deductibility of the  mortgage interest on your home. We continue that very important and  very popular tax deduction. We continue the deductibility of charitable  contributions. For charitable organizations that need those  contributions to continue to fund their important activities, we  continue that tax deductibility. We continue the child and dependent  tax care credit, the adoption tax credit, the earned-income tax credit  to help families with children, working families with children. We  continue the 401(k) retirement deduction. That was one that had been  discussed, and there was concern expressed that that might be reduced,  and we didn't. We continue the deductibility of medical expenses. For  example, seniors or others who may have a lot of medical expenses can  continue to deduct the cost of those medical expenses.   In all these cases, we have worked very hard to make it simpler and  to make sure that for low- and middle-income workers, we are providing  that tax relief.   This next chart goes to what we call passthroughs. As I mentioned  earlier, the heart and soul of our economy are small businesses. We  want to make sure that we are providing tax relief for small businesses  across this country so that they can invest, create more jobs, and hire  more workers.   For larger businesses or businesses that are multinational, what we  are doing is making our Tax Code competitive. What that does is that  creates an incentive for the larger companies to bring capital back  home that is currently overseas, invest it in America, and create jobs  in America. That is called repatriation.   Leading economists estimate that there is more than $2.5 trillion  that U.S. corporations have overseas that they would bring back home,  bring back to America with this tax relief, and invest in America. That  is all about them building plants at home, creating jobs at home,  creating American jobs, rather than investing somewhere else in the  world. That not only creates jobs and more opportunity--again, that  push for higher wages and income--it also brings back revenue that  helps pay for this tax cut for the individuals and for smaller  companies as well. When they come back and invest here, that generates  tax revenue in America rather than somewhere else, in some other  country.   We want the larger multinationals to come back and invest in America.  For our smaller companies, our passthroughs, we want to make sure they  have the ability, through regulatory relief and tax relief, to expand  and grow their businesses. That is what you see here.   With the work we have done for small businesses across every income  group, small businesses are getting a tax break. The reason it is done  across income groups is that passthroughs are taxed at the individual  level. So whether it is a sub S corporation or a partnership or a  limited liability partnership or a limited liability corporation,  [[Page S7874]]  the income earned by those small businesses is passed through to the  owners and the investors, and then it is taxed at that individual  level. So what we show is, across the board, those small businesses are  keeping more of their money so they can put it in plant and equipment  rather than send it to the Federal Government.   I am going to go through some of the things that we have either kept  or added for small businesses, particularly some, for example, in the  ag area, which is very important to my State, but things that we have  kept that really help all small businesses. They include, first,  lowering the rate. We start by lowering the rate. Across every income  group, we lower that tax rate.   The House plan has four different tax rates. We have seven different  tax rates, which compares to the seven that we have right now, but we  drop them all. We reduce each one of those rates. That is important to  understand because that is the objective. We want to make sure that tax  relief is provided across the board.   There has been some discussion about, well, does that create more  complexity in terms of having seven different tax rates the way we do  today? Really, it doesn't. The complexity in determining what you have  to pay in taxes comes from calculating your taxable income. That is  what we have greatly simplified, as I described earlier. By keeping the  seven tax rates, we make sure we provide an income break across every  different income group, every different business group. Again, this is  about providing tax relief. It starts with lowering, obviously, those  rates for businesses.   We also provide other very important incentives for investment.  Remember, this is about pro-growth investment to grow the economy and  increase wages. One of those is expensing. That is very important. When  a business puts out cash to invest in plant and equipment, they are out  those dollars. If they can't deduct that expense up front, it is a lot  harder for them to make that expenditure.   For the first 5 years, we provide full expensing. That is incredibly  important. Whether it is a farm in my State of North Dakota or a small  business in my colleague's State of North Carolina, if they can write  off that expense--that plant, cattle, equipment, whether it is new farm  machinery or any kind of business equipment--then they are able to make  that investment and grow their business.    We not only provide that full expensing for the first 5 years--with a  stepdown over the next 4--on a permanent basis, we keep section 179  expensing, which is a very popular investment incentive for small  business. That ensures that small businesses can expense up to $1  million a year in plant and equipment, and it doesn't start phasing out  until they get over $2.5 million in expenditures. On a permanent  ongoing basis, that provides incredible certainty for the millions of  small businesses across this country to keep investing--buying new  plants, new equipment, growing their business--and that is the absolute  backbone of our economy and job creation.   Those are the kinds of provisions that make such a huge difference  for our companies and that we have included in this tax relief package.   Where are we in the process? We have moved our bill through the  Senate. The House has moved their bill through the House. Now we are  headed for conference. We need to continue to work to get the best  possible product and pass it on the floor, and our objective is to get  that done before the end of the year.   This process is important. I am going to mention a couple of things  in closing here that show the importance of this process--moving it  through the Senate, moving it through the House, and working in  conference committee to get the very best product we can for the  American people.   For example, as we have moved this package through Senate, one of the  things we added that I think is incredibly important is that you can  deduct up to $10,000 in property tax. On your homestead, if you have  property taxes up to $10,000, we have now included that in the Senate  package. That is a very popular deduction that is important to many  people. We added it in the Senate. The House has it. This is going to  come out of conference and include that property tax deduction. I think  it is very important and very helpful to getting a good tax relief  package.   Another one that I worked on directly is making sure that car dealers  and implement dealers--these are small businesses across the country-- can continue to deduct the interest on their floor plan. So for their  cars on the lot, the inventory that you go and look at when you buy a  car, or, if they are in the ag business, the tractors and the equipment  they have--they can deduct that interest. That is incredibly important  for them to be able to do business. That has been added as we have  advanced this package.   Another provision is IC-DISC. It sounds complicated, but it is simply  an incentive for companies that will export. Big companies do a pretty  good job of exporting, and they have a lot of ways to do it, but for  small companies, when they are making product in our country and are  trying to send it to Australia or somewhere else, that is a tough  proposition. We give them help through that IC-DISC program. Again,  that is another example of how we targeted some of these tax deductions  to small businesses or kept some of these programs that really help  small businesses and, again, make this package as pro-growth as we  possibly can.   At the end of the day, it is about keeping more of your hard-earned  dollars after taxes, but it is also about growing this economy. Growing  this economy is the rising tide that lifts all boats. That is what we  are about. We can sit here and not do something like that and say: OK,  business as usual. That is not what the American people want. The  American people sent us here to make changes, real changes that are  going to help us grow our economy, create more jobs, and create more  opportunity; that are going to do more for border security; that are  going to strength our military and strengthen law enforcement, the rule  of law in this country; that are going to improve our healthcare. So  these are the kinds of things we have to get done. These are the kinds  of things the American people have sent us here and said: Hey, we need  to get going on these things. That is exactly what we are doing.   I certainly call on all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to join together and get this done, get this tax relief done for the  American people, and get it done before the year end.   With that, I will defer to my esteemed colleague from North Carolina.   I yield the floor.   