 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Engel for yielding.  And I thank Mr. Royce for his hard work on this bill.   I have said this before and I will say it again: Mr. Royce, as  chairman, and Mr. Engel, as ranking member, are an example for,  frankly, all of us on how to work together productively in a bipartisan  fashion to reach a result that is good for our country, for our people,  and indeed for international security.   I also want to thank Senators Cardin and Corker for their leadership  and their involvement.   This legislation is the product of very careful and sometimes  difficult negotiations on a bipartisan basis. It is a strong, tough,  and appropriate response to Russia's attempts to meddle in our election  process, its support for violent separatists in Ukraine, its illegal  occupation of Crimea, and, yes, its unhelpful activity in Syria.   It also imposes new sanctions on Iran's ballistic missile program,  which threatens the United States, our Gulf allies, and Israel.   Russia's power comes from its ability to coerce other nations by its  energy distribution, in many instances. This bill seeks to make it  harder for Russia to use that type of coercion, and empower other  nations to join us in standing up against Russian aggression. These  sanctions will only be successful, however, if they are truly  bipartisan and if Congress continues to play its important and  necessary oversight role.   Democrats and Republicans are coming together on this bill, Mr.  Speaker, to ensure that the President cannot alter sanctions toward  Russia without congressional review. This is critical at a moment when  our allies are uncertain about where this administration stands with  respect to Russian aggression.   I remain open to additional sanctions on Russia's energy sector at a  later date if the Russian leader and his associates fail to heed the  message of this bill that their business as usual cannot and must not  continue.    Once this bill passes the Senate, as I believe it will, Russia will  know that sanctions levied because of its malevolent acts will be  lifted only with the concurrence, either tacitly or expressly, of the  Congress of the United States. There will be no side deals or turning a  blind eye to its actions.   This legislation, Mr. Speaker, will also make it clear that Russia's  interference in Ukraine comes with consequences, and it puts pressure  on Iran to end its ballistic missile program.   In addition, it deters, hopefully, North Korea from pursuing its  dangerous development of nuclear weapons and vehicles to deliver those  weapons as close as the western part of this country.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to send it to  the Senate as quickly as possible.    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Frankly, all four of us--yourself and your leadership, Mr.  Engel, the majority leader, and I--were privileged to work together in  a way that, as I said at the beginning, was constructive and that, I  think, has resulted in a very good product.   