 I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Van  Hollen) is necessarily absent.    Mr. President, it has been more than 6 months since a  major foreign adversary undertook a cyber act of war against our  election.   The Russian attack sought to undermine faith in our democratic system  and favor one candidate over another--  [[Page S3480]]  in this case, one seen as more favorable to the Kremlin's interests.   This was truly a historic event--one that requires a response of  equal magnitude--not only to deter any such attacks on our future  elections and those of our Western allies, but to make sure our  election infrastructure is secure from any future cyber threats.   Unfortunately, President Trump has refused to even acknowledge the  Russian act of cyber war and the Republican-controlled Congress has  similarly refused to act to retaliate against Russia or strengthen our  cyber defenses.   All the while, Russia has predictably continued its belligerent  military and cyber actions against our NATO allies and Ukraine, as well  as ongoing cyber attacks on the election of our democratic allies, most  recently in France.   This should come as no surprise. We were warned by our own experts  and our allies about the danger of American inaction.   For example, last month, former Director of National Intelligence  James Clapper warned, ``An American citizen should be very concerned  about a foreign government, particularly our primary adversary,  interfering with the most important foundational process that we have  in this country, which is free and fair elections.'' And former FBI  Director James Comey also recently warned about the Russians ``They're  coming after America . . . They will be back.''   I heard the same warnings in Eastern Europe, where our allies starkly  warned that Russia would feel emboldened to continue its attacks if the  United States did not even respond to the attack on its own election.  So I am understandably pleased that, at least this week, we are taking  action to maintain and toughen sanctions against Russia.   This bill takes a number of long overdue steps, including codifying  existing sanctions against Russia put in place by the Obama  administration, adding new sanctions on Russia, and making it harder  for President Trump to lift any sanctions on Russia without  congressional review.   I think these are important steps we must take to respond to Russia  and to protect our democracy, but they are not nearly enough.   We must also pass legislation to help protect against any such future  attacks on our election and to safeguard our electoral infrastructure.   We must get to the bottom of questions regarding possible collusion  between the Trump campaign and the Russians.   We must be prepared for President Trump to use the waivers and  designation authority granted to him in this bill to ultimately do  little to nothing to toughen sanctions against Russia.   You see, the way we usually write sanctions language is to instruct  that the ``President shall'' take such action as described and then  provide a national security waiver.   Well, this President has spent more time trying to endear himself to  the Russians than warning them to never attack our Nation again. In  fact, this President continues to deny that there was a Russian attack  on our election. What can we expect this President to do with the  discretion given in this bill dealing with these exact issues?   I hope he does the right thing to protect our national security and  democratic system from foreign attack, but I and others will be  watching to make sure he does and ready with additional measures if he  does not.   