 Mr. President, I rise today as the Senate considers the  nomination of Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be the Director of the  White House Office of Management and Budget. That is OMB. We are long  overdue in confirming Mr. Mulvaney to this key post because our Nation  has so many pressing budgetary issues requiring the attention of this  new administration. First among them is the staggering $20 trillion  debt burden we are now faced with after 8 years of anemic economic  policy and growth--and growing at the rate of half a trillion dollars a  year. Confirming an OMB Director we can work with will put America on a  more responsible fiscal path.   With their unprecedented attempts to delay the new Cabinet, Senate  Democrats have ensured that the President has now been without an OMB  Director longer than any other President in the past 40 years. That is  how long the Budget Act has been in place. According to Senate records,  from President Jimmy Carter to President Obama, the longest it has ever  taken to approve a first budget director for a new President was 1  week--1 week. We are now in week 4, with little or no movement. As  Majority Leader McConnell said last week, this is the slowest time for  a new Cabinet to be up and running since President George Washington-- and that was last week. It is even slower than that, and we are still  not done.    It is vital that we fill this position as soon as possible because  the Director of the Office of Management and Budget will help set the  President's budget priorities and play an important role in working  with Congress on setting the appropriate spending levels for the  Nation. This position is crucial to helping the Federal Government  function in what is shaping up to be a very challenging fiscal  environment that requires all of our attention.   Some may wonder why Democrats are opposed to Mr. Mulvaney. It could  be because he has been a vigilant budget hawk during his 6 years in  Congress, focused on the question of how we ultimately stop the Federal  Government from overspending while continuing to fund the country's  core priorities and responsibilities. They could be worried that the  White House Budget Director will be a prominent voice, arguing for  fiscal restraint, for responsible budgets, and for honest budgeting  that avoids the use of gimmicks, such as emergency funding designations  for nonemergencies.   I am hopeful Mr. Mulvaney and the OMB will ensure the taxes the hard- working Americans send to Washington are spent in the most efficient  and effective way. The Federal Government has not been currently  focused on making sure hard-working taxpayers get the best deal for  their money. A new OMB Director focused on responsible budgeting can  help ensure that when duplication in government programs and agencies  is discovered, it is addressed. This will help make the Federal  Government more accountable and effective.   The Government Accountability Office, GAO, every year outlines tens  of billions of dollars in savings that can be achieved through various  efficiency measures. OMB can play an important role in ensuring that  spending programs do not duplicate each other while protecting hard- working taxpayers. Additionally, reforming and consolidating these  programs can ensure that they focus on real needs and be managed with  an eye on real results.   The Federal Government has grown so large and so complex that no one  seems to know how many Federal programs exist. Even the executive  branch can't tell us how many programs it administers. I have directed  a lot of questions to the past administration, trying to find out  exactly that. Of course, I would like to not only know how many  programs they administer, I would like to know how many dollars are  involved, I would like to know how many people it employs and how many  customers they serve. There ought to be some kind of relationship there  that means we are making a difference, but nobody is looking at it.   Several years ago, Congress even passed a law requiring the  administration to publish a list of all Federal programs on a central  governmentwide website, along with related budget and performance  information--some of what I was just talking about. Unfortunately, when  the program lists were put online, GAO reviewed the information and  discovered that the inventory, in their words--listen to this  carefully--was ``not a useful tool for decision making.'' What were  they afraid of? But even if the government can't answer that question,  we can find strong evidence that the number is on the rise, and Mr.  Mulvaney will be able to play a crucial role in taming the unchecked  growth of the Federal Government.   I also look forward to working with him on the urgent need to reform  the broken budget process, which has contributed to the budgetary  stalemate and recurrent continuing resolutions to which Congress now  routinely resorts in order to postpone hard decisions about spending  and debt, which delays agencies from being able to plan.   There is an urgent need for important reforms to the process, such as  implementing biennial budgeting so they can plan 2 years at a time, and  the overhaul of outdated budget accounting concepts that have outlived  their usefulness. Ultimately, my goal is to have Congress work with  this new administration to produce comprehensive and lasting budget  reform that can put our Nation on a better fiscal path. The Budget  Committee has been working on that for a year in a very bipartisan way.  It is time for us to put some of those into place.   Despite its significance, the preparation of the President's annual  budget submission is only one of the responsibilities of OMB. As an  entity within the Executive Office of the President, OMB has numerous  governmentwide management responsibilities, in addition to budgeting  and spending, that  [[Page S1171]]  concern various activities carried out by Federal agencies. These  include agency rulemaking, agency contracting, agency grants  management, agency financial management, information technology,  program assessment, personnel policy, property management. We don't  even have a list of what property we have, let alone when it is  probably going to outlive its usefulness and when it needs to be  replaced. That would be capital budgeting. I hope we can do that at  some point.   It is for these reasons and more that I encourage the Senate to  exercise its constitutional duties to provide their advice and consent  on this key Cabinet-level position and confirm Representative Mick  Mulvaney of South Carolina to be Director of the Office of Management  and Budget.   I have talked to him extensively. I have known him for a long time,  and I know he will do a spectacular job with this at providing good  advice to the President so we can do whatever we can do and bring as  many people together in meeting the responsibilities of this  government. I hope the people will join me in support of this  outstanding nominee.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   