 Mr. President, I want to stand in support of the  statement just made by my colleague from the Commonwealth of Maryland.  He knows, as I know, that our responsibilities as U.S. Senators include  important votes. Some of the votes we cast will blur into history, and  we will be hard pressed to remember them. But certainly any vote  involving sending America to war is a vote you will never forget--at  least not this Senator. Many of those votes cast over the years in the  House and the Senate have created sleepless nights before the vote  because you understand that even under the best of circumstances,  people will die as a result of your vote. Not just the enemy but even  our own risk their lives and die in defense of the United States.   It was 9/11/2001 when this U.S. Senate was faced with the awesome  responsibility of voting to go to war. There were two votes. The first  was on the invasion of Iraq. There were 23 of us--22 Democrats and 1  Republican--who voted against the authorization for the use of force  and the invasion of Iraq. I continue to believe that when it comes to  foreign policy, it is the most important vote that I have ever cast.  Twenty three of us voted no.   The second vote was on the invasion of Afghanistan and a different  vote completely. We had just gone through 9/11, and 3,000 innocent  Americans had been killed. The images are still in my mind--and will be  until I die--of what I saw as a result of that heinous attack, that  atrocious attack by terrorists on the World Trade Center, on the  Pentagon, and, of course, what happened in the fields of Pennsylvania.   So the vote came to the floor, and they basically said: When it comes  to the invasion of Afghanistan, we are going after the people  responsible for  9/11. I joined every other U.S. Senator of both political parties in  voting yes. We had to make clear to terrorists around the world that  when you strike the United States, you will pay a price. We will hunt  you down, we will find you, we will bring you to justice or bring you  to your end on Earth. I voted for it, and I knew it was the right thing  to do. That is what I was sent here to do.   Little did I realize, having cast that vote 15 or 16 years ago, that  I wasn't  [[Page S5255]]  just voting to go after the terrorists responsible for 9/11; I was  voting for the longest war in the history of the United States of  America, a war that continues to this day in Afghanistan. I don't think  there was a single member of the Senate--either party on the floor--who  would have believed that was what we were voting for. It has happened.   To date we have lost almost 2,400 American lives, tens of thousands  have been injured in Afghanistan, billions and billions of dollars have  been spent, and there is no end in sight. Who is responsible for that?  Ultimately, Congress is responsible for that. The Constitution and the  people who wrote it made it clear that we have the responsibility to  declare war. It is a responsibility that may have clarity in the  Constitution, but it is one that we don't accept willingly in most  circumstances. Most Members of the Senate will acknowledge that  constitutional opportunity and authority, but they don't want to cast a  vote for fear that they are going to vote an incorrect way as history  will judge.   Now we have a proposal by Senator Paul of Kentucky. It is one that I  think should be supported by every Member of the Senate. What it says  is this: Within 6 months, the authorization for the use of military  force we voted for so long ago is going to be eliminated, and we, in  that period of time, have to come up with a new authorization that  reflects the new reality of the threat against the United States. That  is our constitutional responsibility. The President, as Commander in  Chief, always must step up and defend America, but when it comes to the  declaration of war, that is the responsibility of Congress.   I will be supporting this effort by Senator Paul. I believe it is  consistent with our constitutional responsibility, and I believe it is  also time for us to renew the debate as to our future in Afghanistan, a  war that has claimed so many American lives, created so many  casualties, and cost us so dearly. It is time for us, on behalf of the  American people, to engage in that debate again.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Nelson) are necessarily  absent.   