 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, hardworking families across Arizona and across our  country are sick and tired of Congress putting partisan politics ahead  of creating jobs at home.   As I travel across rural Arizona and speak to workers, miners,  farmers, and families, I am asked the same questions: ``When is  Congress going to get serious about helping rural America?   ``When are you guys going to work together and create good-paying  jobs?   ``When are we going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and  roads?   ``When are we finally going to get reliable broadband?''   In my 7 months in Congress, I have seen firsthand the failure to  address these problems in a truly bipartisan manner. American workers  are counting on all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to focus on  bringing back jobs to our country.   The underlying bill before us does not go far enough to ensure  pipelines, which involve major investments and can span hundreds of  miles across sensitive areas, are made with quality, reliable,  American-made materials.   My commonsense amendment simply requires Federal agencies to certify  that all of the iron and steel products used in any cross-border  pipelines are produced in the United States before they can be  approved.   Mr. Speaker, foreign steelmakers now supply half the oil and gas  drilling and extraction pipes used in the United States, and it is only  getting worse. The American Iron and Steel Institute estimates that  imports of steel pipes for the oil and gas industry are up 237 percent  in the first half of 2017 from a year earlier.   Earlier this year, President Trump signed an executive order  instructing the Secretary of Commerce to develop a plan that would  require any company building a pipeline within U.S. borders to use  American-made materials and equipment. My amendment mirrors the spirit  of that executive order by applying the same rules to any proposed  cross-border pipelines.   Mr. Speaker, we need to rebuild America. We need to rebuild America's  infrastructure. We need to rebuild America's energy infrastructure, but  we need to rebuild America by creating American jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I can think of no better message to send during  President Trump's ``Made in America Week'' than by standing up for  American workers and supporting this commonsense amendment. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   