 Mr. Speaker, on February 27 of this year, about 250 men,  women, and children gathered at the Stroum Jewish Community Center on  Mercer Island in my home State of Washington.   It was a regular evening. The center was alive. People were swimming  laps in the pool. They were lifting weights in the gym. Seniors were  taking classes like the popular one on Bollywood dancing the center  offers on Monday nights. They were assembling peacefully, united by  their common faith. Then, they were targeted because of it.   On that night, a man, cowardly hiding behind the anonymity of a  telephone, called in a bomb threat on the center. Children and their  parents and seniors dropped everything and were evacuated as the police  swept it with dogs.   How did we get to the point where places people come to take an  aerobics class or drop off a child for Hebrew school become flash  points of hate?   The threat to this center is, sadly, not unique. In the first 3  months of this year alone, there were 126 bomb threats called in to 85  Jewish community centers across the country. Imagine the disruption and  the fear created by that.   Let's talk about the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle, an  organization that advocates for peace and provides classes and  community activities and funds scholarships to Seattle-area students.   In 2006, a man walked into the federation's offices with two  handguns. He fired shots through the office after gaining access by  holding a 14-year-old girl at gunpoint as she called her aunt who  worked in the building to buzz her in. He killed one woman and wounded  a group of others. He then took them hostage, and a 911 operator talked  him into surrendering.   Places of worship and faith-based nonprofits must take any threat  seriously. Across the country, because of threats of violence,  churches, mosques, synagogues, and nonprofit religious community  centers associated with them must spend money that could have gone to  classes, gym equipment, or food for the poor, instead, on locks,  cameras, and security guards.   Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here today. Today is a victory for  everyday people who come to a Representative with a problem and who are  hurt.   Earlier this year, a friend from Washington State, who is here with  us today, came to me and said: These threats are hate crimes. We are  being targeted because of our faith. But unless someone acts on the  threat, it doesn't count as a hate crime under the law.   That is how this bill came to be. This bill is about people coming to  their elected Representatives and being heard.   H.R. 1730 will amend the Church Arson Prevention Act to punish the  cowards who make threats against our places of worship and religiously  affiliated nonprofits. It will classify the act of making credible  threats as hate crimes.   What happened in my State wasn't a fluke. The FBI has reported a rise  in hate crimes. This affects every faith.  [[Page H9776]]  There were an average of 16 hate crimes per day last year. American  Jews were targeted with bomb threats. Islamic centers have faced arson.  Christians have faced threats in the pews as they pray. This doesn't  count the credible threats that I mentioned earlier that create chaos  and make people feel as though they are targets for no other reason  than the God to whom they worship.   So, Mr. Speaker, today is about coming together as Americans and  saying enough is enough. It is about communities crying out, ``Never  again,'' and being heard by this body. It is about saying, as leaders,  that we must never endorse hate.   Silence in the face of intolerance and violent threats isn't enough.  We must condemn hate wherever and however it exists. Mr. Speaker, this  is about the people of the Stroum Jewish Community Center and the  faithful everywhere who should never have to fear.   Around this country, around this world, too many families have been  impacted by religious intolerance and violence. Even my own family's  family tree has felt that scourge.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Dunn). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill acknowledges that, when someone  tries to terrorize Americans based on their faith, we need to stand up  and do something about it. We must embrace our common humanity and  ensure that Americans, wherever they pray, however they come together,  are respected.   I thank everyone who has worked on this: my colleague, the chairman,  and his committee staff; and Rachel Appleton from my team.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation.   