 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous materials on H.R. 21.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 5(b) of House  Resolution 5, I call up the bill (H.R. 21) to amend chapter 8 of title  5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in  resolutions of disapproval for ``midnight rules'', and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, Federal bureaucrats are continuously creating new and  more complicated and costly burdens on hardworking Americans in the  form of unnecessarily burdensome regulations. Clearly, some regulation  is necessary to protect public safety, set general rules of the road,  and accomplish other important goals.   However, despite the fact that these goals can often be accomplished  with relatively simple guidance, Washington bureaucrats seem more  determined than ever to create the most complicated puzzles they can  imagine, regardless of the compliance costs for small businesses or the  new and innovative products entrepreneurs are forced to shelve in order  to comply with these overly complicated regulations.   Bureaucrats also don't seem to care that American families face  higher prices for goods and have fewer job opportunities when employers  are unnecessarily forced to factor wasteful costs of complying with  overly burdensome regulations into their bottom lines.   That is why, at the very beginning of the 115th Congress, we are  prioritizing legislation to remove unnecessary regulatory burdens.  Doing so is one of the fundamental steps we can take to make America  more competitive again  [[Page H75]]  and put more Americans back to work again.   Today, our specific focus is on reforming regulations that are  hastily cobbled together in the waning weeks and months of an outgoing  administration. These regulations are particularly susceptible to abuse  and, thus, have an even greater potential to undermine job  opportunities, wages, and American competitiveness.   As the Obama administration rushes to a close, Americans' freedom and  prosperity are increasingly threatened by one of the most abusive  features of modern bureaucracy--midnight regulation.   Midnight regulation is one of the most vexing problems in  Washington's overreaching regulatory system. Administration after  administration, there is a spike in rulemaking activity during the last  year of a President's term--particularly between election day and  Inauguration Day, but even in the months before then.   These successive waves of midnight regulation present deeply  troubling issues. First and foremost, because outgoing administrations  are no longer accountable to the voters, they are much more prone to  issue midnight regulations that fly in the face of the electoral  mandate the voters just gave the new, incoming administration.   Waves of midnight rules can also be very hard for Congress or a new  administration to check adequately. As a new Congress and President  begin their terms, both understandably must be focused on implementing  the new priorities within the mandates the voters have given them. That  doesn't always leave time to focus on cleaning up all of the last acts  of the departing administration.   In addition, the Congressional Review Act currently allows Congress  to disapprove of regulations--including midnight regulations--only one  at a time. A wave of midnight regulations can easily overwhelm  Congress' ability to use one-rule-at-a-time resolutions as an effective  check.   Finally, it is well-documented that the rush by outgoing  administrations to impose midnight rules before the clock strikes 12  leads to more poorly analyzed rules with lower quality and lower  benefits.   The Obama administration has imposed more runaway regulation than any  other in memory, and its midnight rulemaking period is no exception.  When the House considered this legislation in the wake of last  November's election, the administration had issued or planned to issue  at least 180 midnight rules within the scope of this bill, including  multiple billion-dollar rules and more than 20 major rules imposing  $100 million or more in costs per year.   In the intervening weeks, these figures have rapidly ballooned to the  226 midnight rules issued or planned. During just the week of December  12, the administration issued 18 midnight regulations, imposing over $2  billion in new costs. But this is not a partisan issue. Administrations  of both parties have issued midnight rules in the past.   The Judiciary Committee has been searching for an effective solution  to this problem for some time, and I applaud our colleague, Mr. Issa,  for offering the Midnight Rules Relief Act to respond to the need. This  bill offers a simple and powerful means to stop the problem of abusive  midnight rules--allowing Congress to disapprove of any and all midnight  regulations in one fell swoop by one en bloc disapproval resolution  under the Congressional Review Act.   Any outgoing administration understanding that it has this Sword of  Damocles hanging over its head will surely hesitate much more before  abusing midnight rules. Further, once enabled to dispatch of all  improper midnight rules with one simple resolution, Congress and  succeeding administrations would be free to focus more of their  energies on the voters' new priorities, rather than the mess left by  midnight rules.   The relief offered by the bill, moreover, is highly flexible. No set  number of regulations would have to be covered by a resolution. No  category of regulation would have to be included in or excluded from a  resolution. On the contrary, any midnight rule disapproval resolution  could be sweeping or narrow, depending on how many rules merited  inclusion.   Finally, the Midnight Rules Relief Act offers a solution that is not  intrusive upon legitimate executive branch authority. An outgoing  administration remains free to conduct necessary rulemaking activity up  to the stroke of midnight on Inauguration Day. It then falls to  Congress to respond swiftly and surgically to the results, to accept  the good and excise the bad.   This is truly a better way to govern. That is why the reform embodied  in this bill is featured in Speaker Ryan's Better Way agenda.   I thank Mr. Issa for his work on this important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.   