 Mr. Speaker, as we all know, last Thursday evening, we  played the annual Congressional Baseball Game for Charity. This is  normally the time when the losing manager has to congratulate the  winning manager. Over the last 10 years, I have become fairly  proficient at congratulating Mr. Doyle.   Today, Mr. Speaker, I am not going to tell a lot of jokes because, as  we all know, at the Republican practice the Wednesday morning before,  an individual opened fire on the Republican team and wounded the  majority whip, Mr. Scalise; both Capitol Police officers who were part  of Mr. Scalise's security detail; and two volunteers who were assisting  us in our practice. So I don't have a lot of jokes today, Mr. Speaker.   I do want to congratulate Mr. Doyle and his team. They played fair  and square. They were extremely gracious before the game. We had a  unity prayer. We had a unity introduction of the players. The night  before, Mr. Doyle and his team invited the Republican team, believe it  or not, to the Democratic political headquarters. I went with my two  sons. The food was great, and the fellowship was even better.   So I do sincerely want to congratulate him and his players for  playing the best game. They deserved to win.   Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the Republican team. We had  approximately 25 of our Members at the practice. Every one of them  exhibited courage and composure. They all looked out for their fellow  teammates.   We had an equivalent number of staff and volunteers. We had two of  the best Capitol Hill police officers it is possible to have. They  risked their lives.   I want to say this, and then I will yield to my good friend, Mr.  Doyle.   The shooter that attacked the Republican baseball team, Mr. Speaker,  was attacking democracy. When we are at full strength on this floor,  there are 435 of us. Every one of us is a winner. We get here because  we have won an election. We get here because we have got the faith of  approximately 600,000 or 700,000 people who are depending on us to be  their voice for democracy. We argue. We debate. But as I said in one of  my interviews, before our names is United States Representative.  United.   Last Thursday, at the baseball game, we were united. I could not be  prouder of being a Member of this body, Mr. Speaker. I could not be  prouder of the Republican team, including our MVP, Ron DeSantis; our  honorary MVP, Steve Scalise; and every member of the Republican team.   Would the members of the Republican team stand and let's acknowledge  their heroism.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael  F. Doyle).   