 OK, as long as I get to speak after this issue is over.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to comment  on some of the initial reactions that I have heard from my Democratic  colleagues on the President's nomination of Judge Gorsuch to be an  Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.   First of all, even before we had the nominee, there were many of the  Democratic Members vowing to filibuster the nominee, site unseen. That,  of course, is very unfortunate, as well as being ridiculous--in other  words, saying you are going to filibuster somebody before you even know  who the nominee is. But of course, given  [[Page S642]]  how the minority has treated the President's Cabinet nominees so far,  it is not exactly surprising that they would say this before the  President even nominated somebody for the Court.   Then, of course, this week the President announced his nominee. Judge  Gorsuch, of course, was confirmed by the Senate in 2006 without a  single ``no'' vote and is universally respected as one of the finest  and most fairminded judges in the country. In fact--get this--one of  President Obama's Solicitors General called him ``one of the most  thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our Nation over the last  century.''   Now, if an Obama Solicitor General says that and that is not  mainstream enough, I don't know what is. After the President's  announcement, something very interesting happened. Right out of the  gate, there were a number of Senate Democrats calling for ``a hearing  and a vote.'' Well, that certainly sounds very encouraging. The press  picked up on these comments, and one newspaper even reported that after  learning who the nominee was, there were already seven Senate Democrats  opposed to filibustering this nominee.   At first glance, it appears those Democrats were trying to be  consistent with their stance from last year that a nominee deserves a  hearing and an up-or-down vote. But of course, now they conveniently  seem to have dropped the up-or-down portion of that stand.   Now, isn't that a nice trick, a new trick. Take, for example, one of  my colleagues, who last year said: ``The Constitution says the Senate  shall advise and consent, and that means having an up-or-down vote.''  But oddly, just yesterday, that same colleague said: ``I support a 60- vote margin for all Supreme Court nominees.''   That is a very nice sleight of hand. But most of the Senators are not  that gullible. The Washington Post Fact Checker certainly took notice  of their wordsmithing. That has earned them two Pinocchios. When you  look at the facts, a 60-vote threshold has never been a standard, as  the minority leader said yesterday. Otherwise, we would not have two of  the current justices sitting on the Supreme Court.   Of course, my colleagues tried unsuccessfully to filibuster Justice  Alito. The Senate voted 72 to 25 to invoke cloture. He was then  confirmed 58 to 42 on an up-or-down vote.   Justice Thomas, now on the Supreme Court for 25 years, was confirmed  52 to 48. There was no cloture vote on Justice Thomas's nomination. In  fact, the Senate did not set any sort of a requirement that there be 60  votes for 7 of the 8 justices serving on the Court. So, if there has  been any sort of requirement or practice in the Senate on Supreme Court  nominees, it has, in fact, been that the nominee does not need 60  votes, although many of them received that kind of support.   We already know some Members have pledged to filibuster the nominee.  This minority leader stated that part of the ``fair process'' is a 60- vote threshold. I suppose that if you are already committed to  attempting a filibuster on a Supreme Court nominee before you even know  who that person might be, then you might consider that part of a fair  process.   Of course, we all know--all Republicans and Democrats know--that  launching a filibuster against a Supreme Court nominee is not part of a  fair process. It never has been. But I suppose we should cut our  colleagues just a little bit of slack. They are having a hard time  figuring out how to make good on their promise to attack the nominee no  matter who it is, when they have now been presented with a nominee with  impeccable credentials as well as broad bipartisan support.   This brings me to the second brief point that I want to make. Judge  Gorsuch had barely finished speaking at the White House, and there were  already attacks on the nominee by some on the left. Some of my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle had already taken to the  Senate floor to attack and mischaracterize Judge Gorsuch's record.  Though we expected it, these scurrilous attacks are untoward and  obviously misplaced. After all, those on the left trot out the same  tired arguments against every Republican nominee.   Now, you know, going back a few years--maybe, too far for some of you  younger Members--they attacked Justice Stevens because he ``revealed an  extraordinary lack of sensitivity to problems that women face.''   They called Justice Kennedy a sexist who ``would be a disaster for  women.'' They said there was ``ample reason to fear'' Justice Souter.  Of course, you know what turned out. Justices Stevens and Souter turned  out to be favorites of the left, and too often Justice Kennedy has  ruled the liberal way.   This morning, the Washington Post editorial board noted that, while  we argued last year--meaning the paper argued last year--that the  President should not fill a Supreme Court vacancy that occurs during a  Presidential election year, Senate Republicans--quoting the Post-- ``refrained from tarring Mr. Garland personally.''   Now, in contrast, the paper noted that this dissent is unwarranted  this early by writing this: ``Trashing Mr. Gorsuch as an outlandish  radical, despite his impeccable credentials, the wide respect he  commands in his field, his long service as an appeals court judge and  the unanimous voice vote he received the last time the Senate  considered him for the Federal bench is, at the very least,  premature.''   Our friends on the other side of the aisle would do well to take note  of the Washington Post's observation. So I would like to make this  point. If the process we have witnessed for the President's Cabinet  nominees is any guide, I am quite confident that we will hear all  manner of reasons and arguments about why we should delay a hearing on  Judge Gorsuch.   But as my friend and former chairman of the Judiciary Committee,  Senator Leahy, often noted, Supreme Court nominees don't have the  opportunity to respond to personal attacks outside of their  confirmation hearing. So I am going to consult with the ranking member  on timing for the hearing. But I can tell you what we are not going to  do. We are not going to delay this hearing, especially in the face of  all of these attacks on his record and character, which, both for the  record and for his character, are unjustified.   So I will conclude with this. I had the good fortune of meeting one- on-one with Judge Gorsuch yesterday. He is as impressive a person in  person as he is on paper. I expect that as my friends on the other side  of the aisle meet Judge Gorsuch and actually review his record, they  will find him to be an imminently qualified and universally respected  judge, whose decisions faithfully applying the text of the law place  him well within the judicial mainstream.   Now, maybe people that say they want a mainstream judge wanted an  activist judge who will read the text the way the judge wants it read  for their own personal views, as opposed to the intent by Congress. But  Judge Gorsuch is doing what any judge should do reading the law. He  said: If any judge likes every decision he makes, then he is not a very  good judge.   Now, this is what we are going to do. We are going to do our due  diligence, and we are going to send a questionnaire to Judge Gorsuch in  the next day or so. I will expect he will answer that questionnaire  promptly, and then we will do what I said before the election, before  we knew who was going to be the next President.   In fact, we thought it was going to be Secretary Clinton. When I say  we, the country as a whole had that in their mind. There was no doubt  about it. So I said before the election, as the one responsible for not  having a hearing on the previous nominee, that, whoever was elected  President, this process was going to move forward.   So we will have that hearing where Members can ask this nominee any  questions they deem appropriate. We will vote on him in committee, and  the full Senate will vote on his nomination. But given his exemplary  record and the facts as we know them, I expect this nominee to be  confirmed.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   