 Mr. Speaker, I have always been a strong ally of the  disability community and have paid close attention to the concerns many  have had with this rule.   I'm proud to have been the lead sponsor of the Americans with  Disabilities Act in 1990,  [[Page H907]]  which opened doors of independence, access, opportunity, and equity for  millions of Americans with differing abilities.   In Congress, Democrats have put forward commonsense gun safety laws  that would prevent violent and dangerous individuals with mental  disabilities from purchasing firearms. However, the Republican-led  Congress would not allow even a vote on such legislation.   President Obama took a series of limited steps within his authority,  one of which was this rule, whose aim has been to prevent those who  shouldn't have guns from obtaining them. I believe that, absent action  from Congress to enhance our background check system, this rule  represents an imperfect but necessary step.   It is imperfect because it stigmatizes the disability community  unfairly and needs a stronger appeals process to protect the rights of  those who fall under its purview. I disagree with the premise that  having a mental disability that precludes independent management of  one's finances correlates with a heightened risk of violence. I have  read the rule and recognize that it was written in a narrow way so that  it applies only to those with severe mental illnesses.   I've had many discussions over the past several days with leaders in  the disability community. I've grappled with the very difficult  questions this resolution poses and ultimately decided that, given  these circumstances, the best step right now is to oppose this  resolution.   I look forward to working closely with the disability community and  gun safety advocates to push for Congress to take up legislation that  keeps all Americans safe from gun violence while protecting the rights  of those with differing abilities.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to this misguided resolution that will only imperil the  lives of more Americans.   In 2007, this body passed the National Instant Criminal Background  Check System Improvement bill with a unanimous voice vote.   We all agreed that the background check system needed better  information, especially after dangerous individuals slipped through the  cracks and were able to purchase guns they never should have been  allowed to buy in the first place.   Like Jared Loughner, who killed six people in Arizona who were at a  grocery store to meet our colleague Gabby Giffords.   He passed background checks even though he had a history of drug use  and disturbing behavior that should have been in the system.   So the Obama Administration, at Congress's direction wrote this rule  to make sure that federal mental health records make their way into the  background check system, so that it can effectively deny purchases to  individuals who are already prohibited from buying guns.   And let's be clear about what we're talking about.   This rule only affects those with very severe, long-term mental  disorders, and who have been identified by doctors and psychologists as  severely mentally disabled.   It does not paint disability recipients with a broad brush.   8.8 million Americans receive Social Security disability benefits,  yet SSA estimates only 75,000 would meet the criteria under this rule.   That is less than one percent.   Let's also be clear: this resolution is an attempt to hamstring our  federal agencies and to keep them from improving the background check  system.   Rather than work with a new administrator to improve the rule, the  Majority would rather have no rule at all because this bill not only  repeals this background check improvement rule, it also prohibits the  federal government from issuing a similar rule in the future.   We've got it backwards. We shouldn't be repealing gun safety rules,  we should be strengthening them. Gun violence is an epidemic in this  country and we have done literally nothing in Congress about it since  Republicans took the majority in the House in 2011.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this  bill that uses dangerous procedure to advance dangerous policy to erode  our important firearms background check system and undermine public  safety.   In response to the tragic mass shooting at Virginia Tech, the  National Instant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Amendment  Act was passed by Congress unanimously and signed into law by President  Bush because everyone agreed that we need federal and State agencies to  submit relevant information to maintain an accurate, effective system.   This bill directly undermines public safety by permanently blocking a  federal agency from submitting records to this critical safeguard  system.   I know the high cost of gun violence on families and communities. I  know that policy makers have an obligation to address public safety  carefully and responsibly. Reasonable people can disagree about whether  the rule by the Social Security Administration struck the right balance  between the threshold and process reporting to the background system.  While opponents have raised some concerns about whether there is  sufficient due process in this rule, the solution is not to block the  rule entirely. Rather, the solution is to fix it.   Therefore, I oppose this CRA because it would permanently prohibit  the Social Security Administration from ever reporting individuals to  this critical safety system, which is an extreme, dangerous,  irresponsible, and irreversible action that threatens the safety of our  communities.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired.   Pursuant to House Resolution 71, the previous question is ordered.   The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint  resolution.   The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third  time, and was read the third time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint  resolution.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   