 Mr. President, if I make it to Heaven--and I hope I do-- the first question I am going to ask God is why bad things happen to  good people. We have had some bad things happen in Louisiana to some  really good people, as my colleague from Louisiana just referred to.   This past weekend, while most of us slept, Louisiana lost yet another  officer in the line of duty. East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office  Sergeant Shawn Anderson--as shown in this photograph here--was a law  enforcement veteran. He was a military veteran, and he was a father. He  served high-risk warrants. He had been recognized for doing his job  without having resorted to firing his weapon. In short, he was an  American hero, and he was a Louisiana hero.   On Saturday night, Sergeant Anderson was just doing his job. He went  into a barbershop in search of a suspected rapist. Sergeant Anderson  lost his life. A line of law enforcement vehicles escorted his body  from the scene, and their flashing blue lights lit up the dark night.   It has been a tough few months for our law enforcement families in  Louisiana. We have buried six officers who were shot and killed simply  because they were wearing a badge.   In January, Westwego Police Officer Michael Louviere stopped to help  at a traffic accident, and he was shot in the back of the head. Michael  was not even on duty. He was driving home and saw an accident and  immediately stopped his car to help. That is the kind of person he was.   The Presiding Officer and all of those listening to me today, no  doubt, saw the news footage as to what unfolded along a busy Baton  Rouge highway last summer. July will no longer be just about hot dogs  and fireworks for us in Louisiana. The shootings that took the lives of  three law enforcement officers shattered our summer and broke our  hearts.   Just a month earlier, Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Deputy David Michel  was shot three times in the back--not once, not twice, but three  times--and he died in Harvey. His killer, apparently, shot him because  the killer did not want to return to jail.   I would ask all of those who wish to, to join me in saying a prayer  for these law enforcement officers and their families. They were sons  and they were fathers and they are going to miss out on holidays and  birthdays and graduations. They were men who sacrificed their lives so  we could sleep a little bit better at night.   Let us also, while we are praying for these brave men--and, yes,  women too--pray for an end to the violence. We have had enough flashing  blue lights light up the dark nights in Louisiana.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   