 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, after failing to throw 32 million  Americans off of the health insurance they currently have last week,  the Republicans are continuing their attack against the working  families of our country with one of the most destructive budgets in  American history.   I know the American people today, for very good reason, are  preoccupied with the horror of what happened in Las Vegas, and people  are horrified about what has happened in Puerto Rico, but I would beg  of the American people to please pay attention to the budget proposal  and the so-called tax reform ideas brought by the Republican leadership  in the Senate, as well as in the House.   This proposal would cause devastating economic pain for tens of  millions of Americans by, on the one hand, giving incredibly large tax  breaks for the wealthiest people in the country, while at the same time  making it harder for our children to get a decent education, harder for  the families of this country to get the healthcare they need, harder  for families, literally, to put food on the table, harder to protect  our environment, and harder for the elderly to live their retirement  years with dignity.   This is the Robin Hood proposal in reverse. The Robin Hood principle  in reverse is that instead of taking from the rich to help the poor,  this proposal makes massive cuts in programs desperately needed by the  middle class and working families of our country, precisely to give  unbelievably large tax breaks to the people on top--the people who  least need those tax breaks.   At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, where we have more  inequality today than at any time since the 1920s and more inequality  than almost any major country on Earth, where the very, very rich are  becoming much richer and we have 40 million people living in poverty  and tens of millions of middle-class families are going nowhere in a  hurry, this Republican budget, according to the Tax Policy Center, at  the end of 10 years, would provide 80 percent of the tax benefits to  the top 1 percent.   Right now, today, the rich are doing phenomenally well. Everybody  understands that. The middle class is shrinking. But according to the  nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, by the end of the decade, nearly 80  percent of the tax benefits in the Republican plan would go to the top  1 percent--under this plan, this Republican plan. The top one-tenth of  1 percent, the richest of the rich, would receive a tax break of over  $1 million a year.   At a time when so many of our families are struggling to put food on  the table, struggling to figure out how to send their kids to college,  struggling to figure out how to pay for childcare, we have a Republican  tax proposal that would provide trillions of dollars in tax breaks to  the richest people in this country.   This is a budget that would increase the Federal deficit by $1.5  trillion over the next decade. We have heard on the Senate floor my  Republican friends talking about how worried they are about the $20  trillion national debt and how high the deficits are. This proposal,  designed to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country,  would increase the Federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next  decade, and, by the way, this is a conservative estimate. There are  those who think the deficit would go up a lot more than that.   This is a Republican proposal that eliminates the estate tax. What is  the estate tax? Republicans name it the ``death tax,'' but let us be  clear about what this tax is and who benefits from it. Despite  Republican efforts trying to find farmers or ranchers who would benefit  from it, this is not legislation designed to help farmers or ranchers.  This is legislation designed to help the top two-tenths of 1 percent.  So 99.8 percent of the American people will not benefit one nickel from  the repeal of the estate tax. Only the wealthiest of the wealthy will  benefit. If this Republican proposal to repeal the estate tax would go  through, the Walton family of Walmart, the wealthiest family in  America, would receive a tax cut of up to $52 billion.   Does anybody for one second think that, at a time when so many of our  people are struggling and when we have a $20 trillion national debt, we  should be passing legislation that gives the wealthiest family in this  country up to a $52 billion tax break by repealing the estate tax?   But it is not just the Walton family, of course. This is a budget  that says that if you are the second wealthiest family in America, the  Koch brothers--and this, by the way, is just coincidental, no doubt. I  know it is amazing how these coincidences take place. The Koch brothers  are a family who contributed hundreds of millions of dollars year after  year to the Republican Party to elect candidates who represent the  wealthy and powerful. Just coincidentally, that family would receive a  tax break of up to $38 billion.   People ask why the Koch brothers are contributing hundreds of  millions of dollars every campaign cycle. That is a huge amount of  money. That is a huge amount of money for normal families, but when you  are the second wealthiest family and you have a tax break of $38  billion, contributing a few million dollars every campaign cycle is  pocket change and is a good investment.   This is a budget that will cut Medicare by $450 billion. Right now in  this country, we have millions and millions of seniors who are  struggling to make ends meet. They can't afford their prescription  drugs. They can't afford to keep their homes warm in the wintertime.  Yet this Republican budget would cut Medicare by $450 billion.   Now, the Republicans tried, time after time, despite massive  opposition from the American people, to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  In every one of their pieces of legislation, they made devastating cuts  in Medicaid. Well, they are back again. Ostensibly, this is not a  healthcare piece of legislation. It is a budget. It is so-called tax  reform. There is $1 trillion of cuts in the Medicaid Program. So if you  were worried last week, 2 weeks ago, and 1 month ago about what the  terrific Republican healthcare bills would do, stay worried because  this bill will cut $1 trillion over 10 years in Medicaid, resulting in  at least 15 million Americans losing their health insurance.   Can you imagine a set of priorities that says that we are going to  throw 15 million people off of health insurance in order to give tens  of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthiest families in this  country? Unbelievable.   It really is unbelievable.   This proposal not only adds to the deficit, not only makes massive  cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, it also impacts the American people in  many ways. We have a program in this country called the Women, Infants,  and Children Program, and at a time when the United States has the  highest rate of infant mortality of any major country on  [[Page S6278]]  Earth, what we do to try to deal with that issue is provide help to  low-income pregnant women and their babies after the babies are born.  This Republican budget would make about $6.5 billion in cuts to the WIC  Program, eliminating nutrition assistance to over 1.2 million pregnant  women, new moms, babies, and toddlers in Vermont and all over this  country.   Here are the priorities: Tax breaks for the Walton family, for the  Koch brothers' families, who are billionaires, and cuts in programs for  low-income, pregnant women who want to have healthy babies.   At a time when the cost of childcare has skyrocketed all over this  country--in the State of Vermont, it is a very serious problem;  families cannot find affordable childcare--the Republican budget  eliminates Head Start services for 25,000 children each and every year  by cutting this program by about $3 billion. In total, the Republican  budget would cut more than $5 trillion from education, healthcare,  affordable housing, childcare, transportation, and other programs the  working families of this country desperately rely upon.   Let's be clear about something else. This is not me talking;  Republican economists are saying the same thing.   What is the theory underlying this whole approach of giving tax  breaks to billionaires? The theory is that when you give tax breaks to  billionaires and large, multinational corporations, somehow or another,  they are going to start using the new revenue they acquire to invest in  the economy and create decent-paying jobs. This is the so-called  trickle-down economic theory, and this is a theory that Senate  Republicans and President Trump have embraced with this budget.   The fact is that anyone who looks at history understands that whole  theory is a fraud. It has always been an abysmal failure. Since Ronald  Reagan and George W. Bush slashed taxes on the wealthy and deregulated  Wall Street, trillions of dollars in wealth have been redistributed  from the middle class and working families to a handful of millionaires  and billionaires. That is what trickle-down economics results in--a  transfer of wealth from the middle class to the people on top--and that  is exactly what this Republican proposal will do.   Today we have more wealth inequality than at any time since the  1920s. Unbelievably, the top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as  much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. This budget would make a very bad  situation worse, and it would increase the level of wealth inequality  in America today.   As the ranking member of the Budget Committee, I intend to do  everything I can to oppose this absurd set of priorities, and when I do  that, I am speaking for the vast majority of the American people. Poll  after poll after poll tells us that the American people do not think  billionaires need more tax breaks. Poll after poll after poll tells us  that the American people do not agree with the Republican leadership  when they want to throw millions of people off of the health insurance  they have. This is not a budget for the American people. This is not a  budget for economic growth. This is a budget paid for and fought for by  the Koch brothers and a handful of billionaires who will gain very  handsomely if this budget were to be passed.   I would remind my Republican colleagues--and this is not a very  radical idea--that we were elected to the Senate not just to represent  a handful of billionaires; we were elected to the Senate to do our best  for the middle class and working families of our country. This should  not be legislation designed as payback for hundreds of millions of  dollars in campaign contributions. We need to pass legislation that  protects the interests of working families and the middle class and  lower income people.   Thank you, Mr. President.   (Mr. STRANGE assumed the Chair.)   