 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands for all of her hard work on this Special Order hour. I enjoy  coanchoring with the gentlewoman because of her commitment and wanting  to get out these important messages.   I think the message we want to talk about today is the first 100  days. I don't know about you all, but I am disappointed in these first  100 days.   There were a lot of things that we were told were going to happen,  and many of those things just hadn't happened. There has been a lot of  flip-flopping. I know that you have seen that. We saw it on Syria. We  saw it on NATO. We saw it on many other things that there was a whole  lot of talk that happened in 2016, but there ain't a whole lot of  walking that has happened in 2017 as far as follow-up is concerned.  That is the sort of thing that all Americans should be worried about in  these first 100 days that ended on Saturday.   Many of us hoped that the rhetoric, that the foolishness, the  tweeting, that those types of things would stop. That hasn't stopped.   A lot of us actually hoped that--hey, if you want to talk about  bringing some jobs back to somebody, I am for bringing jobs back. I am  more committed to jobs and having jobs here in this country, and he  hasn't done anything when it comes to jobs.   There has been absolutely no follow-up whatsoever when it comes to  helping the American man and woman reopen factories, when it comes to  helping the American man and woman help pay for their child care. When  it comes to things like Davis-Bacon and putting more money on the table  at the end of the night and in the bank accounts, absolutely nothing  has been done, and that is what we should be concerned about.   The President promised on the campaign trail that he was going to  help these hardworking Americans that I talked about earlier. One of  the things that he talked about was the Buy American, Hire American.  Ain't nothing happening on that. We know that not only did Trump fail  to deliver on these promises, but that he has actually worked against  the best interests of American workers.   He has also gone on to contradict himself on his commitment to job  training. Instead of investing in job training and these crucial  programs, the Trump administration has proposed $2.5 billion in cuts  for the Department of Labor. We have, by many estimates, about a half a  million or more jobs in this country that are high-skilled  manufacturing jobs that we can't fill. These are jobs that could fill  factories back up in the Rust Belt. These are jobs that could fill  factories back up in Texas. These are jobs that could be filled up in  other parts of the country.   You want to cut back on job training when we need to be training  people for these new jobs? These are new manufacturing jobs that deal  with robots, deal with programmers and different areas like that where  the young people don't necessarily have the skills that they need to be  competitive.   You hear about these companies that have come to America, they locate  here--foreign car manufacturers, for instance--and they have to work  with the local community colleges to get the kids on par to work these  new manufacturing jobs. Now is not the time to cut back on job  training. So that is what bothers me in these first 100 days.   The administration has rolled back worker protections that keep  Americans safe while on the job. Last month, President Trump changed  the law so that employers now only have 6 months to report workplace  injuries and illnesses instead of the previously required 5-year  reporting window. Scaling back the requirement does not allow the  Department of Labor to get a full picture of a given workplace. It  makes it more difficult to spot a trend of endangering employees.   Trump also gutted another worker protection that would have made it  harder for companies to secure Federal contracts if they have a history  of labor law violations. That protection is now gone. It is gone. It  has disappeared.   Above all else, President Trump has still not put forward a single,  concrete, job-creating bill like he pledged. He betrayed his promise to  make rebuilding America's infrastructure a top priority of this  administration. He has failed to mention a word about protecting the  Davis-Bacon Act which, as you know, would ensure that workers are paid  fairly should an infrastructure bill come together.   Again, when you are talking about money, I mean that is a very  serious topic. Money decides whether or not you can pay your bills,  whether or not you can put food on the table, whether or not you can  buy your kids clothes, whether or not you can make the car payment.   The Davis-Bacon Act is a basic fundamental. If you cannot protect  that, those prevailing wages that give people the opportunity to earn a  good income, again, then you are just talking and you ain't walking.  That is what I am worried about in these first 100 days.   You are going to hear a lot from the Congressional Black Caucus  tonight about how the President has failed to deliver on so many of his  campaign promises, how he is trying to take away health care from 24  million Americans. High-risk pools are absolutely terrible.   One of the things the Obama administration did was it gave people who  have preexisting conditions the chance to have affordable healthcare  insurance. Thinking about taking insurance away from 24 million people,  thinking about taking those protections from individual families that  have those preexisting conditions, I think, is absolutely terrible.  [[Page H2997]]    There are just so many policies that actually directly affect the  American family. Remember, the very first day--and there have been so  many bad things that have happened in these 100 days that we don't even  have enough time to cover all of them tonight, but you probably  remember the very first day, the first-time home-buyer program was  suspended.   There is nothing that exemplifies what it means to be American as it  means to own a home. That is the first day, the first action, the most  antiworker, most antifamily action that anyone could take--got rid of  the first-time home-buyer program. He got rid of the first-time home- buyer program that helped individuals have a piece of the American  Dream: homeownership.   We have seen the statistics about what homeownership means to the  American family, what that means for the stability of American  families, kids being able to have that backyard to play in, being able  to go to that neighborhood school, to have that home to call your own  to raise your family. It is so much more than just a home. It is really  the foundation of who we are as Americans.   Getting rid of the first-time home-buyer program, that is not doing  anything to help American families. That is not doing anything to help  American workers.   I am glad that we have so many great voices here tonight within the  CBC that are going to talk about these first 100 days and about the  failings of these first 100 days and about how the people that were  there, the people that thought that there were going to be some real  changes, how they have been misled. They have been misled.   They have been taken down this road, and it is not a road of  prosperity. It is a road of less prosperity. It is a road of dismay,  despair, less money, more expensive insurance, no insurance, and it is  going to hurt the American worker and the American family.   So I just really appreciate everything that the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett) is doing today and hope that we can  continue to get the media and the newspapers and the cable TV news  people out here to really focus in and hone in on some of these  problems that we are seeing coming out of the White House at 1600  Pennsylvania.   