 Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the Paul  amendment. This amendment includes reconciliation instructions to cut  nearly $100 billion in programs that are vital to working families in  this country, including education, healthcare, nutrition, affordable  housing, and many, many other programs.   This amendment paves the way to make it easier to cut Medicare by  over  [[Page S6622]]  $400 billion and Medicaid by over $1 trillion over the next decade in  order to provide almost $2 trillion in tax cuts to the top 1 percent.   This amendment should be defeated.    Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the Paul  amendment. In the budget we are debating today, my Republican  colleagues have required the Finance Committee to increase the deficit  by $1.5 trillion over the next decade. This budget would pave the way  for massive cuts to Medicare and Medicaid in order to provide the  wealthiest people in this country with incredibly large tax breaks.   Senator Paul thinks that doesn't go far enough. His amendment would  allow the Senate to increase the deficit by $2.5 trillion, allowing for  even greater cuts to Medicare, to Medicaid, and even bigger tax breaks  for the Koch brothers and their friends.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment.    Mr. President, Chairman Enzi suggests that this is just  a ``technical corrections amendment.'' Actually, that is not quite  accurate.   At a time when the United States spends more on defense than the next  12 countries combined, amazingly, this  [[Page S6629]]  amendment paves the way for a $91 billion increase in defense spending  in fiscal year 2018.   This amendment would renew the Republican effort to repeal the  Affordable Care Act and throw up to 32 million Americans off of the  health insurance they currently have, increase premiums for older  workers, and make even more harmful cuts to Medicaid.   This amendment includes a provision requiring the use of so-called  dynamic scoring, or what President George H.W. Bush appropriately  referred to as voodoo economics, allowing the Republicans to claim that  their massive tax breaks for the rich will pay for themselves.   At a time when the cost of college education is skyrocketing, this  amendment calls for dramatic cuts to student financial aid.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. President, this is not a bad budget bill. It is a  horrific budget bill, an extremely cruel bill, and the most unfair  budget ever presented in the modern history of our country.   At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, this budget  provides $1.9 trillion in tax breaks for the top 1 percent. At a time  when millions of working families are struggling to keep their heads  above water, this budget cuts Medicaid by $1 trillion. Fifteen million  Americans could lose their health insurance.   This is a budget that poll after poll shows the American people do  not want. Let us defeat it.   