 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, here we go again, debating the  nomination of a Trump candidate who is both unqualified and reflects an  extreme ideology for the Department she will hope to lead. In this case  it is Seema Verma, and the Department is the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid, or CMS, as it is often called.   Why is CMS, an acronym for a department that most Americans don't  even know about, so important that its nominee would make it to the  floor of the U.S. Senate for debate? Because 100 million Americans  receive health insurance coverage under one of our Federal insurance  programs--Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program,  and the health insurance marketplace created by the Affordable Care  Act, all of which are under the jurisdiction of CMS.   CMS is the traffic cop of our Federal Government healthcare system.  It makes sure that Americans have access to affordable, quality  healthcare by administering and overseeing all aspects of our Federal  health program. It promotes healthcare innovation and works to reduce  waste, fraud, and abuse throughout our healthcare system.   Under the Trump administration and Republican leadership, which has  vowed to repeal ObamaCare and get rid of Medicaid as we know it, the  leader of CMS will be the person responsible for reducing Federal  spending on public insurance programs, particularly for the poor, the  elderly, and the disabled. Seema Verma is President Trump's nominee to  try to meet that misguided and heartless challenge.   Republicans have an ancient animosity toward Medicaid, and it would  seem that Ms. Verma shares that prejudice. Ms. Verma is most well known  for proposals that penalize and create roadblocks to coverage for low- income Americans. She supports changes to Medicaid that would make it  harder for those who need Medicaid to access it. This stance is  fundamentally antithetical to the core principle of Medicaid, which is  providing coverage for those who cannot afford it. For the most part,  we are talking about poor people in the United States of America in  2017.   Despite the fact that research shows the onerous premiums or cost  sharing for low-income individuals served as barriers to enrolling in  and obtaining care, Ms. Verma supported a plan to require Medicaid  enrollees to pay premiums through monthly contributions to a health  savings account. Guess what. People who are poor enough to qualify for  Medicaid rarely have enough money to dedicate to savings accounts of  any kind. They are living day to day, week to week, month to month.   She also supports putting in place restrictions that put more burdens  on low-income Americans than even private insurance. It will be Grandma  and Grandpa who will pay the highest price.   Medicaid isn't just a line in our healthcare budget; it is a lifeline  for millions of seniors in every State of the country. Here are the  facts about the importance of Medicaid to our seniors. It is  anticipated that by 2060, there will be more than 98 million Americans  over the age of 65. The number of individuals over the age of 85 is  expected to reach 14.6 million in 2040--triple the number in 2014. Of  this population, 70 percent will likely use long-term services and  supports, of which Medicaid is the primary player. Medicaid spent $152  billion on long-term support services like nursing home care in 2014.  [[Page S1716]]    Let me say that again. The entire defense budget is about $550  billion. We spent as a nation $152 billion--a little less than one- third of the defense budget--to take care of Grandma and Grandpa in  nursing homes in 2014. They may have Alzheimer's, they may have other  diseases, but, unfortunately, most families can't save $50, $60,  $70,000 for year after year of nursing home coverage; that is Grandma  and Grandpa.   The anticipated growth rate for Medicaid beneficiaries over the age  of 65 is four times the rate of growth for all Medicaid beneficiaries.  The only thing growing faster than the need for Medicaid is the number  of people who are opposed to repealing the Medicaid expansion under  ObamaCare. Medicaid pays for nearly two-thirds of individuals living in  nursing homes.   Can I say that again? Medicaid pays for two-thirds of individuals  living in nursing homes in our country. So if you know a family member  who is in a nursing home who has Alzheimer's or some other disease, you  can just assume that Medicaid is helping that family to ensure that  Grandma or Grandpa is getting the care they deserve for what they did  to build this great country.   Fundamentally restructuring Medicaid will place additional strain on  already strapped State budgets because nursing facility care is a  mandated Medicaid benefit. States may offset the increased costs in  covering this service by further cutting payments to providers or  removing benefits that seniors want and need, like home- and community- based services. It also puts more strain on working-class families  because if Medicaid isn't picking up the cost of putting your grandma  in a nursing home, that comes out of the pockets of other contributors  to the family.   Unfortunately, Republicans want to undermine the Medicaid expansion  under the Affordable Care Act, which is benefiting millions of seniors.  They want to force seniors to pay more out-of-pocket for healthcare or  forgo coverage because they cannot afford it.   What Republicans refuse to accept is that the Affordable Care Act is  the most important program we have put in place for seniors since  Medicare. The uninsured rate for Americans aged 50 to 64 dropped by  nearly half after the passage of the ACA. The uninsured rate for this  older population living in Medicaid expansion States was 4.6 percent  while the uninsured rate for the same population living in a non- Medicaid expansion State was 8.7 percent--almost double.   Not only does the Republican proposal amount to an age tax by  substantially increasing the amount an insurance company can charge for  an older person, but it provides older Americans with fewer resources  than what is available under ObamaCare to help cover their increased  costs for care.   Unfortunately, as Republicans attempt to repeal ObamaCare, CMS is  authorized by President Trump's Executive order to ``minimize the  unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens'' of ObamaCare. In simple  terms, that means undoing and privatizing vital provisions of the  Affordable Care Act as soon as possible under the law.   CMS has also picked up a sledgehammer. It has already proposed new  rules of slashing open enrollment times for the exchanges by over a  month. It has proposed rules to relax the minimum standards for what  qualifying health plans sold on the exchanges have to cover.   Now, more than ever, we need a leader at CMS who understands and  respects the fundamental need for healthcare for our seniors, and for  so many of them, that need is met by Medicaid. Ms. Verma's disdain for  Medicaid is simply an insurmountable problem for the millions of older  Americans in this country who rely upon this fundamental program.   Given her lack of experience and extreme views, several major groups  that represent millions of working-class Americans have voiced strong  opposition to her confirmation.   This is what the American Federation of State, County and Municipal  Employees of the AFL-CIO said:   ``Leading CMS is too important a role to be held by an individual who  is committed to policies so radical they would jeopardize the health  and lives of ordinary Americans.''   I could not agree more.   Seema Verma is the wrong person to run CMS at a time when millions of  Americans are relying on the dignity and coverage that Medicare and  Medicaid provide.   Instead of cutting funding for defense, Donald Trump wants to cut  programs for the defenseless. The Trump administration would rather  bestow billions more to the Pentagon to pay for new nuclear weapons,  which we do not need and cannot afford, all the while supporting cuts  to Medicaid and senior health. We should be cutting Minuteman missiles  instead of Medicaid. We should be cutting gravity bombs instead of  Grandma's prescriptions.   The Trump administration's plan for Medicaid and our overall  healthcare system would be a nightmare for Grandma and Grandpa and  millions of middle-class Americans.   I am opposed to Seema Verma's nomination, and I call on my colleagues  to join me in voting no on her nomination when it is presented on the  Senate floor.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The Senator from Colorado.   