 Mr. Chairman, $20.2 trillion. Our national debt is more  than $20.2 trillion.   Let's put it this way: each American's share of the national debt is  $62,000. From the retiree in North Carolina who has already done so  much to serve the country, to the newborn child in New York with so  much potential, that is $62,000. In fact, it is more than the median  American family brings home in an entire year.   Our debt continues to mount, even as Federal reserves reach record  highs. This leads to an undeniable conclusion, even from Captain  Obvious: the Federal Government has a spending problem.   The growing Federal Government has significant negative consequences  for the country and its people. The large Federal debt reduces  investment, productivity, and wages, while Federal interventions in the  economy reduce the incentive to work, resulting in a shrinking labor  market.   The debt can have dangerous implications for our national security,  recently causing a bipartisan group of leading national security  officials to write that ``our long-term debt is the single greatest  threat to our national security.''   Most fundamentally, when the Federal Government is too big and too  intrusive, it interferes with our unalienable rights to life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness.   Eleven months ago, the American people voted to give Republicans  unified control of government. Now it is time to follow through and  implement the policy agenda that Congress and the President were  elected on.   As the calendar moves into fall, the grade of the 115th Congress will  be delivered on whether we can reform our inefficient Tax Code. This  process starts with the budget. Along with repealing ObamaCare and  securing our border, the Republican Study Committee budget allows us to  fulfill these promises, and more.   This fiscal year 2018 RSC budget ensures a strong national security,  robust economic growth, equal opportunity for all, a sustainable social  safety net, and a return to constitutionally limited government, all  with a goal of securing America's future economy.   Instead of a future of high debt and low growth, the RSC budget  proposes a positive blueprint for success and opportunity. Our budget  focuses on progrowth, profamily policies that will boost America's  economy and provide a strong fiscal foundation for generations to come.   Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would like to thank my friend, Mr.  McClintock, for his leadership of the RSC budget task force, as well as  all the members of the Republican Study Committee who participated in  this effort.   With this budget, we have accomplished our goals of detailing the  variety of bold policy solutions, as well as helping to influence the  balanced budget offered by my friend, Chairman Black, to include  meaningful, enforceable, reconciliation targets, as the RSC budget  does, so that we can begin the essential task of implementing these  policies into law.   My fellow Members, when will our debt matter? Next year? The year  after?  [[Page H7859]]    In 6 years, we are projected to spend more than $650 billion on  interest alone on our debt.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from North Carolina.    What will it take for our friends on the left to stop  hijacking the American Dream for our children and grandchildren? Is it  not a moral injustice to leave this level of debt to the next  generation?   Mr. Chairman, we have been making this argument in the House for  years. Today, it is time to make a difference.   