 Mr. Speaker, more jobs, bigger paychecks, and fairer  taxes. Those are the three big promises of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  and I am proud to lend my support.   This tax relief legislation serves as an opportunity for all American  families to achieve the American dream--because it is crafted with  working families and providing relief for the middle class in mind.   This bill does much to reform and revitalize the tax code. I look  forward to doing even more to assist American families and communities,  ensure U.S. companies can fairly compete with foreign counterparts, and  close existing loopholes in our laws. For years, our nation's high  corporate tax rate has created an unlevel playing field for U.S.  businesses to compete in global markets. By reducing rates and moving  to a territorial system much in line those of our international  competitors, we will incentivize companies to build investment here,  thereby creating new jobs and increasing take-home pay for hardworking  Americans.   Further compounding this problem is the ability, in some industries,  for foreign-based competitors to exploit loopholes in the tax code to  avoid taxes altogether. For instance, under current law foreign-based  reinsurers to transfer a portion of their profits to offshore tax  havens, and thus shielded from our corporate tax rate, has essentially  gutted the domestic reinsurance industry over; the last two decades.  Rather than allowing our domestic insurers to effectively compete, this  uneven and unfair playing field instead promotes the use of foreign  inversions and affiliate transactions to achieve a lower tax rate. This  environment erodes the U.S. tax base to the tune of billions, and  forces U.S. insurers to decide whether solely-domestic operations,  which many have maintained for decades, is worth paying a higher  effective tax rate. Mr. Speaker, these are not decisions that our tax  code should force on job creators.   As our country competes with the rest of world in a 21st century  global economy, it is essential that our tax policies offer  opportunities for job creators in the United States of all sizes to  grow, thrive, create jobs, and increase the take-home pay for all hard- working Americans so that they may thrive and seek their dreams.   As the U.S. economic engine drives forward, aided significantly by  the passage of this historic legislation, we must also ensure that  neglected and distressed communities are kept in mind. My district in  southern Ohio has leveraged the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) and  Historic Tax Credit (HTC) to bring hundreds of millions of dollars of  investment to such areas, and the net result is thousands of permanent  new jobs and housing units in my district alone.   Given the positive impacts these pro-growth credits have had in my  district and across the country, I was hopeful for the preservation of  NMTC and HTC as my colleagues on the Ways & Means Committee crafted  this legislation. While H.R. 1 would repeal both credits, the Senate's  proposal would retain the NMTC and a modified version of the HTC. I  hope the House and Senate come to a productive solution in conference.   More broadly, I encourage my colleagues in the upcoming House and  Senate conference process to produce a final version that will ensure  our tax relief creates a level playing field for all competitors in an  interconnected world, and realizes the vast potential of our nation's  overlooked communities.   Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of America's future  generations who will be saddled with an unsurmountable debt created by  H.R. 1, the Republican Tax plan, I must object to it. This rushed piece  of legislation will not only add more than $1.7 trillion to the  national debt over the next 10 years, but it will also shift the burden  of paying for that debt to our hard working families.   Despite our Republican colleagues' assertions that this tax plan will  benefit the majority of Americans, numerous economists disagree. They  note that nearly 45 percent of all households with children will see a  tax increase, while 80 percent of our wealthiest citizens will receive  a tax cut by 2027.   Even more egregious, this tax bill seeks to eliminate the long- standing State and Local Tax deduction, subjecting every wage earner's  income to double taxation. This defeats the original framers' intent to  avoid a system of double taxation.   The original tax code, drafted in 1913, consisted of three pages in  its entirety and included the State and Local Tax deduction at the core  of its responsible tax policy to ensure state and local governments  could raise revenues for public schools, police, fire, and emergency  services.   Plain and simple, this tax plan is a tremendous windfall for our  wealthiest 1 percent and large corporations. It favors large businesses  over small businesses, it favors sending jobs overseas rather than  creating jobs at home, it favors the wealthy over hourly wage earners,  and it pays for these tax cuts for the wealthy by raising taxes on our  middle class families  [[Page H9413]]  to the detriment of Medicare, Medicaid, education, and other vital  public services.   The fact is, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so skewed to benefit the  wealthiest 1 percent in America that it could more accurately be named,  ``H.R. 1 percent'' I urge my colleagues to support the 99 percent of  Americans instead, and to oppose this plan. Vote no on H.R. 1.   