 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  3441, the Save Local Business Act.   Mr. Speaker, this debate boils down to whether we want local  entrepreneurship and community engagement through the franchise model  or a one-size-fits-all, top-down model.   When I served as chairman of the HELP Subcommittee, we heard  testimony about the effect of this new joint employer standard from Mr.  Ed Braddy, who owns a Burger King in inner-city Baltimore. Many of the  men Mr. Braddy hires to work at his store have had a run-in with the  criminal justice system, and several of the women he hires has been on  some form of government assistance.   He hires people to give them an opportunity at a better life, as he  described it.   If the new joint employer standard proceeds, the Burger King  corporation will be liable for many of the hiring decisions that are  made by Mr. Braddy. Why would we expect any corporation to know a  community better than someone like Mr. Braddy, who grew up there?  Shouldn't we expect that a corporate entity would be more risk averse  and less likely to give people a second chance?   Think about the incredible story Mr. Braddy has to tell. He dropped  out of high school in the 11th grade before returning when his life was  headed in the wrong direction, according to him. He joined the  Baltimore Police Department, and then he began working in a Burger  King. After the first Burger King he owned closed, he ultimately  rejoined Burger King and purchased his current store.   What is remarkable is when Baltimore experienced unrest several years  ago, Mr. Braddy's store was at the epicenter, his neighbors stood  outside to protect it from being destroyed, and his was one of the only  restaurants open for business the next day.  [[Page H8574]]    Mr. Speaker, if this is not the American Dream, I don't know what is.  On a recent trip that our conference took there, including the  chairwoman, we dined with Mr. Braddy at his restaurant in Baltimore. He  was a wonderful host, I might add.   Joint employer isn't just about restaurants. Hotel owners, fitness  companies, movers, tutoring services, janitorial services, and the list  goes on and on, anyone who franchises their business is affected by  this ruling.   I am pleased the Labor Department is reviewing this standard, but  this can't be a constantly changing standard while long-term damage is  done to local entrepreneurship.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the joint employer  standard that protects workers and allows the franchise model to  flourish.   