 Mr. President, there is a saying, an old adage, that  history doesn't repeat, but it rhymes.   Over the past week, the dramatic firing of James Comey has recalled  past events--history that involved one of the major scandals in our  Nation's past--the Watergate scandal.   In Watergate, the saying originated--another very common saying--that  the coverup is worse than the crime. The danger now in the United  States--the greatest country in the history of the world, with the most  effective and fair justice on our planet--is that, in fact, there may  be a coverup, and that the truth will be stifled, and people who should  be held accountable will not be. That is the danger.   In this instance, in comparison to Watergate, actually, the crime is  extraordinarily serious. In Watergate, there was a two-bit break-in or  burglary, and the coverup, in fact, involved obstruction of justice.  What we have here is a deliberate, purposeful assault on our American  democracy by the Russians through a cyber attack that involved, really,  in effect, an act of war--a combination of cyber, propaganda, and  misinformation spread deliberately; it involved hacking into both major  parties and the spread of the results of that hacking for one of those  parties--possibly influencing the outcome of the election.   The issue of whether and how the outcome of that election may have  [[Page S2907]]  been influenced will be discussed and contended through the annals of  history. Regardless of your point of view on what the impact was, the  fact is, the criminal action by the Russians interfering with our  election must be investigated aggressively and impartially, and the  Russians, and anyone who aided and abetted them, must be held  accountable. That is what the American people want. They want the truth  uncovered, and they want to hold accountable anyone who colluded with  the Russians in this attack on our Nation, anyone who aided and abetted  or assisted them, anyone who bears a responsibility and should be held  criminally culpable.   The Watergate scandal was eventually successfully prosecuted. It took  years to do so. The appointment of a special prosecutor was key to that  effort. In fact, Elliott Richardson was not only requested, he was  required to appoint a special prosecutor as a condition of his  confirmation. He was specifically directed by the Judiciary Committee  of the U.S. Senate, and he agreed to do so. Archibald Cox was  appointed, and then President Nixon fired Elliott Richardson as well as  his deputy, William Ruckelshaus, because they refused to dismiss  Archibald Cox.   The principle here--the rhyming of history if not its repeating--is  that sometimes investigations come so close to power and the truth  about the power that there is an effort to stifle them.   Watergate involved a two-bit burglary. This crime involves the theft  of our democracy by the Russians and by others who may have colluded  with him. So a successful investigation here goes to the fundamental  principle that our elections will be free and credible, that they will  be honest, without foreign interference or meddling by anyone.   The firing of James Comey as FBI Director is reminiscent of what  happened with the dismissal of two Attorneys General and then a special  prosecutor because it raises the possibility that an investigation will  be catastrophically compromised and undermined by the President of the  United States.   Just last week, I asked James Comey whether the President of the  United States might currently be a target of the criminal  investigation. Director Comey would not and could not rule out that  possibility because he cannot speak about targets freely and openly,  but we know some of the individuals implicated are close associates of  the Trump campaign, including Michael Flynn, Carter Page, Roger Stone,  and Paul Manafort. Each had different roles; for example, Paul Manafort  was a leader of the campaign.   We know that subpoenas have been issued from a grand jury in the  Eastern District of New York for materials relating to Michael Flynn  and to his associates. We know that then-Deputy Attorney General Sally  Yates went to the White House and warned that he might be vulnerable to  blackmail because he had lied to the Vice President.   We know also that very possibly he lied to the FBI. He deceptively  omitted from materials or responses he gave in his security clearance  information about payments to him from the Russians and the Turkish  Government and that he may have committed other very serious violations  of criminal law, punishable by years in prison. That investigation is  ongoing now.   As I speak on the floor of the U.S. Senate, my hope is that agents of  the FBI are doing their work, as they have done for decades, with  integrity and determination and dedication. I know the work the FBI  does, having worked with them as the U.S. Attorney in Connecticut. It  is not only one of our premier law enforcement agencies, there is none  finer in the world. I have confidence that they will continue this  investigation successfully, meaning that they will achieve a just  result, if there is the right leadership.   That is why I believe now there is no question that an independent  special prosecutor must be appointed. There is no longer any doubt that  an independent special prosecutor is necessary for the appearance and  credibility, the appearance of integrity, and the credibility and  objectivity of this investigation.   The different contradictory stories surrounding the firing of James  Comey emphasizes this point. Initially, the decision was made by Rod  Rosenstein as Deputy Attorney General, but of course it involved also  the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, who never should have been  involved because he was recused from the investigation. The reason  given by Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein involved the Hillary  Clinton emails and statements made by Jim Comey 10 months ago--an  explanation that defied belief, a pretense that was laughable and  especially unfortunate--even tragic--from a career professional  prosecutor like Rod Rosenstein.   Well, that explanation now has been supplanted; in fact, as recently  as this morning, in an interview the President gave to Lester Holt of  NBC, acknowledging that he made the decision because he had lost faith  in Jim Comey. Never mind that he reaffirmed that faith shortly after  his inaugural. Never mind that he praised Jim Comey on the campaign  trail. His reasons for dismissing Jim Comey also defy belief.   This set of incidents shakes to the core the trust all of us should  have in our justice system, in the integrity of our public officials,  in the capability of that system to uncover the truth and hold  accountable anyone who has violated the law.   President Trump has now fired not one but two high-ranking Justice  officials after they told him about suspicions that he or his  associates have broken the law; first, Sally Yates and now Director  Comey.   Attorney General Sessions has shown through his role in the Comey  firing that even after he has recused himself from an investigation, he  will help the President punish Justice Department officials who are  pushing that investigation forward.   Maybe most disappointing, Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein--the man  now responsible for the Trump-Russia investigation--has permitted  himself to become a pawn in President Trump's game. His credibility and  integrity may well have been irredeemably sacrificed. The only way for  him to restore it now is to appoint a special prosecutor. That power is  his alone. The rules and regulations of the Department of Justice not  only permit it, in my view, the standards of ethics require it because  he now is irrevocably conflicted.   President Trump, Attorney General Sessions, and Deputy Attorney  General Rod Rosenstein want Americans to believe Comey was fired  because he publicly discussed his investigation into Hillary Clinton.  That kind of statement betrays contempt for the intelligence of the  American people because we remember President Trump applauding Director  Comey's decision to discuss the Clinton investigation. He even used his  letter firing Director Comey to publicly discuss the details of an FBI  investigation, saying he has been told three times that he is not under  investigation--albeit details I find very hard to believe.   He has called this investigation a charade. He has called the  allegations of Russia meddling and Trump associates' collusion with it  a hoax. He has belittled and demeaned not only the judges of our  Federal bench, but, by implication, the hard-working men and women of  the FBI who are doing an investigation which he says is ``a taxpayer- funded charade.'' That statement is a disservice to the FBI--a  nonpolitical, nonpartisan law enforcement agency without superior in  the world. They deserve and need a special prosecutor who can lead them  in this moment of crisis.   Make no mistake, we face a looming constitutional crisis. The case of  United States v. Nixon, which involved enforcement of subpoenas against  the President, is no longer a matter of idle speculation; it is a real  possibility.   What the FBI also needs now are resources to make sure this  investigation is conducted fairly, impartially, objectively, and  independently, with sufficient agents, staff, and other support. In  fact, in my view, one of the precipitating factors in the firing of  James Comey was his going to the Deputy Attorney General and asking for  more resources. As a prosecutor, I know resources are the lifeblood of  a successful investigation. An investigation deprived of resources  cannot reach a just result; it will be strangled, stifled, and stopped.  And that is clearly the purpose of some in this administration, perhaps  because it is coming close to people whom they want to protect.  [[Page S2908]]    Congress can and must use every tool at our disposal to make sure the  investigation of the Trump administration's and campaign's ties to  Russia and the potential ongoing coverup of those ties is affirmed. The  true and independent special prosecutor is the only one who can assure.  Our Intelligence Committees can produce findings and recommendations.  An independent commission, which I support, can hold hearings in public  and also produce a report. But only a special prosecutor can bring  criminal charges and hold accountable anyone and everyone who should  bear a price.   On both sides of the aisle, we have said the Russians must pay a  price or they will do again in 2018 what they did in 2016, but so  should the people who aided and abetted and colluded with them. If they  fail to pay a price, they will do it again, too, corrupting our system,  undermining the rule of law, and imperiling our democracy.   If the President continues to object to an independent investigation  or special prosecutor, people of good will on both sides of the aisle  must stand up to him and demand one. I am encouraged by some of what my  Republican colleagues have told me over the last 24 hours.   I believe we are at a rhyming moment when the integrity of our  justice system and our democracy is at stake. People, regardless of  their political affiliation, owe it to our democracy to come forward,  to recognize the gravity of this moment, and to stand up and speak out.  I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will do so.   We may disagree about a lot of things, but on this point, we should  agree fundamentally. Part of our obligation is to call before us Deputy  Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and, separately, Attorney General Jeff  Sessions, as well as former FBI Director Jim Comey, to hear from them  their views of this tragic and terrifying episode in our history. This  firing must be a subject for our investigation. We owe it to the  American people.   I thank my colleagues in advance for proving that this investigation  is no charade. It is no hoax. It is deadly serious, and the failure to  appoint an independent prosecutor could be deadly to our democracy.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   