 Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    I thank the Senator for yielding, and I thank the Senator  from Ohio for talking about this very important issue.   Fentanyl is a killer that is descending upon every single community  in the United States. Fentanyl is a synthetic opioid that is 50 times  stronger than heroin and 100 times more powerful than morphine.  Fentanyl is the Godzilla of opioids.   Senator Brown represents Ohio; I represent Massachusetts. The  fentanyl epidemic has a bull's-eye on Ohio and a bull's-eye on  Massachusetts. The deaths from fentanyl are skyrocketing. In 2016,  upwards of 70 to 75 percent of all of the opioid deaths in  Massachusetts were because of fentanyl. Fentanyl was found in the blood  system of those people who died. Last year, 2,000 people in  Massachusetts died of overdoses. Three-quarters of them had fentanyl.  If the epidemic had been hitting the rest of the country at the same  rate that it has been hitting Massachusetts, last year 75,000 people  would have died with fentanyl in their blood systems.   Last night, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released  shocking new numbers on drug overdose deaths in the United States.  These numbers show the spike in deaths caused by fentanyl and other  synthetic opioids.   Here are the new numbers nationwide. More than 42,000 Americans died  from an opioid overdose last year. That is a 27-percent increase over  the number of Americans who died from an opioid overdose in 2015. It  went up 27 percent from 2015 to 2016. Of the 42,000 lives lost to  opioids last year, nearly half of them nationwide--just over  [[Page S8210]]  19,000--can be directly attributed to fentanyl and other synthetic  opioids. The number is a much higher percentage in Massachusetts.   Fentanyl is overrunning our communities, laying waste to them. There  is no easy solution, but we know that we must staunch the flow of this  drug before we lose an entire generation to this terrible killer. That  is why I introduced legislation with Senator Brown and Senator Rubio to  help those on the frontlines stop this deadly drug from ever getting  into our communities. The bill is called the INTERDICT Act. It provides  badly needed high-tech equipment and other scientific resources to U.S.  Customs and Border Protection to catch illicit fentanyl being  trafficked into the United States, mainly from China and Mexico.   When U.S. Customs and Border Protection detects a suspicious package  or substance, it has had very good success identifying an illicit drug  like fentanyl with the help of high-tech, hand-held chemical screening  devices. Using these devices, Customs and Border Protection agents can  detect, identify, and seize illicit drugs like fentanyl on the spot.  Those rapid results provide vital information for border agents to  continue their investigation and, if appropriate, proceed with seizure  and arrest.   What is more, these devices and their ability to immediately identify  fentanyl and other hazardous illicit substances also serve to safeguard  the health and well-being of Customs and Border Protection agents so  they are not accidentally exposed to fentanyl. That is what these  devices help to make possible.   So we introduced the INTERDICT Act with Sherrod Brown of Ohio;  Senator Capito, the Presiding Officer in the Senate today; Senator  Rubio; and we have added another 16 Senators from both sides of the  aisle.    Madam President, I would be glad to yield.    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Madam President, I thank the Senator for yielding.   Can I just list the names of the organizations that support this bill  so the police can interdict, stop the fentanyl from coming into our  country?   It is the National Fraternal Order of Police, it is the Federal Law  Enforcement Officers Association, it is the National Border Control  Council, it is the Police Assisted Recovery Initiative, it is the  National Sheriffs' Association, the National Tactical Officers  Association, the National Association of Police Organizations, the  National Narcotics Officers' Associations' Coalition, the Sergeants  Benevolent Association, the American Legion, the International Union of  Police Associations, the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the Major  County Sheriffs of America, and the Massachusetts Coalition of Police.  So it is pretty much every single law enforcement agency at all levels  in the country saying: Please give us this tool now so we can detect  this incredible killer in our country.   Three former Commissioners of U.S. Customs and Border Protection,  appointed by both Democratic and Republican Presidents, support the  INTERDICT Act. President Trump's nominee to head the agency, Kevin  McAleenan, testified that he supports getting more of these high-tech  scanners into the hands of Customs and Border Patrol.   Despite working for months with Senate leadership to try and secure  authorization for funding, we just can't seem to get this over the  finish line so that in the new year they have these devices. The way it  works is, you just put the device up next to a package, and it will  tell you if it has got fentanyl or not. Right now, many law enforcement  agencies will not even allow one of their police dogs to sniff for  fentanyl because it will kill the police dog. That is how dangerous  fentanyl is, and that is why these electronic devices are so important.  It ensures that we have minimized the exposure of our officers to these  substances and, at the same time, dramatically increase the likelihood  that we are going to identify the fentanyl in a package and, as a  result, deter these people from China or from Mexico who bring it into  our country and are killing us by the thousands.   At 42,000 deaths last year, it is now approximating the total number  of deaths in the war in Vietnam throughout its entire history. That is  just 1 year, 42,000 people--1 year. That is a terrorist attack of a  magnitude on our own streets that is unimaginable.   With these devices, we don't completely solve the problem, but we put  more weapons in the hands of our law enforcement officials, detection  devices that can minimize the likelihood that these terrible people  from China, from Mexico, principally, can bring this stuff into our  country.   So this is a huge issue. It goes right to the heart of the  seriousness of dealing with this issue. My only hope is, we have an  ability to be able to move this thing forward in a way that lets the  American people say: We understand the issues you want us to work on,  and the opioid crisis is at the top of the list. It is indiscriminate.  It affects potentially every family. No one is immune to addiction. No  family is immune from addiction. It could hit any family at any time,  and fentanyl is the ultimate killer.   I thank the Senator.   