 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I laud the leadership of the gentleman from California  (Mr. Royce) and my good friend, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms.  Frankel), for taking a particular lead in our committee on this  terribly important topic.   I rise in support of H.R. 1625, the Targeted Rewards for the Global  Eradication of Human Trafficking Act. Let me start by again thanking  both of my colleagues for their leadership. I am also proud to be an  original cosponsor of this bill to help bring human traffickers to  justice.   Human trafficking is an abhorrent practice, increasingly perpetrated  by organized criminal enterprises, that deprives people of their most  precious gift: human autonomy. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness presume autonomy. Without autonomy, identity is lost, and the  ability to pursue those inalienable rights Thomas Jefferson wrote about  in our Declaration of Independence do not exist. They are nullified.  This major transnational crime threatens United States security and  humanitarian interests all over the world.  [[Page H4413]]    This bill would allow the State Department to pay cash through the  Rewards for Justice program for information leading to the arrest and  conviction of human traffickers worldwide. These cash rewards are a  proven method for cracking open international criminal networks.   Congress originally established the program to gain more information  in terrorism cases. We have since expanded it to include other crimes  as well. With this legislation, we will give law enforcement the  ability to use this valuable tool in the fight against human  trafficking.   Over the last two decades, the United States has actively fought  human trafficking through provisions laid out in the Victims of  Trafficking and Violence Protection Act, which established the annual  Trafficking in Persons Report and subsequent reauthorizations.   Human trafficking is nothing short of modern-day slavery. As the TIP  Report demonstrates, human trafficking affects, unfortunately, every  country in the world, including, of course, the United States, as the  distinguished chairman described.   As ranking member of the House Oversight Subcommittee on Government  Operations, I joined with the then-subcommittee chairman, James  Lankford, now Senator from Oklahoma, to investigate the abuse of  foreign nationals employed by government contractors. Together, we  introduced the End Trafficking in Government Contracting Act, which was  enacted as part of the fiscal 2013 National Defense Authorization Act.   Whether it takes the form of forced labor or sexual exploitation,  every case of human trafficking deprives an individual of their basic  human rights. More than 20 million people fall victim to this heinous  crime every year. A disproportionate share of the victims are women and  children, and only a very small fraction will ever see their  traffickers held accountable. We must and can do more to bring the  perpetrators of this heinous crime to justice.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It will give law  enforcement a proven method to help finally bring an end to this  modern-day slave trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Frankel), my good friend and coauthor of this  important piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Florida.     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Let every Member of Congress who is a parent, let every American who  is a parent ask himself or herself: How would you feel if your loved  one, your child were made prey by human traffickers? Imagine the  heartache. Imagine the terrible grief, the trauma and tragedy of such a  situation--and now remember 20 million fellow human beings go through  that experience every year.   This is a crime that is repugnant to all human value. This is a crime  we can  [[Page H4414]]  stop. This is a subject matter that can bring us together, irrespective  of whether we are Democrats or Republicans, for the sake of our fellow  human beings, for the sake of that human autonomy that is celebrated in  the Declaration of Independence and enshrined in the Constitution of  the United States and the United Nations' Universal Declaration of  Human Rights.   Let us take this step today. Let us rededicate ourselves to the idea  that all human autonomy is sacred and that that is what we, too, are  dedicated to support and uphold. I urge passage of the legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   