 I thank my friend, Mr. Neal, for yielding and for his  support of this bill. It is very important to the States of South  Carolina and Georgia.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1551 will make two critical modifications to the  nuclear production tax credit program. This bill will allow government- owned electric utilities and nonprofit electric cooperatives to utilize  the credit, which current law restricts to for-profit utilities only.  It will also remove the placed-in-service deadline for facilities to be  completed.   Since the tax credit's original passage in the Energy Policy Act of  2005, four new advanced nuclear plants, the V.C. Summer site in South  Carolina, and the Vogtle site in Georgia, have been licensed by the  Nuclear Regulatory Commission and are under construction.   Both projects are partly owned by State or municipal-owned utilities  or nonprofit electric cooperatives. These public power entities, which  have taken the first steps in constructing new advanced nuclear  facilities, should not be penalized, but should, instead, be treated  similarly to the for-profit utilities for the purpose of these tax  incentives.   The construction that is currently underway in South Carolina and  Georgia employ over 12,000 skilled workers  [[Page H4960]]  and represent billions of dollars of investment. When complete, they  will be the largest addition of carbon-free energy in either State and  will replace older fossil fuel-emitting plants.   Recently, the contractor building both the South Carolina and Georgia  facilities has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, raising the  possibility of further delays in the completion of these projects. It  is critical that the placed-in-service deadline be extended so that  these projects, the first new advanced nuclear construction projects in  this country in over 30 years, may be completed.   While Russia, China, and other countries around the world are  investing in nuclear energy, we cannot afford to walk away from these  important sources of clean energy for future generations.   The modifications in this bill do not expand the tax credit and, as  such, have little additional cost to the taxpayer.   I want to thank my colleagues, Tom Rice and Earl Blumenauer, for  sponsoring this legislation; and Chairman Kevin Brady and Ranking  Member Richard Neal for the support they have given to it.   Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Jody B. Hice).   Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my  colleagues for the comments that have been made regarding this very  important piece of legislation.   We all know that securing American energy independence is absolutely  critical to the future prosperity of this Nation, and nuclear power  plays a major role in that mission.   At the Vogtle plant in Georgia, thousands of engineers and craftsmen,  many of whom live in my district, are hard at work putting the United  States at the forefront of advanced nuclear technology. The Vogtle  plant and its sister plant in South Carolina, V.C. Summer, have four  new, state-of-the-art reactors under construction. The clean, low-cost,  safe energy that is produced from both Vogtle and V.C. Summer will pave  the way for future reactors and mark a new era for nuclear power in the  United States.   H.R. 1551 makes relatively small changes to already established tax  credits, but this legislation will have an enormous impact on ensuring  nuclear power remains a viable source of energy.   So I, again, just want to thank my good friend, Mr. Rice, for  introducing this sincerely important piece of legislation, and I urge  all of my colleagues here to support H.R. 1551.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to support this bill.   