 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky  (Mr. Barr) for his continued commitment to issues surrounding the  availability of affordable manufactured housing. He has been a patient  champion on this and many other issues that impact Americans seeking  access to mortgage financing.   The legislation we consider today amends the Truth in Lending Act to  specify that a retailer of manufactured housing is not a ``mortgage  originator'' subject to requirements under that act. Similarly, the  bill specifies that such a retailer is generally not a ``loan  originator.''   So what do we mean with regard to these technical concerns? They mean  that more people in Missouri and Kentucky and every other State will  have access to manufactured housing.   Certain regulations stemming from Dodd-Frank constricted credit for  manufactured homes. This legislation would help consumers by restoring  access to financing that is currently blocked.   If you want more access to credit, if you want more competition, you  need to support this. What has happened is that the rules and  regulations have constricted the ability of banks and credit unions to  be able to make these kinds of loans.   Housing options in rural America aren't necessarily the same as those  offered in other parts of the Nation. Our rural communities can face a  severely limited affordable housing stock, making the availability of  and financing for manufactured housing all the more important.   That may not be significant to every Member of this body, but it is  certainly important to me and my constituents. Roughly 10 percent of  them live in manufactured housing. It is important to the more than 20  million Americans living in manufactured housing today and the many  Americans who will turn to manufactured housing to fulfill their  housing needs.   As someone whose first home was actually a manufactured home, I can  tell you that this is extremely important to lots and lots of people in  communities in my district.   Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have suggested  this legislation will dilute consumer protections. In reality, this  bill maintains consumer protections. H.R. 1699 allows, for example,  continued CFPB oversight of manufactured housing loans, requires that  consumers be provided with the full litany of disclosure requirements,  and maintains the ``ability to repay'' requirements established in  Dodd-Frank. The idea that this legislation guts consumer protections,  Mr. Speaker, is simply not true.   There has also been the charge that this legislation would help  retailers that originate mortgages. To be clear, H.R. 1699 does not  exempt parties that are actual mortgage originators. If a retailer is  compensated for acting as a mortgage originator, the legal requirements  that apply to other mortgage originators will still apply to them after  passage of this bill.   Manufactured housing provides not just a housing alternative, but an  opportunity for individuals and families to become homeowners. This  legislation ensures manufactured housing remains available and  affordable, without eroding important consumer protections.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important measure.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. Beatty), a member of the Financial  Services Committee.   