 Mr. President, over the past year, our Navy has had four  serious mishaps at sea, including fatal collisions involving the USS  Fitzgerald on one occasion and the USS John S. McCain on another. In  the McCain and Fitzgerald accidents, 17 of our sailors were killed.   In response to these serious incidents, the Chief of Naval  Operations, ADM John Richardson, directed the comprehensive review take  place. Today, the Senate Armed Services Committee was briefed on the  results of this comprehensive review. The results will be made public  either tomorrow or the next day, and Americans will be able to see the  serious situation we are in.   There are various reasons for these collisions and these fatalities,  including, regrettably, human error and unfortunate circumstances, but,  also, the review makes it clear that we are not doing right by our  sailors, we are not doing right by the Navy, and we are not doing right  by the taxpayers, in terms of making sure these brave men and women  have what they need.   We need to work quickly with the Navy here in Congress to implement  the recommendations that will be coming forward later this week. We  need to enhance training and readiness, and we need to recognize--and I  think the majority of this Senate does recognize--that the size of the  fleet has contributed to the problems.   Simply put, we need to acknowledge that the Navy has a supply-and- demand problem. We have a demand for more naval action than the supply  of our ships can produce. Our ship force has declined recently by some  20 percent. We are asking too few ships to do too many things for  American security, and that needs to be rectified.   The consequences of this supply-and-demand mismatch were summed up by  naval analysts Robert C. O'Brien and Jerry Hendrix in a recent National  Review online article. They argue that the Navy is on the precipice of  a ``death spiral,'' wherein more overworked and damaged ships place an  increasingly greater strain on the remaining operational ships, thus  eroding readiness across the fleet.   I agree with Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Hendrix that this situation will  result in ``more collisions, more injuries, and more deaths in the  fleet.'' To avoid this death spiral, we need to commit to growing the  Navy and meeting its minimum requirement of 355 ships.   I have the privilege of chairing the Seapower Subcommittee, which has  held a series of oversight activities, both classified and  unclassified, on the Navy's 355 ship requirement. We have examined the  security environment that drives the requirement to add about 80 more  ships to the fleet. We have listened to Navy leadership, outside  experts, and industry on options, capabilities, and considerations. We  received perspective from the key players behind President Reagan's  naval buildup in the 1980s.   As the Fitzgerald and McCain collisions have demonstrated, the short- term costs of ``doing more with less'' are simply unacceptable. The  long-term implications will prove devastating to American power and the  global order it underpins.   The U.S. military's commanders have identified 18 maritime regions  where the Navy must secure American interests. Our current naval  strategy is designed to command the seas in those regions. The Navy  needs a minimum of 355 ships to get this done.   If the Navy cannot get the bare minimum it needs, then our naval  strategy must change--and, I can assure you, it would be a change for  the worse. Instead of a global command of the seas, what we would get  would be a new, weaker strategy.   What would this look like? In the National Review article I  previously mentioned, authors O'Brien and Hendrix lay out two  alternatives. Neither one of them are pretty.   First, the Navy could strategically withdraw from certain maritime  regions and hope our allies and partners will pick up the slack. Let  Norway, Denmark, and Canada patrol the Arctic; let the Baltic States,  Poland and Germany, patrol the Baltic Sea; let Turkey, Romania, and  Bulgaria patrol the Black Sea. Really? Let Taiwan, the Philippines, and  Malaysia patrol the South Sea China--and hope for the best or we could  return to the pre-World War II unacceptable surge and exercise model.  This strategy involved consolidating a smaller fleet into a few  strategic hubs, deploying occasionally for exercises, and greatly  reducing the number of missions the Navy could perform in peacetime and  in crisis.   In their article, O'Brien and Hendrix note that these two strategies  ``make the past eight years of `lead from behind' look like an  assertive foreign policy.'' These two strategies would create dangerous  power vacuums and shifting allegiances. Our adversaries would use the  Navy's absence to rewrite the rules of global commons. Our allies would  accommodate challengers to the American-led order. Abandoned by  America, in some cases, they would have no choice but to cut deals with  Beijing, Moscow, and Tehran.   I know my colleagues in Congress want a different future. In fact, I  am hopeful we can take the first steps this year toward building up the  fleet. As former Navy Secretary John Lehman told our subcommittee this  year, President Reagan ``reaped 90 percent of the benefits of his  rebuilding program . . . in the first year.'' This took place in the  early 1980s and made clear that President Reagan, Congress, and the  Pentagon were serious about rebuilding the fleet. It sent a signal to  our allies and to the Soviets that America and  [[Page S6914]]  our Navy was coming back in a big way, which makes 2017 and 2018 so  important. I am confident Congress can establish a firm foundation in  the coming months for a fleet buildup.   To that end, I would note that both the House and Senate Defense  authorization bills contain the Wicker-Wittman SHIPS Act, which would  establish a 355-ship requirement as our national policy. Both bills  also contain multiyear procurement authority for Virginia-class attack  submarines and Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. Multiyear procurement  will stabilize the industrial base for those ships and generate  billions in savings, which would be plowed into more shipbuilding. Both  bills contain cost-control measures to protect taxpayers. Although  negotiations are ongoing, the final NDAA conference report should  include the SHIPS Act, multiyear procurement, and acquisition cost  controls.   The Defense authorization bill is a good start, but Congress also  needs to add funding for shipbuilding in upcoming appropriations  legislation. We need an agreement that eliminates the Budget Control  Act with regard to defense spending or at least provides relief.   The bottom line is that a buildup will require more funding.  President Reagan's first defense budget included a 35-percent increase  for the Navy compared to President Carter's last proposed budget, and  it was well worth it. More resources are needed to accelerate  shipbuilding. It is time to end the two decades of low-rate  shipbuilding that has brought us to this point. Compared to its earlier  planned levels, the Navy's Accelerated Fleet Plan concludes that the  shipyards can produce 29 more ships over the next 7 years. Investment  is needed--particularly in submarine facilities--but the yards are up  to the challenge, especially those with hot production lines.   I was disappointed to hear that Acting Under Secretary Thomas Dee, an  Obama holdover still in the Department of the Navy, said last week that  355 ships is probably out of reach until the 2050s. Mr. Dee's pessimism  about the Navy's own requirement is perplexing, when it is incumbent on  the Navy to develop fleet buildup options within budget constraints.  Those current and likely future physical environments were accounted  for in the Navy's 2016 Force Structure Assessment of 355 ships. So we  can do it, and the leadership of the Navy, with the exception of Under  Secretary Dee, knows we can do it.   CNO Richardson's white paper on the future Navy notes that we ought  to achieve a 355-ship fleet in the 2020s--not the 2040s, not the 2050s,  but the 2020s. Thank goodness for the foresight and positive attitude  of the Chief of Naval Operations. He is right--a 355-ship fleet should  be our goal for the next decade. Regrettably, Acting Under Secretary  Dee must have been asleep for the last 9 months while Congress was  talking about this and while we were on the verge of enacting  legislation making a 355-ship Navy the official policy of the United  States of America.   Shipbuilding is indeed a long process, and a 355-ship fleet will not  happen overnight. New ship construction is critical to achieve this  objective, but the Navy should also examine service life extension  programs for older ships and perhaps even reactivating ships in the  Ready Reserve. It is irresponsible to retire ships early if they have  useful life. Such ships may have to be reassigned to less stressing  missions, but they should not be prematurely sold overseas or sunk as  target practice. It is equally irresponsible to miss opportunities to  reactivate retired ships if the benefits exceed the cost. Let's at  least look at that.   The Senate Defense authorization bill includes my amendment directing  the Navy to look at service life extension and reactivation. The Navy  needs to go ship by ship through the inventory and provide Congress  with a thorough analysis of these options, and that is what the Navy is  doing.   As O'Brien and Hendrix write, ``Navies and international influence go  hand in hand.'' A smaller Navy means a smaller role for America, and we  can't afford that. We must cultivate the national will to avoid this  fate.   I urge my colleagues to help me, to help the Armed Services  Committees in both Houses in an effort to begin rebuilding our naval  power at once.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The Senator from Oregon.   