 Mr. Chair, I rise today in respectful opposition to this  amendment.   No one can dispute America's need for icebreakers. These capital  ships are indispensable tools to ensure the safe and rapid movement of  commerce in Arctic waters. I commend my colleagues for their strong  advocacy for these ships and share their belief that we need them.   However, the responsibility and accountability for constructing and  operating America's icebreakers must rest solely where the Congress has  assigned it: the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Coast  Guard.   The question we are debating today is not whether we need  icebreakers, but how to appropriate the funds and who should build  them. As important as icebreakers are, they are not warships, and we  must not allow funding legitimately appropriated for our combat  [[Page H5792]]  fleet to be diverted for nondefense needs.   While I acknowledge the temptation to raid defense accounts for a  worthy cause, we must be mindful of how deep in the hole we are with  our air, land, sea, space, and cyber forces. We need to keep our eye on  the ball in rebuilding our military's readiness and our modernization.   Mr. Chair, I urge a vote ``no'' against this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I just want to point out, when I came to the  Air Force in 1985, we have since then reduced our ICBM force by 60  percent. Enough is enough. Four hundred is the level we should not go  below.   Our strategic nuclear force enterprise is America's force of last  resort and has, for decades, asserted peace through strength for the  United States and its allies around the world.   I would like to remind my colleagues that every one of us in the  House and the many millions of Americans we represent have lived and  prospered in peace precisely because we have made the conscious  decision as a nation many years ago to keep a strong, responsive, and  resilient nuclear deterrent.   The ICBM leg of the nuclear triad is, by design, the largest, safest,  and most responsive part of our central strategic forces. It is the  very foundation of our nuclear deterrent, and we must preserve the  longstanding bipartisan consensus that our ICBMs be kept at high levels  of alert and at sufficient numbers to ensure our nuclear deterrent  stays credible.   As we continue down to a new START level, a treaty level of 400  ICBMs, it is essential that we go no lower. When we say ``promote the  common defense,'' this is what those words mean.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment.   