 Mr. President, I rise in support of the motion to commit  by my friend from the State of Washington. Let me tell you why.   We have a problem that most all of you have in your States, which is  opioids. This opioid addiction that goes on is affecting everybody--not  just Democrats, not just Republicans. I don't care whether you are poor  or rich or whether you are conservative or liberal--it has no base at  all; it is a silent killer.   For the first time, under the Affordable Care Act, we are able to get  some treatment. We have not been able to do that before. The only  treatment people have gotten before--when a parent comes to you and  says: I just have to hope my child--if my child gets arrested, they can  go into drug court, and maybe they can get some care, some treatment.   For the first time, through Medicaid, we can give treatment for  opioid addiction. We never had this chance before, never had this  opportunity. It is really lifesaving for these people. It gets them  back into the workforce, too, and they can clean up their lives. They  really want this done.   We are talking about 33,000 Americans who lost their lives in 2015.  In any other scenario, that would be an epidemic or a pandemic. Here we  go. We still don't have any adequate treatment centers. We have no way  that we can go forward and fight this illness. We sit here and talk  about it.   Now we are talking about, well, we know 16 million people are going  to be thrown off. We know that. We know the premiums will go up 20  percent.   Some one said: You know, you can still have preexisting conditions.  We are going to take care of them. They can find it. It is available.   I have said this before: A Rolls Royce is available to me; I just  can't afford to buy it. That is what we are going to be faced with.   But this is fixable. What we have said about fixable, we as  Democrats--there are those of us in this body who will sit down--as  Senator Murray has said--will sit down tonight. We will start tonight  if you want to and look at ways we can make this more effective, more  beneficial for everybody.   When you think about the reinsurance, we know it has worked in  Alaska. The Affordable Care Act--the so-called ObamaCare--has been out  long enough now that we know where the problems are, we know where the  fixes need to be, and we know how do it. We have seen Alaska do  something that looks very promising.   Also, when Vice President Pence was Governor in Indiana, they did a  Medicaid expansion in Indiana. They are putting in accountability and  responsibility. It has great effects. My good friend Mitch Daniels was  the Governor at the time they put this plan into place, and it has  worked and worked well.   We are willing to sit and talk. These are good things. We think we  can make this happen. We have been shut down at every turn. I have  said: This is not how we were taught in West Virginia. It is not how we  do business. We sit down and work through it.   I don't care what side of the aisle you are on--we came here to do  the right thing for the country. We are all Americans. We all have  something in common. We are all on the same team, I hope, and that is  Team America. Let's fix this.   Let me tell you what will happen if you don't fix it. Let me tell you  what will happen for the people who lose it. Do you know where they go  back to? And I don't know why people think there is a savings involved.  They are going back to the emergency room.   When I was Governor, every year they came to me and said: Governor  Manchin, we need $12 million for a rural hospital. We gave all this  charity care away.   They are going to go back to that. Do you think that is quality?  There is no preventive care. There is no planning. There is nothing to  help these people  [[Page S4403]]  have a better quality of life. We are going to pay again. We are going  pay dearly for this. We are not going to have any chance to get people  back in the workforce.   All we are asking for, please vote for Senator Murray's motion to  recommit. Give us a chance to do what we were sent here to do. Let's  work the legislation. Let's sit down and find the commonality that we  can find as Americans and move forward with a piece of legislation that  can change people's lives, that can save people's lives and can give  them hope again for the first time. That is all we are asking for.   I would ask each and every one of us to search our souls and our  hearts while we are here, what we are here to do, what our purpose of  being here is, and give us a chance to fix a healthcare system that  needs to be fixed but also needs to be available for the people in my  great State of West Virginia and everyone in this great country.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   