 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for  yielding to me and for his work on this bill, as well as Chairman  Bishop's work on this legislation and those on the other side of the  aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 954. This bill  simply removes 20-year-old deed use restrictions on 1 acre of land in  Rockingham County, Virginia.   For over 25 years, a little over 3 acres of land and its associated  buildings previously held by the Federal Government have been  maintained by Rockingham County in the Plains Area Daycare Center in  the Sixth District of Virginia.   In 1989, the Federal Government deeded these 3 acres of land, with  restriction, to Rockingham County. However, even prior to this official  declaration, Rockingham County had already been faithfully maintaining  the property no longer utilized by the Federal Government.   The government transferred this land to Rockingham County in 1989  under the condition that this property was to be used for public  purposes. The county then decided that the nonprofit Plains Area  Daycare Center in Broadway, Virginia, which provides childcare on a  sliding scale to many families who otherwise could not afford such a  service, would benefit from the use of the old garage located on the  property.   Therefore, in 1990, Congress enacted Public Law 101-479, which  allowed the deed to be changed from public use to the particular use of  the childcare center. Donations by the community, totaling $75,000,  turned the building into a nursery, daycare, and afterschool care  facility.   Additionally, the establishment of the daycare center provided for  the creation of a playground that the center supports and opens for  public use. To  [[Page H5404]]  be clear, the center and the playground are the sole reason  this previously abandoned government land is being used by the  community.    I have visited the Plains Area Daycare Center on many occasions, and  I have seen the immeasurable investment this center is making in the  community by providing high-quality childcare. Since opening in 1991,  the center has always been at capacity and is the only facility of its  kind in the community.   However, after 2 decades of consistent use, the facility is in  desperate need of repairs. Unfortunately, because of the narrow way  Public Law 101-479 was drafted and because of the terms of the deed,  the daycare center has been unable to obtain a loan to complete much- needed renovations. To solve this problem, my legislation would remove  the deed's use restrictions from the 1 acre of property on which the  building resides.   While I would like to have seen the entire 3 acres released, this  legislation is the result of a compromise that has been endorsed by the  National Park Service and Rockingham County. By passing this  legislation and allowing Rockingham County and, in turn, the Plains  Area Daycare Center more authority over the land, we will ensure that  more children and more of the community will be served.   Mr. Speaker, while my legislation today is simply a formality, it is  of great importance to those being served by this daycare center in the  community. For 25 years, the land has been deeded to Rockingham County,  but with overbearing restrictions. Since it is clear the Federal  Government no longer has a vested interest in the land, it is time to  lift those restrictions to allow the Plains Area Daycare Center to  reach it full potential.   Twenty years ago, Congress made its intention clear that a daycare  facility was to have use of the property, and I am pleased to lead the  charge in fixing the law.   Again, I thank Chairman Bishop and his committee for bringing this  bill before the House. I also thank my legislative assistant, Angela  Inglett, for her hard work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 954 to simply remove the deed  restrictions on 1 acre of land so that the necessary upgrades may be  made to the childcare center and so that this community investment may  continue.   