 Mr. President, I was presiding when the colloquy started  with my colleagues here to talk about tax reform. I had not intended to  speak today, and I am sure my staffers are scrambling, wondering what  the boss will say. I want to weigh in with this discussion mainly  because of the personal perspective of a leader who has seen the  positive impacts of having the courage, focus, and discipline to  deliver on tax reform.   Back in 2011, I was in my third term. Republicans had the majority,  and I became speaker of the house. When I came in February of 2011, it  was reported to me that we had a $2.5 billion structural deficit. We  had the fourth highest unemployment rate in the Nation and we had 6  months to figure out how to balance the budget. So it was  counterintuitive to a lot of people that we would spend time on  regulatory reform and tax reform--particularly tax reform--reducing the  amount of revenue coming in at the same time we were in a deficit  ourselves. But in the first 6 months that we were in the majority, we  cut the sales tax. Then we went over a 2-year period, even with that  $2.5 billion structural deficit, to make the changes in the corporate  tax and the income tax. It took North Carolina from the 44th most taxed  State--in other words, there were only 5 States ahead of us for the  highest tax burden in the United States--now down to No. 12. It was one  of the worst growing economies, and it now ranks in the top five in the  Nation, and it is one of the fastest growing economies in the  [[Page S6175]]  Nation. We created over 250,000 jobs and actually put North Carolina on  the map by all references--CEO measures and by independent  organizations. It is the State where businesses want to set up and do  business.   We took the corporate tax from 6.9 down to 2.5. We took personal  income tax rates from 7.75 down to 5.49. We got people back to work.   Along the way, we had our challenges. Everybody in Washington is for  tax reform. They are for tax relief. They will come into your office  and tell you: Let's get her going. Then on the side they will say:  except for that one righteous exemption I may need. We have to have  Members who have the courage to do tax reform that helps working  families, that creates jobs, and that silences the people who want to  take this exemption or that exemption away, so we do what is right for  the generation that is about to look for jobs and the people who need a  job today.   They want their businesses to grow. They want their economies to  thrive. They want the United States to be the strong, great economy  that it can be. It is going to take courage. It is going to take  discipline. It is going to take time--but only so much time.   I believe this Congress, this Senate, over the course of a few  months, if we focus on it and with the support of the President and in  collaboration with the House, can get this done. We have to get it  done. We promised the American people last year that if we had  majorities, we would do what we had to do to deliver on this promise.  It can be done. A lot of times, people ask me what keeps me up at  night. I tell them two things: coffee and the national debt. Coffee is  for the obvious reasons, but why the national debt? I will tell you  why. Because when I have people on the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the  service chiefs come into the Senate Armed Services Committee and say  the single greatest threat to our national security is our debt, we  should take notice. These are people who are skilled in warfare. They  are people who know how to take the fight to the enemy. When they think  the greatest threat to this Nation is our national debt, we had better  take that seriously.   How do you resolve the national debt? You grow the economy. How do  you grow the economy? You create jobs and help businesses throughout.  How do you do that? You do that through tax reform. You also take  criticism that is going to be waged by some people on the far left when  we talk about corporate tax reform. They are going to say: How could  you favor the big guy over the little guy? I don't know about you all,  but I worked for companies before in my life. When I was 19 and living  in a trailer park, I was working for a corporation. I was a little guy  working for that corporation. Fortunately, in the 1980s, we had a  President who had the wisdom to know that, if you reduced the tax  burden on corporations, more little guys like me--that 19-year-old  living in a trailer park--could get a job--a better-paying job--and,  ultimately, have enough money to put himself through school.   So when we get into this argument, don't take the bait by some people  who will say that because we are focusing on corporate taxes and  reducing the tax burden on businesses, that is somehow a guy in a suit  trying to help out a business. That is a guy who has worked his way  from that trailer park now into the U.S. Senate and benefited when  Congress had the courage to reduce taxes and get the economy back on  track. That is what we better do. That is what we promised. That is  what we are here to do today. The time is now to get it done.   The President has shown wisdom in the blueprint--and our leadership  here, in terms of the broad strokes about what tax reform needs to look  like. Now it is our job--each and every individual Member of the Senate  and the House--to deliver on the promise to produce tax reform to help  the little guy and to get this economy going to be the great economy  that it has been in the past, and I have every reason to believe that  it will be so in the future.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   