 Mr. President, I am going to try to be very brief.   I am rising to return to the topic of the effort of the CRA to roll  back transparency in the oil and gas industry, and I will speak  briefly. I know my colleague from Arizona is here and wants to speak  too.  [[Page S643]]    The issue has been described. It is an SEC rule requiring energy  companies to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments for  natural resources. The reason is that many countries with abundant  natural resources are run by dictators, and there has been a long  history of payments by oil companies--American and others--to those  dictators that don't get to the people and actually further the  corruption of the country.   Just one example: An IMF report stated that in just 1 year, 1998, the  Government of Equatorial Guinea received $130 million in oil revenue,  and $96 million of that went directly into the personal bank account of  the dictator, Teodoro Obiang. Meanwhile, hunger in that country is  rampant, and that is what led to this.   I am on the Foreign Relations Committee. In preparation for our  hearing on the nomination of Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of  ExxonMobil, for Secretary of State, I read a wonderful report that was  done by Senator Lugar when he was the ranking member of the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee.   October 2008: Report to members of the Foreign Relations Committee  from the ranking member. The title was ``The Petroleum And Poverty  Paradox: Assessing U.S. And International Community Efforts to Fight  The Resource Curse.'' I read this. I read the book ``Private Empire,''  a recent history of ExxonMobil written by journalist Steve Coll, to  prepare for my examination of Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State.   This particular report was the basis for the 2010 law that was  described by Senator Cardin, and it was sponsored in a bipartisan way.  It didn't prohibit any company from doing anything. It only required  companies that pay foreign governments to disclose those payments.   I voted yesterday against Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State  because I believe a public official's duty--especially Secretary of  State--has to be to the country. I was worried, based on three areas of  his testimony, that Rex Tillerson could not set aside his loyalty to  ExxonMobil.   He refused to answer questions that I asked him about ExxonMobil's  knowledge of climate science, yet their efforts to convince the public  that the science was not settled. He told me he wouldn't answer my  questions.   He did not demonstrate to the committee's satisfaction, in my view,  that he could be independent in Russia. For example, he said that  ExxonMobil had not lobbied against sanctions against Russia, when we  actually have the lobbying forms to suggest they had.   In both of those areas, I found his responses wanting, and I voted  against him.   I will be honest. I asked him about the resource curse question, and  today I kind of feel like I got snookered.   I said: There is a lot of concern about these countries that let  resource wealth go to dictators and further corruption. What are you  going to do about it, as the Secretary of State, working on  development, for example, of some of these poor nations? And he talked  about high-minded values and virtues of the things the United States  could do that would battle corruption and increase transparency.   He didn't tell me that he had been personally involved in an effort  to defeat the legislation that passed Congress in 2010. Now there is  press out suggesting that is the case, and he didn't tell me that  apparently there was an effort underway to undermine the transparency  statute that was so important.   I have to put it on the record. Within 1 day--within 1 day of the  Senate approving Mr. Tillerson for Secretary of State, the Trump  administration has relaxed sanctions on Russia. That happened today.  And now, apparently, we are going to vote to eliminate a law that  requires transparency among companies like ExxonMobil.   I kind of feel like I got snookered at the hearing. What public  interest is at stake in rolling this back? I don't think there is any.   Some say: Well, look, it is about leveling the playing field. The  United States shouldn't be at a competitive disadvantage, but U.S.  companies are at a disadvantage. Companies listed on the U.S. stock  exchange--wherever they are from--are required to do this transparency,  these disclosures, and many are already doing it. Because we have led,  the European Union and Canada have said this is a great idea, and they  are doing it too.   It would be a horrible thing if the United States pulled away from  its leadership.   In conclusion, I am concerned that in the opening 2 weeks of the  Trump administration--despite a lot of promises about what they would  do in the economy--what has the administration done about the economy?    On day one, they entered an Executive order retracting an FHA  mortgage reduction, thereby requiring homeowners with FHA loans to have  to pay more for their monthly mortgages. They have done a Federal  hiring ban that falls disproportionately on veterans because the  Federal workforce is a veteran-heavy workforce. They have done the  immigration rules that we have discussed which not only affect  immigrants but have a dramatic negative effect on America's technology  industry.   And then in the first two uses of the CRA procedure since the 1990s,  they have eliminated a rule to allow more pollution of streams in poor  areas where coal is produced, and now this--allowing companies to  escape transparency and make the very kinds of payments that lead to  corruption in foreign governments, corruption so severe that a former  Republican Member of this body was compelled to write a superb report  in 2008 and have bipartisan legislation passed.   I urge my colleagues to vote against the CRA repeal of this rule.   