 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to ask for Senate approval of  legislation that I sponsored, along with my friend and colleague from  across the aisle, Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado.   Earlier this year, we introduced the Space Weather Research and  Forecasting Act with Senators Booker, Wicker, and Klobuchar, and it  went on to pass unanimously by the full Senate Committee on Commerce,  Science, and Transportation in January.   Space weather, which includes solar flares and coronal mass ejections  caused by the constantly changing conditions in the Sun's magnetic  fields, regularly hurls ionized gas toward the Earth. This can  potentially devastate our infrastructure and significantly disrupt our  economy. The chances of Earth being hit by a severe space weather event  are roughly the same as a magnitude 8 earthquake striking the United  States, but the impact to our way of life would be absolutely  catastrophic.   According to NASA, Earth was narrowly missed by a large space weather  event in 2012, which could have resulted in a worst-case scenario  impact to Earth. A report by Lloyd's of London estimates that a worst- case scenario space weather event could cost up to $2.6 trillion and  impact as many as 40 million people by causing outages at electric  utilities, disrupting GPS communication networks, and forcing airlines  to reroute air traffic.   The potential disruption to these critical sectors of our economy  makes space weather a threat we must understand better. Scientists  across the globe, including in my home State of Michigan, are working  to improve our understanding of space weather and how outputs from the  Sun interact with the Earth's magnetic field and atmosphere. For years,  NASA, NOAA, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of  Defense have funded this critical research.   The work of scientists and engineers at these agencies and  universities across the country will help us better predict solar  events and improve our ability to protect the infrastructure of the  United States. But as we increasingly realize the magnitude of this  threat, we need national leadership to focus our resources, coordinate  planning, and prepare for space weather events.   This bipartisan legislation sets national priorities to increase and  improve space weather observations, science, and forecasting abilities.  This research will improve our efforts to predict and to mitigate the  effects of space weather events on Earth and in space.   Space weather is not science fiction. If we don't prepare ourselves,  the impact could be catastrophic. But by learning to make better  predictions, issue more effective warnings, and take precautions for  when that inevitable day comes to pass, we can prevent space weather  from wreaking costly havoc or disrupting our daily lives.   It is imperative that we invest in science and technologies to better  understand space weather. It is imperative that we act on that  knowledge and understanding to protect our critical infrastructure. It  is, therefore, imperative that we move quickly to sign into law the  Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 29, S. 141.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  committee-reported substitute amendment be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   