 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank both gentlemen for their kind words about this truly unique  historical fort in my district.  [[Page H713]]    Fort Ontario stood on the shores of Lake Ontario for over 260 years  and now stands as a testament to the great history of central New York  and the important role the region has played in our Nation's history.  The Fort has been involved in nearly every major American war, from the  French and Indian Wars to World War II.   From 1944 to 1946, Fort Ontario served as our Nation's only emergency  refugee camp, providing shelter to over 980 refugees during World War  II. In recognition of the Fort's use as a refugee shelter, primarily  for Jewish people fleeing Hitler's Europe, the site also hosts the Safe  Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum. It is a truly unique fort in  our country.   Following World War II, the fort was transferred to the State of New  York to house war veterans and their families until 1953. This  unparalleled history would make Fort Ontario a unique asset to our  National Park System.   I am honored to have introduced this legislation, which takes the  first steps toward ensuring Fort Ontario receives the national  recognition it richly deserves. The Fort Ontario Study Act would  commission a special resource study of Fort Ontario to evaluate the  site's national significance and determine the suitability of its  designation as a part of the National Park System.   Fort Ontario, now a national historic site in New York and listed on  the National Register of Historic Places, draws residents of New York,  visitors across the Nation, and, indeed, across the globe to experience  the rich history of the fort and the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee  Shelter Museum. Designating the fort as a national park will not only  preserve the unique history of the site, but also have the potential to  grow tourism and strengthen our economy.   I am proud to be a champion of this effort, and I credit this success  to the countless individuals and organizations in Oswego, New York, and  throughout the 24th District who have spent years working to preserve  the history of Fort Ontario. These groups and individuals include the  Friends of Fort Ontario, Paul Lear with New York State Parks, the Board  of the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum, and the many  volunteers that give so much of their time to this cause.   Reflecting the importance of the fort to the entire region, I  introduced this bill with Congresswoman Tenney and Congresswoman  Slaughter. I would like to thank them both for their support, as well  as Chairman Bishop for working toward moving this legislation forward.   I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 46, and I urge my  colleagues in the Senate to take quick action on this important  legislation.   