 Mr. Speaker, the economic downturn in 2008 caused  Michiganders and citizens around the country to lose their jobs,  families to lose their savings, and way too many to lose their homes.  Since that time, our friends on the other side of the aisle have  attempted to convince the American people that Dodd-Frank was ``the  answer'' to the financial crisis, despite the law failing to actually  address the root cause of the downturn. In reality, Dodd-Frank has made  it more difficult for hardworking taxpayers to secure a future for  themselves and their children by denying them the economic recovery  that they deserve.   Let's be honest: Dodd-Frank was an agenda waiting for a crisis. So  many issues not related to economic stability were crammed into this  flawed law that, now, big banks have gotten even bigger and small banks  have disappeared at an alarming rate. Even worse, Dodd-Frank enshrined  ``too big to fail'' and, frankly, put in place ``too small to save.''   Enough is enough. In order to increase economic opportunity, we must  enact commonsense regulatory reform and restore accountability to Wall  Street and to Washington. The House Financial Services Committee  achieves this goal through a carefully crafted Financial CHOICE Act,  which we are debating here today.   The Financial CHOICE Act eliminates Dodd-Frank's one-size-fits-all  regulatory structure that has strangled community financial  institutions with overly burdensome regulations that were meant for the  largest banks in America. By enacting the CHOICE Act, community banks  and credit unions can utilize their resources to help individual  customers and small businesses achieve financial independence.   If we want small businesses to continue to be the engine of economic  growth, we must remove the regulatory red tape that is preventing these  community lenders from supporting small business job creators.   Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act holds Wall Street accountable  by imposing the toughest penalties in history. To protect consumers  from financial fraud is a key goal for all of us.    Mr. Speaker, this important legislation also holds  Washington bureaucrats accountable by creating constitutional checks  and balances for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau so that it  can more effectively do its job. No government agency should be  unaccountable to the American people.  [[Page H4668]]    Lastly, this commonsense legislation protects taxpayers by  eliminating too big to fail, something that my colleague had just  talked about, and requires failing institutions to liquidate through a  streamlined bankruptcy process, not taxpayer-funded bailouts. The  process that she was talking about, this orderly liquidation authority,  the government runs the bank for 5 years, and that is unacceptable.   So I hope you will join me in supporting this rule and supporting the  underlying bill.   