 Mr. Speaker, Chairman Royce has been a strong proponent  of this, as has Eliot Engel. I want to especially thank Robin Kelly for  her leadership on this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2408, a bipartisan bill  that aims to provide a safe education for millions of children,  especially girls, who live in the most dangerous and unstable places  across the globe.   As a parent and now a grandparent, a former teacher, I know that  education physically and mentally empowers our children.   Unfortunately, millions of children receive no education due to the  circumstances which are beyond their control. This is particularly true  for the growing number of displaced people across the world, as it is  exceedingly difficult for children in conflict zones to receive a  primary or secondary education. Armed conflicts across the world,  particularly in places like Syria and now Burma, have led to the  internal displacement of millions of women and children, and forced  them to literally flee their own homes.   There are currently 65 million people displaced worldwide, and at  least 21 million are refugees. They are out of their own countries.  This is the highest number since World War II, and the number has been  steadily rising since 2011.   Many of the displaced people are survivors of human rights abuses and  violence. Half of these victims are under 18 years of age. They are  children and in the most formative years of their lives. If they are  not given the opportunity to succeed, they will be subjected to a  lifetime of conflict and instability.   Education is a key component to helping lift these vulnerable  children out of the depths of poverty. Access to education not only  gives children the opportunity to grow and learn, but also offers  safety and shelter from violence, extremist ideology, human trafficking  networks, and a relentless cycle of abuse.   There is no question that access to education provides stability and  consistency to children living in extremely unstable conditions,  especially girls.   That is why I introduced H.R. 2408, the Protecting Girls' Access to  Education in Vulnerable Settings Act, along with Robin Kelly from  Illinois. I again want to thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Eliot  Engel for their leadership in this area.   This bipartisan legislation will move us in the right direction by  making access to primary and secondary education a priority with our  State Department and USAID. It aims to directly benefit displaced  children, specifically girls, and will help to address one of the  world's greatest challenges facing refugees across the globe.   This legislation also encourages greater international coordination  and leverages existing resources by promoting education for refugees  where they are through local schools.   The Protecting Girls' Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act  will ensure that millions of child refugees will have an opportunity to  reach their highest potential, even those in the most tumultuous  conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   