 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    I thank Chairman Thornberry for the opportunity to speak  about my amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2018.   Our military is the greatest fighting force in the world. I applaud  the Department of Defense's efforts to reduce its carbon footprint.  However, with our limited resources, we must ensure that these  resources are being put to use in the best possible way.   Every penny spent by the Department of Defense must be used to  advance our military's mission and support our troops. Incorporating  higher cost fuel sources into the Department's energy acquisition  process is money lost to repair planes, buy ammunition, and defeat the  enemy.   Moreover, Congress must ensure that we are being good stewards of the  American people's money. With our debt soaring towards $20 trillion, it  is irresponsible to ask American families to subsidize with their tax  dollars fuel sources that have not yet been proven cost-effective.   Of course, the Department of Defense would still be allowed to  research alternative sources of energy. My amendment ensures that the  Department of  [[Page H5793]]  Defense can conduct research on alternative fuels to ensure these  energy sources can be cost-competitive in the future.   My commonsense amendment is simple. It provides a framework for  ensuring the Department of Defense is engaging in responsible energy  acquisition practices. It prohibits renewable energy mandates placed on  the Department of Defense and ensures that every unit of energy our  military purchases is the most cost-effective option available while  still maintaining the ability to research new sources of energy.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I don't believe that asking the Department of  Defense to make a cost-effective decision in any purchase is an  unnecessary burden.   Mr. Chair, I disagree with my colleagues, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the United States military is the greatest  fighting force in the world. Our troops need to be focused on the  mission at hand and have every tool at their disposal to complete that  mission.   My amendment ensures that we practice fiscal discipline in the  Department of Defense's energy acquisition process by ensuring that we  are buying the most cost-effective source of energy.   I thank the chairman. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   