 Mr. President, I say to Senator Schatz, thank you for  organizing our Senate net neutrality champions out here on the floor  today so that we can all stand up and add our voices to your voice in  speaking on this critical issue. Now, there are people watching the  Senate floor right now by watching the live stream on c-span.org or on  Facebook Live.   They might be engaged citizens, they might be political junkies, or  maybe they need something to help them to ensure that their newborn is  going to go to sleep this afternoon. That is watching C-SPAN. That  helps the family. Let's face it. The action in this most deliberative  body can sometimes feel a little slow.   Now, imagine just a few companies deciding that c-span.org will be  put in a slow lane, that the public interest content streamed out to  the world from this Chamber will be sent out at an even more  deliberative pace, all while kitten videos get priority in an internet  fast lane.   When people talk about net neutrality, that is what we are talking  about. Instead of an open and free internet where the billions of  clicks, likes, and links made by customer and entrepreneurs in their  living rooms and offices determines who wins and loses, it will be just  a few companies in a few corporate boardrooms deciding who gets into  the express lane and who falls behind in an internet traffic jam.   That is why we need a true open internet. That is exactly what I  heard last month when I hosted a roundtable in Boston with a number of  our tech firms--Carbonite, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, iRobot, and others.  Their message was clear: Net neutrality impacts businesses across the  entire internet ecosystem, and the ever-changing environment of  entrepreneurship can be easily disrupted without this ingredient--net  neutrality.   Today, essentially every company is an internet company. Consider  these statistics. In 2016, almost one-half of the venture capital funds  invested in this country went toward internet-specific and software  companies. That is $25 billion worth of investment.   At the same time, to meet America's insatiable demand for broadband  internet, U.S. broadband and telecommunications industry giants  invested more than $87 billion in capital expenditures in 2015. That is  the highest rate of annual investment in the last 10 years. So we have  hit a sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless technology is  high, job creation is high, and venture capital investment in online  startups is high. Disrupting that formula now would only create chaos  and uncertainty.   With strong net neutrality protections in place, there is no problem  that needs to be fixed. But the Trump administration wants to upend  this hallmark of American innovation and democratization by gutting net  neutrality rules. Tomorrow, Chairman Ajit Pai and the Republican- controlled Federal Communications Commission will vote to begin a  proceeding that will allow a few powerful broadband providers to  control the internet.   Now, the big broadband barons and their Republican allies say: We  don't need net neutrality. They say: What we really need is a ``light  touch'' regulatory framework for broadband.   But let's be clear here. When the broadband behemoths say ``light  touch'' what they really mean is ``hands off''. They really want hands  off of their ability to choose online winners and losers.   That is what they really want, to allow AT&T, Verizon, Charter,  Comcast, and all of the other internet service providers to set up  internet fast lanes for those with the deepest pockets, pushing those  who can't onto a slow gravel path. Then, they will just pass any extra  costs onto the consumer. What they really want is to sideline the FCC,  our telecommunications cop on the beat, and to create an unregulated  online ecosystem where broadband providers can stifle the development  of competing services that cannot afford an internet E-ZPass.   No one should have to ask permission to innovate. But with fast and  slow lanes, that is precisely what an entrepreneur will need to do.  Right now, the essence of the internet is to innovate and test new  ideas first, and if an idea then takes off, the creator can attract  capital and expand.   Creating internet fast and slow lanes would flip this process on its  head. Instead, an entrepreneur would first need to raise capital in  order to start innovating, because she would need to pay for fast lane  access to have a chance for her product to be seen and to succeed. Only  those with access to deep pockets would develop anything new. Imagine  the stifling of creativity if startups need massive amounts of money  even to innovate.   Now, Chairman Pai says he likes net neutrality. But in reality, his  proposal would eliminate the very order that established today's  network neutrality rules. That is like saying you value democracy but  you don't see a need for a constitution. It makes no sense.   For Chairman Pai and the ISPs, title II is a bad word. It is some  terrible thing. But for everyone else--consumers, activists, and  entrepreneurs--title II is a reason to celebrate. Back in 2010, the FCC  attempted to put net neutrality rules in place without reclassifying  under title II of the Communications Act. The DC Circuit Court  invalidated those rules. Then, in 2015, the Federal Communications  Commission rightfully adopted the open internet order, which  reclassified broadband under title II, and the DC Circuit upheld the  rule in 2016.   The issue is settled. The FCC should not repeat past mistakes and  instead should maintain the successful current regime. Why is title II  appropriate? It was Congress's intent to preserve the FCC's authority  to forestall threats to competition and innovation in  telecommunications services, even as the technologies used to offer  those services evolved over time.   Now, classifying broadband under title II is just a very fancy way of  saying broadband is like telephone service. It is a basic utility that  Americans rely on every day to work, to communicate, and to connect.  Broadband has become the single most important telecommunications  service Americans use to transmit information from one to another. This  is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only  exception being high-powered telecommunications lobbyists inside the  beltway here in Washington.   Chairman Pai also claims that he wants internet service providers to  voluntarily decide to follow net neutrality principles. That is like  asking a kid to voluntarily swear not to stick his hand in the cookie  jar. It just won't happen. We know the broadband industry--your cable,  wireless or telecommunications provider--can't self-regulate  themselves. They struggle to even show up on time to install or fix  your service. Do we really trust them to resist using their internet  gatekeeper role and putting their online competitors at an unfair  disadvantage?  [[Page S2991]]    This effort on net neutrality is just one piece of the Republicans'  effort to dismantle the basic protections safeguarding American  families. Instead of protecting our privacy, our healthcare, our  environment, or our net neutrality, the Republicans want to give it all  away to their friends and allies and big corporations.   The FCC has received more than 1 million comments already, and I am  sure millions more will flow in the weeks and months to come, as the  FCC comment period will stretch until at least August. Those are  comments from every corner of the country and from every walk of life.  They are standing up to say we need a truly open and free Internet.   Openness is the internet's heart. Nondiscrimination is its soul. Any  infringement on either of those features undermines the spirit and  intent of net neutrality.   So I proudly stand with my fellow netizens out on the Senate floor  and all across America who oppose any efforts to undermine net  neutrality. We are on the right side of history. I am ready for the  historic fight to come.   Twelve years ago, I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the  House of Representatives. In the Senate, the first net neutrality bill  was introduced by the Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden. This has been a  long battle, a long struggle coming. We now have America in its sweep  spot, with net neutrality on the books for software and broadband  companies, which allows for a fair balance in terms of the competition  in the marketplace.   So I now turn and yield for the Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, I say to Senator Schatz, thank you for  organizing our Senate net neutrality champions out here on the floor  today so that we can all stand up and add our voices to your voice in  speaking on this critical issue. Now, there are people watching the  Senate floor right now by watching the live stream on c-span.org or on  Facebook Live.   They might be engaged citizens, they might be political junkies, or  maybe they need something to help them to ensure that their newborn is  going to go to sleep this afternoon. That is watching C-SPAN. That  helps the family. Let's face it. The action in this most deliberative  body can sometimes feel a little slow.   Now, imagine just a few companies deciding that c-span.org will be  put in a slow lane, that the public interest content streamed out to  the world from this Chamber will be sent out at an even more  deliberative pace, all while kitten videos get priority in an internet  fast lane.   When people talk about net neutrality, that is what we are talking  about. Instead of an open and free internet where the billions of  clicks, likes, and links made by customer and entrepreneurs in their  living rooms and offices determines who wins and loses, it will be just  a few companies in a few corporate boardrooms deciding who gets into  the express lane and who falls behind in an internet traffic jam.   That is why we need a true open internet. That is exactly what I  heard last month when I hosted a roundtable in Boston with a number of  our tech firms--Carbonite, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, iRobot, and others.  Their message was clear: Net neutrality impacts businesses across the  entire internet ecosystem, and the ever-changing environment of  entrepreneurship can be easily disrupted without this ingredient--net  neutrality.   Today, essentially every company is an internet company. Consider  these statistics. In 2016, almost one-half of the venture capital funds  invested in this country went toward internet-specific and software  companies. That is $25 billion worth of investment.   At the same time, to meet America's insatiable demand for broadband  internet, U.S. broadband and telecommunications industry giants  invested more than $87 billion in capital expenditures in 2015. That is  the highest rate of annual investment in the last 10 years. So we have  hit a sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless technology is  high, job creation is high, and venture capital investment in online  startups is high. Disrupting that formula now would only create chaos  and uncertainty.   With strong net neutrality protections in place, there is no problem  that needs to be fixed. But the Trump administration wants to upend  this hallmark of American innovation and democratization by gutting net  neutrality rules. Tomorrow, Chairman Ajit Pai and the Republican- controlled Federal Communications Commission will vote to begin a  proceeding that will allow a few powerful broadband providers to  control the internet.   Now, the big broadband barons and their Republican allies say: We  don't need net neutrality. They say: What we really need is a ``light  touch'' regulatory framework for broadband.   But let's be clear here. When the broadband behemoths say ``light  touch'' what they really mean is ``hands off''. They really want hands  off of their ability to choose online winners and losers.   That is what they really want, to allow AT&T, Verizon, Charter,  Comcast, and all of the other internet service providers to set up  internet fast lanes for those with the deepest pockets, pushing those  who can't onto a slow gravel path. Then, they will just pass any extra  costs onto the consumer. What they really want is to sideline the FCC,  our telecommunications cop on the beat, and to create an unregulated  online ecosystem where broadband providers can stifle the development  of competing services that cannot afford an internet E-ZPass.   No one should have to ask permission to innovate. But with fast and  slow lanes, that is precisely what an entrepreneur will need to do.  Right now, the essence of the internet is to innovate and test new  ideas first, and if an idea then takes off, the creator can attract  capital and expand.   Creating internet fast and slow lanes would flip this process on its  head. Instead, an entrepreneur would first need to raise capital in  order to start innovating, because she would need to pay for fast lane  access to have a chance for her product to be seen and to succeed. Only  those with access to deep pockets would develop anything new. Imagine  the stifling of creativity if startups need massive amounts of money  even to innovate.   Now, Chairman Pai says he likes net neutrality. But in reality, his  proposal would eliminate the very order that established today's  network neutrality rules. That is like saying you value democracy but  you don't see a need for a constitution. It makes no sense.   For Chairman Pai and the ISPs, title II is a bad word. It is some  terrible thing. But for everyone else--consumers, activists, and  entrepreneurs--title II is a reason to celebrate. Back in 2010, the FCC  attempted to put net neutrality rules in place without reclassifying  under title II of the Communications Act. The DC Circuit Court  invalidated those rules. Then, in 2015, the Federal Communications  Commission rightfully adopted the open internet order, which  reclassified broadband under title II, and the DC Circuit upheld the  rule in 2016.   The issue is settled. The FCC should not repeat past mistakes and  instead should maintain the successful current regime. Why is title II  appropriate? It was Congress's intent to preserve the FCC's authority  to forestall threats to competition and innovation in  telecommunications services, even as the technologies used to offer  those services evolved over time.   Now, classifying broadband under title II is just a very fancy way of  saying broadband is like telephone service. It is a basic utility that  Americans rely on every day to work, to communicate, and to connect.  Broadband has become the single most important telecommunications  service Americans use to transmit information from one to another. This  is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only  exception being high-powered telecommunications lobbyists inside the  beltway here in Washington.   Chairman Pai also claims that he wants internet service providers to  voluntarily decide to follow net neutrality principles. That is like  asking a kid to voluntarily swear not to stick his hand in the cookie  jar. It just won't happen. We know the broadband industry--your cable,  wireless or telecommunications provider--can't self-regulate  themselves. They struggle to even show up on time to install or fix  your service. Do we really trust them to resist using their internet  gatekeeper role and putting their online competitors at an unfair  disadvantage?  [[Page S2991]]    This effort on net neutrality is just one piece of the Republicans'  effort to dismantle the basic protections safeguarding American  families. Instead of protecting our privacy, our healthcare, our  environment, or our net neutrality, the Republicans want to give it all  away to their friends and allies and big corporations.   The FCC has received more than 1 million comments already, and I am  sure millions more will flow in the weeks and months to come, as the  FCC comment period will stretch until at least August. Those are  comments from every corner of the country and from every walk of life.  They are standing up to say we need a truly open and free Internet.   Openness is the internet's heart. Nondiscrimination is its soul. Any  infringement on either of those features undermines the spirit and  intent of net neutrality.   So I proudly stand with my fellow netizens out on the Senate floor  and all across America who oppose any efforts to undermine net  neutrality. We are on the right side of history. I am ready for the  historic fight to come.   Twelve years ago, I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the  House of Representatives. In the Senate, the first net neutrality bill  was introduced by the Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden. This has been a  long battle, a long struggle coming. We now have America in its sweep  spot, with net neutrality on the books for software and broadband  companies, which allows for a fair balance in terms of the competition  in the marketplace.   So I now turn and yield for the Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator from Oregon yield?    Mr. President, as the Senator from Oregon remembers so  well, when he and I started in Congress, there was one telephone  company.   Did we have innovation? Well, we had a company winning Nobel Prizes  in basic research. Did we see applied research out there, new  technologies? No. We saw a black rotary dial phone. So AT&T had to get  broken up so there would be new companies, new competition, new  technologies.   Ultimately, because of all of that effort toward deregulation to let  more companies in, more innovations, we now have devices that we walk  around with, which are just minicomputers in our pocket. We have  millions of apps that people sitting in any city and town all across  our country can develop and get online to try to make a few bucks.   Ultimately, it is still that old AT&T mentality: How do we shut it  down? How do we close it down? How do we make it hard for the  entrepreneur, hard for the innovator, hard for that new idea to get out  there that makes it more productive, easier for the American people to  be able to have access to these new programs?   I agree with the Senator from Oregon that this is a pivotal time in  our country's entrepreneurial history. We have learned this lesson over  and over again. The Senator has been a great leader on these issues,  and I just want to compliment him on that. I compliment the Senator  from Hawaii for his leadership on the issue.   I yield back the remainder of my time to the Senator from Oregon.   