 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, let me tell you a quick story. Andrew Clyde served  three combat tours in Iraq, after which he returned home and opened a  store in Georgia. Mr. Clyde had an insurance policy that only covered  up to $10,000 in off-premised losses. So like any reasonable person, he  never brought more than $10,000 in cash with him when he was making his  nightly deposits.   Do you know what happened next?   The Internal Revenue Service noticed that he was depositing just  under $10,000 in cash regularly, so they took all of his cash. That is  $950,000.   If you are like most people, you are confused when you first hear  about this. As it turns out, Mr. Clyde was in violation of a Federal  law known as structuring, which is the intentional avoidance of Federal  reporting requirements by staying below $10,000 in cash deposits. This  law was intended to catch large-scale criminal enterprises, mobsters,  terrorists, and human traffickers, not veterans like Mr. Clyde.   When structuring is believed to have occurred, the IRS can use its  civil asset forfeiture authority to seize funds in question and force  the owner to prove that the money was earned legally.   Well, in this instance, Andrew Clyde earned the money legally and had  a legitimate reason for depositing less than $10,000. So you would  assume that Mr. Clyde would have ended this with the IRS talking to him  and then saying: Oh, we made a mistake. Clearly you are not a mobster  or a terrorist. Thank you for your service. Here is your life savings  back.   But, no, that is not what happened, Mr. Chairman. That is not how the  story ended.   Instead, the IRS threatened him with criminal structuring charges  until he agreed to settle with the agency and give them $50,000, after  he had already spent $100,000 in legal fees. He lost $150,000 simply  because he wanted to make sure that his cash deposits were low enough  to be insured. If that sounds messed up to you, Mr. Chairman, that is  because it is.   Now, here is the good news. The House recently passed, unanimously,  H.R. 1843, the RESPECT Act. This bill prohibits the IRS from seizing  funds from individuals, unless there is a probable cause that the money  was earned illegally or connected to an illegal activity. But there is  still the problem of those people who are already victims of this abuse  by our government in civil asset forfeiture.   Now, since we began our bipartisan investigation of the IRS's civil  asset forfeiture practices a couple of years ago, the IRS has  apologized for past behavior, which is good; they worked quickly to  reach out to possible victims, which is good; and they subsequently  responded to the 454 petitions that they received. As of March 1, the  IRS returned over $6 million in seized funds. Good news. So far so  good.   But the plot continues, and here is where we are right now. It turns  out that a majority of the petitions were actually referred to the  Department of Justice. The IRS referred the DOJ 255 cases, and has  recommended that the DOJ return $16 million to taxpayers whom they do  not suspect of being conducted in any way to illegal activity.  Unfortunately, the Department of Justice has not been nearly as  interested in correcting these past wrongdoings.   As of July, the Department of Justice responded only to 73 of the  outstanding 255 cases. This is completely unacceptable. The Federal  Government took legally earned money from taxpayers, and the Department  of Justice hasn't given the majority of these people a response,  including Andrew Clyde.   The Roskam-Neal amendment, offered by myself and Mr. Neal, the  ranking member from Massachusetts on the Ways and Means Committee, is  very simple. It simply says this: No one in the relevant section of the  Department of Justice can get a performance bonus until they finish  reviewing the backlog of cases that the IRS has sent them. We are not  asking the Department of Justice to do anything extraordinary, Mr.  Chairman. We are simply asking them to do their job. And until they do  their job, the bare minimum that taxpayers can expect is that we at  least don't reward these people with bonuses.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support.   I thank the chairman for his assurance and his hard work on this. I  am confident that this will be resolved.   Mr. Chairman, I have got to tell you that the discussions that this  House has made on a bipartisan basis with the Department of Justice  have been obtuse and they have been ridiculous. I have been embarrassed  by the interactions that I have had with senior staff members at the  Department of Justice on this issue.   The Ways and Means Subcommittee has been scandalized by this, and we  are going to do something about it. So here, today, we are rising on  both sides of the aisle to bring remedy, rescue, and restoration to our  citizens.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   