 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor to speak in favor of the  pending business before the Senate--to allow for Montenegro to join  NATO as a new member. I have been a proponent of this move for a long  time, having spent time in Montenegro and having chaired for a period  of time the Europe and Regional Security Cooperation Subcommittee of  the Foreign Relations Committee, now serving Senator Johnson as his  ranking member.   I am convinced that NATO will be stronger if Montenegro joins. I am  convinced that our alliance will be stronger if Montenegro joins. It is  a small country with a very small military, but it occupies an  incredibly important space on the world map. It is the only part of the  Adriatic coast that breaks up the current NATO map, and it will provide  a strengthening of our alliance in that region.   Montenegro is ready. It has made significant progress on internal  reform, especially in the area of the rule of law and security sector  reform. The Ministry of Defense has met all of the requirements for  NATO membership. It is moving to modernize its military. It is moving  to try to operationalize itself in a way that it can interact with both  U.S. and European equipment. It is replacing its aircraft that  previously had required Russian spare parts so that they are more  compatible with European and American air equipment. There is still  work that Montenegro needs to do, but now it can continue under the  umbrella of the alliance.   I am very happy that we are taking an important step here to signal  that NATO's open-door policy is still in practice. I think there was  some doubt, frankly, and some concern, after years and years of  Montenegro's desire to join amidst the interest from Georgia and prior  to the crisis in Ukraine, that some of these transatlantic institutions  were closing down. This is a sign that NATO is not only viable but is  still open to those countries that want to join, that want to find  additional safety and security under our umbrella. I am glad we are  going to have a bipartisan vote here in favor of Montenegro's joining  NATO.   I want to make a broader point about our future policy in the  Balkans. It was  [[Page S2034]]  not that long ago that it was a precondition, if you were a Member of  Congress, to be an expert on the Balkans. The United States was at war  in the Balkans, as were Russia and our European allies. It was the  hottest spot on the globe. Thanks to U.S. military might as well as  diplomatic might, the Dayton Peace Accords brought peace and relative  economic prosperity to a region of the globe that has been, frankly, at  the center of almost every major conflict in and around Europe over the  greater part of the last 100 years. It is a moment to celebrate this  period of political and security stability in the Balkans and to  remember that we should not take it for granted. There are still  festering ethnic and nationalist tensions that play out every day in  the Balkans. We see them in small ways.   When I was there, a drone with a map of greater Albania dropped down  into the middle of a football match between the Serbian national team  and the Albanian national team, which was a deliberate attempt to  inflame the Serbians. It seemed like a small thing, but it resulted in  the cancelation of a historic meeting between the Prime Minister of  Albania and the Prime Minister of Serbia.   Just recently, we have seen some breakdown in the progress Serbia and  Kosovo had been making to try to resolve their differences, resulting  ultimately, we hope--we believe--in the recognition of Kosovo's  statehood by the Serbian Government, which is a reminder that bringing  Montenegro into NATO is important for the alliance's sake, but it is  also an important step in continuing to make investments in security in  the Balkans.   It is important for a second reason in that there is another player  out there that is desperately trying to make the Balkans less stable,  and that is Russia. For a very long time, Russia has had legitimate  interests in the Balkans. They have relations with the people of the  Balkan nations, as well as with those governments, but today they have  an interest in trying to destabilize that region, to create a crisis  for Europe, to create a crisis for NATO.   As we all know, Russia fills vacuums of power better than almost any  other player out there. Whether or not we like it, as Members of the  Senate, there is an enormous vacuum in the world right now that is  created by the withdrawal of America. Without a robust State  Department, without coherent U.S. foreign policy, we are just not  players in the world today like we were a year ago. Example A may be  the Balkan region.   The Balkans require attention because there are these simmering  potential conflicts, and the United States has been a force for good  but in ways that most Americans probably do not even know. It required  the constant attention from Vice President Biden, Secretary of State  Kerry, and Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland to make sure  that the Balkans--in particular, the western Balkans--continued their  move toward Europe and rejected offers from Russia for a different kind  of alignment. Weekly big and small interventions allowed the Balkan  nations to feel comfort in a future with Europe and with the United  States. That intervention, that attention, has, frankly, just  disappeared, and the Russians have filled that vacuum.   There was a coup attempt in Montenegro. You do not see a lot of coup  attempts these days in countries in and around Europe, but there was an  attempt to storm the Parliament--an attempt that has been connected to  Russian nationals. Those Russian nationals, according to Montenegro,  have connections directly with the Russian Government. That has not  been confirmed yet, but it is incredibly disturbing to know that  Russian nationals were behind an attempted military coup inside  Montenegro.    We have seen a much tighter joining of the leaders of the Republika  Srpska and Russian interests and operatives in a move toward a  referendum for independence in the Republika Srpska, which is a  component of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It looks suspiciously like the  kind of independence referendums that have threatened to take place in  parts of Ukraine and Luhansk and Donetsk.   There are reports that the same players who are trying to fund and  operationalize independent referendums in Ukraine are also at work  inside Serbia--players with connections back to the Kremlin.   There are reports of a massive increase in Russian media presence in  the Balkans--more offers from Russian TV stations and radio stations to  provide free content to cash-strapped Balkan media outlets.   There are over 100 different nonprofit organizations in Serbia alone,  according to one report, that have financial connections back in and  through Russia.   Russia is filling this vacuum in the Balkans. It is trying to win  friends and trying to create an instability that ultimately would land  at the doorstep of NATO, at the doorstep of Europe, and at the doorstep  of the United States. They are filling that vacuum because we do not  have a presence there today.   Secretary Tillerson has no meaningful experience in the Balkans. He  has no Deputy and he has no Assistant Secretary for the Balkans. When  you pair that next to a proposal that Secretary Tillerson endorses  cutting his budget by 40 percent, you will make America relatively  feckless in that region because it is those funds that the  administration is seeking to cut that are often our linkages to  influence.   In Belgrade, our Ambassador has made enormous progress with a small  amount of money for exchange programs. You look at people in powerful  positions in Serbia today, and many of them are close to the United  States because they have participated in State Department exchange  programs. They have spent time here in the United States getting to  know our country, maybe getting educated here, and they have gone back  to Serbia to be part of the government in order to represent Serbian  interests but with a connection to the United States and to the West  that is important. Those exchange programs are basically eviscerated by  a 40-percent cut. They will not exist any longer. It is a very small  program, but it has not only gotten us important results in the  Balkans, it has contributed to our ability to argue for stability and  to argue for the calming of tensions because it gets doors opened for  the United States.   Without anybody being on call for the State Department in the  Balkans, without any funding in order to try to promote stability and  economic connections between those countries, we cede ground to Russia  every single day. Russia sees vacuums, and they fill them, and we have  created them. We have created a vacuum globally, but we have created a  specific vacuum in the Balkans. It is filled in part by this movement  to join Montenegro with NATO.   I do appreciate the fact that Secretary Tillerson, I believe, and  Secretary Mattis have both recommended to this body that we take up  this matter. I think that was important, and I applaud them for  standing against the recommendations of the Russian Government and for  the accession of Montenegro into NATO, but it is not enough.   I wanted to come to this floor--and I see my great friend and  colleague from Ohio, who is ready to speak--to make the case as to why  this is so important and to make the case that as Russia tries to view  Montenegro as an opportunity to establish a Kaliningrad on the  Mediterranean, we can prevent its happening with this vote and with the  vote of our European allies to join Montenegro with NATO, but it is not  enough. We have to remember that stability in the Balkans is nothing to  be taken for granted. The next global crisis may come from a small act  of tension between neighbors that spins out of control, in part because  the United States is not paying attention and because Russian  intervention in the region, which is bigger and broader now than ever  before, has an interest not in stability but actually ultimately in  instability.    I thank Leader McConnell for bringing this before the body. This is a  chance for us to join together in supporting Montenegro as it joins  NATO. Hopefully, there will be more opportunities for us to work  together to make sure that this administration, to make sure that our  country has a comprehensive policy to continue to build on the NATO  peace accords and double down on the work we do to promote long-term  stability and prosperity in the Balkan region.  [[Page S2035]]    I yield the floor.   