 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Rice) for his work on this.   I rise today to keep the lights on for American nuclear energy.    America is being left behind in the nuclear energy race. Nuclear  energy in the United States is lagging behind our competition. The four  new generation reactors being built in South Carolina and Georgia are  the first new reactor construction since the 1970s. The Watts Bar 2  reactor in Tennessee, which was first permitted in the 1970s, only  recently came online in 2016.   Mr. Speaker, America needs to gets serious about nuclear energy.  These new reactors not only keep our economy pumping with 24/7 base- load electricity, they are also the foundation for America's national  security. A successful civilian nuclear energy sector is key to  supporting America's military needs.   Nuclear needs to be approached holistically. From new production at  plants like V.C. Summer in South Carolina, to treatment and disposal  facilities at the Savannah River Site, it is in America's national  security interest that policies keep all aspects of the nuclear life  cycle competitive with the rest of the world.   Passing this legislation now will send a clear signal to the  regulatory authorities at home and nations abroad that America is  serious about national security. Without such a signal, the chances  that the regulatory authorities disregard the tax credits for the  purposes of evaluating the project are much higher, likely leading to  the authorities not approving the continued construction of the plants.   The United States must not turn over leadership in nuclear technology  to Russia and China. China's recent nuclear deals are with Sudan, South  Africa, Kenya, Egypt, Argentina, and Great Britain.   Rosatom, which administers the former Soviet weapons complex, says it  has received orders for 34 nuclear power reactors in 13 countries,  including Iran. Together, Russia and China are constructing almost 30  new advanced nuclear units, whereas the four units at the V.C. Summer  and Vogtle plants would be our first nuclear units in almost 40 years.   Nuclear energy is the cornerstone of American economic and national  security. I urge my colleagues to not turn the lights out on nuclear  energy, and to vote in favor of H.R. 1551.   