 Madam President, let me thank my colleague from Ohio for  raising this important issue. It comes down to a very basic question  for the Senate. We have a tax code that creates incentives and  penalties for certain conduct. We encourage Americans to give to  charities, and we give them a deduction. We encourage Americans to own  homes, and we let them deduct the cost of interest on their mortgage.  We encourage them in so many different ways and discourage other  conduct.   Why shouldn't we encourage American businesses to hire American  workers? Why shouldn't we reward American businesses that keep their  businesses in America and not move them overseas? Why shouldn't we  incentivize businesses and corporations to pay a decent minimum living  wage to their employees, to provide basic benefits when it comes to  health insurance and healthcare, and a good retirement plan? Why  shouldn't we incentivize American companies to hire veterans? Why don't  we put in our Tax Code incentives that create stronger, better,  patriotic American corporations?    I am going to wave the flag here. I think there are a lot of great  corporations, companies in America that really do care for this  country. Some don't, and I don't think they should be rewarded for  turning their backs on America--but we do.   In the current Tax Code, if you decide to ship your jobs off  overseas, send your factories overseas and put Americans out of work,  do you know what the Tax Code says? Be my guest. The provision says you  can deduct the cost of moving so we incentivize and reward companies  that want to leave America.   What Senator Brown and many on this side of the aisle believe, as I  do, is why don't we incentivize the companies that want to stay in  America? Why don't we incentivize those who say: We want to hire  American people and pay them a decent wage.   I think that is what a tax code is all about, to create incentives  for good things for the American economy and discourage bad things, and  so I introduced this bill several years back. Congresswoman Schakowsky  of Chicago joined me in that effort. We have had this bill there.  Senator Brown has been such a leader in this area. I was proud to stand  with him today to do this jointly and offer this as part of the tax  plan.   So it is a basic proposition for President Trump and for the  Republicans. Do you believe--do you believe American businesses that  stay in this country deserve a break? Do you believe American  businesses that pay a decent wage to their employees deserve a tax  break? Do you believe American companies that put together health  insurance and retirement plans that are fair and just for their workers  and their families deserve a break in our Tax Code? Do you think we  ought to give a helping hand to those companies that will hire a  veteran, put a veteran to work? Do you think our Tax Code should also  recognize that some companies are going to hire disabled people and  give them a chance of a lifetime? Do you think all of those are good  conduct by corporations that deserve not only a pat on the back but a  helping hand when it comes to the Tax Code? That is what this is about.  It is very basic. That is what I believe. I think that is what most of  the people in Illinois believe. I think that is what President Trump  might have been speaking to during the course of his campaign, about  creating jobs in America.   This President and those who are in his party now have a chance to  put a vote on the board and show they believe that too. If you vote  against this, how in the world would you explain it when you go home?  Oh, yes, I voted against patriot corporations. I don't think we ought  to reward American companies that hire American workers and treat them  fairly. How do you explain that?   This Tax Code is loaded with incentives. It is loaded with special  interests. The special interest we are focusing on are American workers  and their families with this amendment. We are focusing as well on the  companies that respect them, treat them fairly, pay them a decent wage,  and give them a fighting chance to make it in America. It sounds to me  like a middle-class issue. It sounds to me like a middle-income issue.  It sounds to me like a good economic growth policy, not just to  increase corporate profits by reducing their taxes but to make sure the  company's business model is based on what is good for the future of  America and what is good for our economy.   Yes, I am waving the flag here. I am proud to do it. I want to wave a  flag at every company that respects American workers and treats them  the way they deserve, and I think this is a good way, a good step in  that direction.   I thank Senator Brown.   