 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this  amendment to H.R. 998. As drafted, the SCRUB Act requires Federal  agencies to repeal existing regulations to offset the cost of new  regulations. The bill also authorizes up to $30 million for a new  commission to review the Code of Federal Regulations and recommend  regulatory repeals.   This commonsense amendment ensures the impacts of public health,  including the costs and benefits associated with those impacts, are  considered under processes established by the SCRUB Act. This, I  believe, is a reasonable improvement to the bill. It ensures that  Federal agencies appropriately consider the true costs and benefits of  Federal rules with an eye towards saving hard-earned taxpayer money.   As a member of the California State Senate, I worked with a  Republican administration to help enact this legislation as the first- ever health act of its type in the country in a State. It was based on  the sensible premise that understanding the impacts of government  actions on public health not only saves lives, but saves money.   This effort helped provide California State agencies with the  direction they needed to effectively collaborate on the complex  environmental, financial, and sustainability factors that contribute to  poor health and inequities. Over the 6 years of its existence, this  policy has resulted in increased collaboration across large State  agencies, saving taxpayer money while promoting improved public health  throughout the Nation's largest State.   Today, U.S. taxpayers face a growing burden of largely preventable  chronic illnesses. Heart disease, stroke, obesity, and diabetes are but  a few of the myriad health issues that millions of Americans face every  day that also drive many of their financial and professional decisions.   In many of our most disadvantaged communities, fewer resources are  available to benefit health outcomes that are clearly seen in the  levels of chronic illness in these communities and shorter life  expectancies. It doesn't take a genius to connect the dots of  government policies on public health in our economy.   If the goal of this legislation is eliminating existing regulations  to pay for new regulations, doesn't it make business sense to  understand the impacts of these decisions on our Nation's public  health? For example, eliminating the Department of Labor's silica rule  might save an employer the expense of  [[Page H1378]]  purchasing mitigation equipment, but does that employer truly save  money if his health insurance premiums go up due to associated  respiratory illness?   When the majority pushed to eliminate the Department of the  Interior's stream protection rule, thereby allowing mountaintop mining  companies to dump potentially toxic mining debris in nearby streams,  there was little consideration to the costs associated with mitigating  the inevitable drinking water contamination and healthcare costs of  those who will be sickened after drinking contaminated water.   This amendment ensures that Federal agencies, at the very least,  consider the health impacts and costs associated with eliminating a  regulation. This amendment will help to go a long way in preventing  unnecessary healthcare costs, which I hope we can agree is a positive  improvement to the bill.   If my colleagues across the aisle insist on eliminating Federal  regulations, I hope that they agree that at least we can make sure that  this independent commission will at least consider the benefits of  public health as they do their analysis. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on this commonsense amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 998, the  SCRUB Act.   As currently drafted, the SCRUB Act requires federal agencies to  repeal existing regulations to offset the cost of new regulations. The  bill also authorizes up to $30 million for a new commission to review  the Code of Federal Regulations and recommend regulatory repeals.   This commonsense amendment ensures that impacts to public health,  including the costs associated with those impacts, are considered under  processes established by the SCRUB Act. This is a reasonable  improvement to the bill ensures that federal agencies appropriately  consider the true costs and benefits of federal rules with an eye  towards saving hard-earned taxpayer money.   As a member of the California State Senate, I helped to enact  legislation focused on promoting public health throughout the state  while saving taxpayer dollars. Based on the sensible premise that  understanding the impacts of government actions on public health not  only saves lives, but saves money.   This effort helped provide California state agencies with the  direction they needed to effectively collaborate on the complex  environmental, financial, and sustainability factors that contribute to  poor health and inequities. Over six years of existence, this policy  has resulted in increased collaboration across state agencies, saving  taxpayers money while promoting improved public health throughout the  state.   Today, U.S. taxpayers face a growing burden of largely preventable  chronic illnesses. Heart disease, stroke, obesity, and diabetes are but  a few of the myriad health issues that millions of Americans face every  day that also drive many of their financial and professional decisions.   In many of our most disadvantaged communities, fewer resources are  available to benefit health outcomes that are clearly seen in the  levels of chronic illness and shorter life expectancies. It doesn't  take a genius to connect the dots of government policies on public  health and our economy.   If the goal of this legislation is to eliminate existing regulations  to pay for new regulations, doesn't it make business sense to  understand the impacts of those decisions on public health?   For example, eliminating the Department of Labor's Silica Rule might  save an employer the expense of purchasing mitigation equipment, but  does that employer truly save money if his health insurance premiums go  up due to associated respiratory illness?   When the Majority pushed to eliminate the Interior Department's  Stream Protection rule, thereby allowing mountaintop mining companies  to dump potentially toxic mining debris in nearby streams, there was  little consideration to the costs associated with mitigating the  inevitable drinking water contamination and health care costs of those  who will be sickened after drinking contaminated water.   This amendment ensures that federal agencies, at the very least,  consider the health impacts and costs associated with eliminating a  regulation. This effort will go a long way in preventing unnecessary  health care costs, which I hope we can agree is a positive improvement  to the bill.   If my colleagues across the aisle insist on eliminating federal  regulations, it only makes sense to ensure that removing such rules  does not harm the public.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``YES'' on this commonsense amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I look forward to, in the future,  working on true bipartisan regulation. I think it is one of those  areas, at least in my experience in local and State government, that we  should be working in a bipartisan manner. Unfortunately, this bill I do  not believe accomplishes that.   So regulatory oversight is probably the most important thing we could  do, and I hope that we can do it in a bipartisan way in the future. I  would encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   