 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from New York,  the ranking member of the Rules Committee, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the bill and also to the  rule. Just a few weeks ago, we observed the fifth anniversary of  Superstorm Sandy. New Jersey's recovery from that traumatic event has  been prolonged in part by issues facing the National Flood Insurance  Program. Too many of my constituents are still dealing with high  premiums and inaccurate flood maps or are still waiting for their Sandy  claims appeals to be decided.   We need a long-term NFIP reauthorization that focuses on increasing  affordability, investing in mitigation, capping the profits of flood  insurance companies, and comprehensively restructuring the claims  process--and this bill fails these tests.   H.R. 3823 would undermine the NFIP by allowing the development of a  private flood insurance market, opening the door to allowing insurance  companies to cherry-pick low-risk properties while leaving high-risk  ones in the NFIP. This bill does not do enough to address affordability  issues and actually increases rates for some policyholders. It will  allow commercial properties to opt out of mandatory coverage even if  they are in a high-risk zone, which will further decrease the pool and  weaken the program.   Finally, this bill simply does not do enough to improve transparency  and reform the claims process. Enactment of this legislation would make  flood insurance more expensive and less available, while not actually  addressing the program's many problems.   I have actually introduced legislation to tackle NFIP's issues head- on. The bill is the bipartisan SAFE NFIP Reauthorization Act, which  would reauthorize the program, cap premium rate increases, authorize  funding for more accurate flood mapping, reform the appeals process,  and cap the compensation of flood insurance companies.   I also offered amendments to the Rules Committee that would improve  this bill, including a 10 percent cap on premium increases, increasing  the increased cost of compliance from $30,000 to $100,000, capping the  profits of flood insurance companies, and other pro-policyholder  provisions, but none of these amendments were accepted by the Rules  Committee.   I hear my Republican colleagues talk about transparency. In fact,  this is the 50th closed rule of the year, an all-time record for closed  rules. They blocked both Democratic and Republican amendments. The  Rules Committee says in its report this is a closed rule. If it is a  closed rule, then how can they talk about transparency or process?   Some of my Republican colleagues who offered amendments that were  denied were Mr. Donovan of New York, affected by Sandy; Mr. Graves of  Louisiana, affected by Katrina; and Mr. Pascrell and I, who went  through Superstorm Sandy.   It is incredible to me that we had a number of Democrats and  Republicans who really wanted to reform the flood insurance program in  an effective way based on their experiences--not some ideology--based  on their experiences in the superstorms that we saw that impacted our  districts, and the Rules Committee denied every one of those  amendments.   