 Mr. Speaker, I am here today to ask my colleagues to  support funding for Hurricane Harvey disaster relief. Often, the TV  news goes around taking their cameras seeking the worst damage to  create the most dramatic story.   In the case of Hurricane Harvey in the district I represent, you  could drop a camera almost anywhere in towns like Rockport, Port  Aransas, Aransas Pass, Ingleside, Refugio, Tivoli, Port Lavaca, and  Victoria, and have that dramatic heart-wrenching shot of devastation.   My friends' and neighbors' homes were completely flattened by  hurricane winds. Businesses were destroyed and much of towns were under  water, like in Wharton, following the unprecedented flooding left  behind by this storm. It is the worst we have seen in decades.   Many people, including the town mayor of Port Aransas, suffered and  lost everything. He was walking around the emergency operation center  when the mayor of Corpus Christi went up to him and said: I am jealous.  You get to work in shorts, a Hawaiian shirt, and flip-flops.   The Port Aransas mayor looked at him and said: It is all I have left.   You know, the good news for our communities is that we came together  during this disaster. Groups from around the State and around the  country donated to help, and many assisted the rescue and cleanup and  came down and cooked food for evacuees and survivors. People opened  their homes and their hearts to strangers.   But the victims of the storms also need FEMA's help as well, with  things such as emergency assistance and housing. Our cities and  counties need help clearing brush and debris, and we will need to make  major infrastructure repairs to areas decimated by Harvey.   With people registering for assistance at record rates using their  smartphones, going to disasterassistance.gov, or using the FEMA app,  FEMA will be out of money in just 2 or 3 days if we don't pass this.   I urge my colleagues to open their hearts, the way so many Americans  have, and pass H. Res. 502. I want to say a special thank-you to those  who donated, those who came and volunteered, and to everybody who  helped out.   Mr. Speaker, we are not only Texas strong, we are America strong.   