 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 1431 is a blatant attempt to cripple the  important mission of the EPA by stacking the EPA Science Advisory Board  with industry insiders.   When Congress established the Science Advisory Board in 1978 to  review the scientific data that informs the EPA's regulatory process,  they did that with the requirement that the Board be balanced  with representatives from industry and academia. The legislation we are  considering today would skew that balance in favor of industry, with  the intent of slowing down the EPA's regulatory process.    With a significant respect for the vice chair from Oklahoma, it makes  no sense to suggest that the representatives of regulated corporate  interests, however expert, can be credibly described as ``defenders of  scientific integrity.''   I am particularly concerned about the double standard mandated by  this bill. On the one hand, the bill makes it easier for industry  representatives to serve on the Board by only requiring that they  disclose their conflicts of interest. There is no recusal requirement  for industry insiders, no matter how deep their financial ties may go  or how much their industry is regulated by the EPA. But, astonishingly,  on the other hand, the same scientists and researchers who received EPA  research grants or contracts are automatically disqualified from  service. Any scientists or researcher would be precluded from accepting  any grant or contract for 3 years after their service.   So the scientists who spent their whole career becoming the world's  top experts on a given topic must choose between advising our public  health or continuing their research. They can bring their knowledge to  the EPA and give up that work or continue.   Why oh why would we make it more difficult for the scientists and  academic experts to participate in the Science Advisory Board while at  the same time making it easier for industry experts to participate? Why  would we want less science on the Science Advisory Board?   This proposal does nothing to advance science or protect public  health. Instead, it creates senseless hurdles, burdensome red tape for  the Science Advisory Board, and makes it more difficult to achieve its  mission. We need to let scientists and researchers do their jobs by  opposing this legislation.   