 Madam President, I am very pleased to be able to join  Senator Donnelly, Senator Hirono, and Senator Blumenthal on this  extraordinarily important issue that goes right to the heart of what we  want health care to be in this country. I have always felt that the  really big issues, the really important issues, need to be bipartisan.  You need to find a path to some common ground.   As Senator Donnelly and our colleagues have pointed out, what is  being discussed now is an inherently partisan process for dealing with  one of the most sensitive and most important issues of our time; that  is, Medicare and what it represents. I had a chance to listen to  Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono discuss this issue. It made me  recall my days when I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, the  senior citizens group. I was director of the group for almost 7 years  before I was elected to Congress. This was back in the days when I had  a full head of hair and rugged good looks.   We always talked about Medicare being a promise. It was a promise of  guaranteed benefits. They were going to be there. They were going to be  secure. They were going to be defined. In effect, all who supported  Medicare said they would oppose unraveling that promise, unraveling  that pledge of guaranteed benefits. It seems to me, without strong  legislation, the kind of legislation my colleagues are advocating, we  are putting that promise at risk.   I think when you look back at the history of what was available for  older people before Medicare, you would see why this promise and this  pledge is so important. For so many older people, there was,  essentially, what amounted to poor farms. We had one not far from where  we lived at home in Oregon. When Medicare was being debated, people  brought out those pictures. They talked about what it meant, in a  country as strong and good and rich as ours, for older people not to  have a life of dignity and security and decent health care.   When Medicare was adopted in 1965, it was all about the promise. It  was all about the guarantee. That is what Senator Donnelly and Senator  Hirono are standing up for as part of this debate. I know that some who  don't share our view are going to say: Well, there are tremendous  challenges with respect to Medicare. There is no question about that-- 10,000 people turning 65 every day for years and years--but there is so  much that can be done, Democrats and Republicans, if you want to reject  something that is partisan like reconciliation and come together. You  can come together around updating the Medicare guarantee. I say this to  my friends Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono, who have done such good  work on this.    We are not saying there aren't any challenges. The fact is that  Medicare today in 2017 is very different than Medicare when it began in  1965. It is dominated by chronic illness: cancer, diabetes, heart  disease. But we can come up with fresh, practical approaches for  dealing with those challenges, consistent with what Senator Donnelly  and Senator Hirono are talking about, which is keeping the Medicare  promise, keeping the Medicare guarantee, not allowing the program to be  privatized.   We started on that with the Affordable Care Act. There were a number  of us in the Senate. Senator Isakson was very involved. At the time,  Senator Markey was a Member of the other body. We advocated for  something called Independence at Home, which allowed the Medicare  Program to begin to take care of those with chronic illness at home.   So I am very appreciative of what Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono  are doing because what they are saying is this: Instead of gambling on  the health of older people with a partisan reconciliation process,  let's work in a bipartisan way to build on the promise of Medicare, the  promise of those guaranteed benefits.   We can do that. We can do that by creating more options for caring  for older people at home. We can do it by expanding telemedicine and  using new technology. We can do it by creating more opportunities for  nonphysician providers. These are all ways that we can build on the  Medicare promise and the Medicare guarantee and deal with the  challenges of our time. But we are not going to be able to deal with  those challenges through partisan approaches like reconciliation that  would privatize the program and unravel the promise.   So I am very pleased to be able to have a chance to be out on the  floor with my colleagues who have been strong advocates for Medicare,  who rightly put this issue front and center in the debate, because I  think a lot of what is being discussed is really getting lost. A big  part of this debate really seems to be about creating a Trojan horse to  give tax cuts to some of the most fortunate, while, in effect, raising  health care costs for millions of others and breaking the Medicare  promise, which is what my colleagues are seeking to protect in their  amendment No. 20.   We are going to be talking more about this. Certainly, as the senior  Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, we will be having significant  debates about these issues in the committee. But I am very appreciative  that Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono have allowed us to jump-start  what this debate is really all about; and that is, keeping the promise  of Medicare, keeping the promise of guaranteed benefits, working in a  bipartisan way to update the guarantee to deal with chronic illness and  improve options for home care. I commend them both for their good work.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, my colleague from Illinois has addressed  very clearly what some of the human consequences of this are going to  be. I am going to take a few minutes as well to describe it. I am very  pleased our colleague Senator Murray is here because she has really led  the effort--and I have been very pleased to join her--in terms of  trying to promote expanded health care services for vulnerable women in  America.   I say to Senator Murray, I saw there was a comment made by some who  advocate the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. They said: Nobody was  going to get hurt--nobody in America was going to get hurt. The reality  is, that is not true for the hundreds and hundreds of thousands of  women who depend on Planned Parenthood for basic health care, for  preventive health services, for essential services, for example, like  cancer screens.   So this notion that somehow nobody is going to get hurt by repealing  the Affordable Care Act is simply contradicted, from rural Oregon to  rural Maine, when you see the kind of pain and suffering this is going  to end up generating for some of the poorest and most vulnerable women  in our country. The fact is, what has been set in motion by Republicans  here in the Senate is a scheme that I call repeal and run. It is about  very large tax breaks for the most fortunate, paid for by taking health  insurance away from millions of working people. Under it, the insurance  companies are back in the driver's seat, health care costs skyrocket  across the board, and that is true even for those who get their  insurance at work.    The replacement plan our colleagues on the other side have promised  for years is somehow hidden away, with tens of millions of Americans in  the dark about what is coming next for their health care.   Whenever I hear about the replacement, the whole notion of what would  be there for families in the future, it reminds me of what used to be  the old movie house in town. It had a big marquee up at the top of it,  and it would always talk about the movie ``coming soon,'' but the movie  never actually got there. When I hear about the replacement, what I  think about is that everybody is going to be sitting in the dark again.  [[Page S140]]    What is essentially at stake here is whether America is going to go  back to the days when health care was for the healthy and the wealthy.  That is what health care used to be all about. If you were healthy, no  problems, nothing to worry about. If you were wealthy, you could just  write out checks when you had a whole host of preexisting conditions.   What the Senate is going to vote on this week is whether to green- light the first step in this scheme to go back to the days when health  care was for the healthy and wealthy with a budget resolution.   I think it is fair to say budget resolutions usually aren't the prime  topic at dinner table conversations in America, but this year there are  serious consequences--serious consequences--personal, life-and-death  consequences because of this scheme that is being pushed through the  Senate. That is where I believe the focus ought to be and why I am  going to spend the remainder of my time talking about persons whose  lives in Oregon are going to be directly affected and, in some cases,  endangered.   Maleta Christian is from Douglas County, OR, a beautiful rural  community. She is a personal support worker, providing care to adults  with intellectual and developmental disabilities. She had always  carried health insurance until she was unexpectedly laid off from her  job. She was without coverage for more than a year, but then she was  able to buy a plan through the Affordable Care Act.   For Maleta, having insurance meant cancer screenings that, very  likely, saved her life. Doctors found tumors that had to be removed.  Later, she was diagnosed with a degenerative hip and back problems that  caused her pain every day, making it difficult to get through a  physically demanding and grueling job.   Her prescription drug coverage, which she gets through a plan under  the Affordable Care Act, is what makes it possible for Maleta to get up  every morning and get through that workday. Thanks to the care she has  received, Maleta made it to her daughter's wedding, and she was proud  that she even baked the cake.   Another Oregonian, Rita from Salem, comes from a family who has been  struggling with depression. It is a condition that has been stigmatized  for far too long in this country.   I know something about this because my late brother, Jeff, faced the  stigma of mental health. He was a schizophrenic, and he passed at far  too early an age. Far too many of those with mental illness have been  denied care and shunted to the fringes of society.   Before Rita got coverage through the Affordable Care Act, she was  forced to pour a staggering share of her income into health-related  expenses. It was nearly two-thirds in 2011. Even then, she didn't have  access to the mental health treatments she needed. Her depression used  to keep her out of work.   With coverage from the Affordable Care Act tax credits that made it  affordable, Rita's costs have fallen substantially. She now gets the  prescription and therapy that help her manage her condition, and she  can live a healthier life.   Another of my constituents is Mary, who lives in Milwaukie, OR, with  her husband and 7-year-old daughter. She has a hereditary disease known  as HAE. It is a rare genetic condition that causes dangerous swelling,  lasting days at a time, affecting various parts of the body. If Mary  goes without treatment, attacks come on regularly, even multiple times  a week. When they do, it is completely disabling.   Before she got insurance through the Affordable Care Act, she rotated  through health plans and insurers to maintain coverage and avoid  hitting caps on treatments. She sought out clinical studies to get free  care, typically participating in one each year.   So on top of holding down a job, raising a daughter, battling a life- threatening condition that affects 1 in 50,000 Americans, she was  basically out trying to cobble some decent health care together. The  system was so badly broken, she basically sewed her own health care  safety net, but the ACA protected patients like Mary from  discrimination and guaranteed access to care.   These are three Oregonians. They come from different backgrounds, and  they have battled different conditions, but they share a lot in common  with each other and with people around the land.   Not long ago, in the eyes of insurance companies, the women who I  just mentioned would have worn their preexisting conditions like  scarlet letters. But the insurance they have now gives them the  opportunity for healthier, more productive lives, and that is what is  endangered because of the scheme that is being pushed through Congress,  pushed through the Senate by Republicans right now.   Costs are going to shoot up if the plan goes forward. The premium  subsidies millions of Americans count on to buy insurance could be  eliminated. Even if Americans with preexisting conditions have access  to health care after this repeal scheme goes through, it doesn't mean  they can afford it.   What my colleagues on the other side have said repeatedly for years  is that they were going to repeal and replace--no gap, no harm done to  anybody. The replacement would be ready on day one.   It sure looks as though that promise is going to be broken. The  replacement is still hidden somewhere, but the process of repeal is  rolling forward. In the meantime, millions of Americans are left  guessing what is going to happen to their care if this plays out.   The bottom line for me and my colleagues is really this. If Members  on the other side want to debate how to solve this country's health  care challenge, we will have that debate.   I would say to my colleagues on the other side: I have spent about as  much time as anybody here in this body looking for bipartisan  approaches to address health care. So let's find ways to bring down  costs for families. Let's make prescription drugs more affordable.  Let's uphold the promise of Medicare because that is what it is; it is  a promise of guaranteed benefits. But we are not going to be able to do  that on a partisan scheme called the budget resolution and  reconciliation. That is not about bringing people together for a  bipartisan effort. That is about tearing things down, tearing down the  Affordable Care Act, so I want that understood.   My colleague Senator Murray is here. She and I work together closely  because of our committees. We feel very, very strongly about how  uniquely important this time is because this is a time when our country  has to decide not to go back to the dark days when health care was  reserved for the healthy and wealthy. That is what the other side has  on offer right now. It is a proposition that my colleagues and I are  going to fight with all our strength.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   