 Mr. President, as most of my colleagues know by now, we  have been working for I believe about a year and a half--certainly  throughout this tax reform process--to address the issue of the child  tax credit in an effort to increase it. I am grateful that in this  process, we have been able to increase the child tax credit to $2,000.  That will help a lot of people.   I have been asked by some people: Why isn't that enough? Why aren't  you happy with that? The answer is that the people we most want to help  are not going to be able to fully use it, and here is why. For them,  for people who are making $30,000 or $40,000 or $50,000--you are a  construction worker; you are a teacher; you are a firefighter; you are  a welder; you are a bus driver--the backbone of America's workers-- their main tax liability is their payroll tax. Unless you allow the tax  credit to apply fully not just to their income tax--many of whom don't  have a high income tax liability but a payroll tax--they are not going  to enjoy the full benefit. The result is kind of absurd if you do one  without the other. The result is, if you make $500,000 a year and you  have enough kids, you can use the whole credit, but if you don't make  that much money--if you make, say, $25,000 a year--you won't get nearly  as much of the credit even though you have paid the taxes. It kind of  doesn't make any sense, right?   We are trying to help people with the cost of raising children by  allowing them to keep more of their own money. It is the people who  make less who need it the most, and when you only do half of it, which  is the $2,000 increase, you only get it half right. So it is good, and  there are people who are going to be helped by that, but we could have  helped so much more.   The bill we have today, which is before us here and will be before us  in a few minutes when there is a substitute provided, cuts the  corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. A reduction in the  corporate tax rate is something that I strongly support because I think  it makes America more competitive and, in the process, is going to help  a lot of these same people whom  [[Page S7690]]  we are trying to help. I know that sounds countercyclical, but it does  because when these corporations are able to save money in taxes, many  of them will use some of that money to create new jobs and hire more  people. That money--some of it will be reinvested and perhaps even flow  toward workers in the form of higher wages over time.   These are positive things, so I am not against a reduction of the  corporate tax rate. In fact, I ran for President, for the Senate, and  for reelection to the Senate on the promise of reducing the corporate  tax rate to 25 percent. So 20 percent goes well beyond that. However,  in order to be able to pass something that pays for it, because you  have to--and people don't know this back home, so I will just kind of  explain it--this bill allows us roughly about $1.5 trillion over the  next 10 years of spending over revenue. Now, we think that the growth  in the economy is going to more than offset that, but for purposes of  the rules of the Senate, it has to be within those parameters.   In order for us to offer an amendment that provides an increase in  the child tax credit at a rate that we want to do it--about $86.9  billion--we have to find $86.9 billion somewhere in order to be able to  do it. Initially, instead of cutting the corporate tax rate from 35 to  20, we proposed cutting it from 35 to 22. It is still a massive cut. It  is still well below the international average of 23. It still puts us  in third place among the seven largest economies in the world. But that  was met with significant resistance.   We have always said that we would be open to an additional way or a  different way of doing it, so today when the substitute amendment is  offered, we are going to offer an amendment, Senator Lee and I. Instead  of 22 percent, it is going to propose that we reduce the corporate tax  from 35 to 20.94 percent. Basically, instead of a 15-percent reduction,  it will be a 14.06-percent reduction, OK? The difference between what  is in the bill and what we are proposing is less than 1 percentage  point of reduction in the corporate tax rate--0.94 percent. With less  than that 1 percent difference, we can make a huge difference in the  lives of millions of Americans making between $20,000 and $50,000, as  an example. That would generate about $87.4 billion, and we could use  $86.9 billion of it to allow working families with children to keep  more of their own money to pay for the costs of raising their children.  I will remind you of who these people are. These are teachers,  firefighters, welders, construction workers, truck drivers--the working  class.   We didn't even have to do that, to be frank. From last night to  today, the leadership and those working on this--and they have worked  very hard--found an additional approximately $260 billion to cut even  more taxes for businesses. I have no problem with that. I want America  to be super competitive. But somehow, through some political jiujitsu  or some sort of magical formula, $260 billion appeared to provide even  further cuts, and that is fine. I just wish that some of that jiujitsu  and political magic had been employed on behalf of the millions of  Americans making between $20,000, $50,000, and $60,000 a year because  they need our help.   What has been the opposition to this? Frankly, some of it is untrue.  Some of it is offensive. Some of the opposition I have heard is that  the people who would benefit from this tax cut don't pay taxes. They  don't pay income tax or a lot of income tax, but they pay tax. If at 5  o'clock today you left your job as a construction worker and you  received your paycheck, they took money out of your paycheck. When they  take $200 out of your paycheck, it doesn't matter if it says FICA or if  it says income tax withholding; it is $200. It is the same money, and  you have $200 less of it. That is a tax. Anytime the government takes  your money, it is a tax.   I have had people tell me, including people in the administration,  that they don't pay taxes. I have had people say that they don't  generate economic growth, which is, in my mind, No. 1, not true, and  No. 2, the wrong way to think about it. You see, our economy should be  working for our people, not our people for our economy, and when you  talk that way, you have it wrong.   I also disagree that they don't generate growth because when you make  $50,000, you spend every penny that you make. I know these people. I  live in West Miami, FL, and West Miami is a small, little city. It is  three-quarters of a square mile. I have lived there since 1985. The  average income is $38,000 a year. If you make $38,000 a year, you spend  every penny, especially if you are raising children.   I do not care how much people tell you to put some money aside and  save it for the future; you cannot because everything costs more and  there are unexpected costs. You bought brandnew shoes in September for  school, and by November they either have a hole or they no longer fit.  You bought them a backpack in August for back-to-school, and by  November or December, it has a hole in it or something broken and you  have to pay for it. Costs constantly come up that you haven't  anticipated.   Where do they spend this money? In our economy. So, yes, maybe they  don't generate as much growth as a Fortune 500 company, but they have  to spend every penny of it, so they do generate growth.   I have even heard terms used like ``It is a black hole'' and ``It is  welfare.'' It is not welfare; it is their money. I heard one newspaper  editorial say that it is anti-work. How could a tax credit that you  can't get unless you are working be anti-work? I will tell you what is  anti-work: a package of benefits from the government that you get-- which is worth more than this tax credit--that you are eligible for if  you don't work.    I want you to tell the worker at a Head Start facility--think about  this. You are a teacher at a Head Start pre-K, and you make too much  money for your children to go to Head Start, but you don't make enough  to be able to afford child care for your own kids. That is happening  all over this country, and somehow there are black holes that we can't  even find $86.9 billion to help them just a little bit more.   The second argument we have heard is that we can't cut the corporate  tax rate because it is going to hurt growth. OK. You are telling me  that if we have a corporate tax rate that goes from 35 percent to 20.94  percent, that is going to hurt growth. Twenty percent is the most  phenomenal thing we have ever done for growth, but if you add 0.94  percent to that, it is a catastrophe. We are going to lose thousands of  jobs. Come on--especially when you add that to the fact that they are  going to be able to immediately expense their investments, when you add  that to the fact that they are going to repatriate money abroad to the  United States with the lower tax rates. When you add all the things  that we have done, argue all you want, but don't please don't tell me  that 0.94 percent is going to somehow lead to less economic growth  because it is just not true.   We are going to have a vote later today. I don't know how many votes  they are going to make us have in order to pass this; there are all  kinds of procedural things that happen here. But I can tell you that  this is about a lot more than just tax reform. We have a big problem  that perhaps this tax reform debate has revealed; that is, the only way  forward in this country is one that is pro-worker and pro-growth, and  you cannot have one without the other. I can tell you that in this  country today, there are millions and millions of people who have been  hurt by the new economy. The new economy is great. There is nothing we  can do to turn it back. The future is here, and you cannot go back to  the past.   We should embrace the new economy. It has created extraordinary  wealth for people who are innovators or people who have the right  careers or right jobs. I don't begrudge it. I am glad that it is  happening. But when you have a new economy, just as when we had the  Industrial Revolution, there are some people who are going to be hurt  and we have to help them in that transition because if we don't help  them, we are going to break the social compact that holds our Nation  together. I am not claiming that the child tax credit will solve that  problem by itself. I am telling you that if we aren't even willing to  do another $86 billion of allowing people to keep their own money--not  even willing to do something as small as this--we are not willing to do  anything for working people in this country, and that is a big problem.  That is  [[Page S7691]]  an enormous challenge for our Nation. These people have felt neglected  and disrespected for a long time.   I want to be very careful, but I want to be clear about what I am  saying. The political debate in America today is either all about  helping the very poor--and I support the safety net. I don't think free  enterprise works without a safety net. It should be there to help  people who cannot help themselves, to help people stand back up on  their feet and try again. The political debate is also all about  helping the business community, and I support that because we need  vibrant economic growth to create jobs and opportunity.   But what about everyone else? What about the people who make $50,000  a year? They make too much money for CHIP, for pre-K paid for them by  the government through Head Start, for ObamaCare subsidies, too much  for government benefits, but they don't make nearly enough to afford  the cost of living. What about them? What is in it for them?   Yes, there is going to be economic growth and there are going to be  wage increases, but not for everyone, not in this new economy in which  the haves and have-nots are largely divided between those who have the  right skills and right degrees and those who do not, and that has gone  unaddressed for a very long time. I am telling you, if we do not  address it, we leave our Nation vulnerable to two dangerous political  extremes--radical socialism on the left and ethnic nationalism on the  right--and neither of them are true to the American principles that  created the greatest Nation on Earth.   Again, I am not here to tell you that the child tax credit solves  that problem. I am here to tell you that if we can't even do that, it  is evidence of our unwillingness to do beyond it the tasks that need to  be done. We have a major challenge in this Nation. All we are asking  for and all I implore my colleagues to vote for--I know that for people  on the other side of the aisle, this doesn't go far enough. I  understand it; I do. I know you want to get to a higher number; I know  you want it to apply to more people. I promise you, I did too. I wanted  it to be $2,500. I am trying to figure out in this constitutional  Republic, which cannot be a zero-sum game, how we can make things  better if we do not make them perfect.   And on the other side of the aisle, I implore my colleagues to  believe that this is not a black hole, and this is not welfare. These  are the teachers, firefighters, neighbors, and friends who are  struggling because everything costs so much more. Why can't we just  help them keep a little bit more of their own money? Really, is a 20.94  percent corporate tax rate going to hurt growth, especially if it will  help us provide a little bit more assistance for the people who, today,  desperately need our help?   I hope I can earn the support of as many of my colleagues as  possible. It won't make this bill perfect. It doesn't go far enough for  some, but it will make it better.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, this amendment would allow people making  primarily between $20,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year--workers,  firefighters, police officers--to keep more of their own payroll tax  liabilities. In a moment, there will be a point of order, and the  objection to this has been budgetary. This is paid for. Instead of  cutting the corporate rate to 20 percent, it cuts it to 20.94 percent.  Instead of a 15-point cut, we are asking for a 14.06 cut. Apparently,  American corporations at 20 percent, America will be a corporate  utopia, but at 20.94, it is a catastrophe. That is ridiculous. Voting  against this today you are basically arguing that a 0.94 cut is  something corporations can't afford, and that is more important to keep  in place than giving American families an $800 child tax credit. That  is ridiculous.   Apparently, American companies are allowed to immediately invest  their investment in equipment and in land, but American parents should  not be allowed to immediately invest their hard-earned money in our  children and in our future. I ask all of you to fight for the American  worker. This isn't perfect, but it is better than what we have now, and  I ask everyone for your vote.    Madam President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of this  amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.   