 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Walker for this  opportunity.   It is so appropriate on People's Night to talk about the very  littlest people in America, isn't it?   Mr. Speaker, the United States of America is a unique nation that is  premised on that bedrock foundation that we are all created equal, and  that each of us is endowed by our Creator with the unalienable right to  live.   That is why it is so important for Members of Congress to remind  ourselves from time to time that protecting the lives of all Americans  and their constitutional rights is why we are really all here. It is  our sworn oath before God and the people of this Nation.   Yet today, a great shadow looms over America. More than 18,000 late- term abortions, very late-term abortions, are occurring in America  every year, placing the mothers at exponentially greater risk and  subjecting their pain-capable unborn babies to torture and death  without anesthesia--this, in the land of the free and the home of the  brave. It is the greatest human rights atrocity in the United States  today.   Almost every other major civilized nation on Earth protects pain- capable unborn babies at this stage, and every credible poll of the  American people shows that they are overwhelmingly in favor of  protecting them. Yet we have given these little babies less legal  protection from unnecessary cruelty than the protection we have given  farm animals under the Federal Humane Slaughter Act.   But thankfully, Mr. Speaker, the winds of change have finally begun  to blow, and the tide of blindness and blood is finally turning in  America. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act has already once  passed in this body, and it will again, Mr. Speaker; and these little  babies now have a new and very powerful friend and protector in  President Donald J. Trump.   No matter how it is shouted down or what distortions, deception what- ifs, distractions, diversions, gotchas, twisting of words, changing the  subject, or blatant falsehoods the abortion industry hurls at this bill  and its supporters, it will remain a deeply sincere effort, beginning  at the sixth month of pregnancy, to protect both mothers and their  pain-capable unborn babies from this torturous atrocity of late-term  abortion on demand. Ultimately, it is one all humane Americans can  support if they truly understand it for themselves.   So the question that now remains is whether the Republican leader in  the Senate will find the courage to prevent pro-abortion Democrats from  once again using the Senate filibuster to prevent this bill from even  coming to the floor in the Senate for debate.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for all Americans to open our eyes and our  souls and recognize the humanity of these helpless little babies and  the inhumanity of what is being done to them. Protecting these little  children of God and their mothers is not a Republican issue; it is not  a Democratic issue; it is a decisive test of our own humanity and who  we are as a human family.   