 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to provide relief to the people of Cairo,  Illinois, and other communities across the country who have fallen  victim to corruption in their local housing authorities.   Last year, the Department of Housing and Urban Development took  control of Alexander County Housing Authority in my district after  decades of fraud and mismanagement. Many of Cairo's public housing  units were falling apart, rating somewhere between dangerous and  unlivable. All the while, the housing authority's senior staff  continued to cash in: excessive pay, great benefits, large pension  payouts, and big consulting contracts for former executive directors.  All of this was paid for with taxpayers' money.   An investigation by The Southern Illinoisan newspaper found local  residents coping with leaking roofs, moldy living facilities, broken  heating and air conditioning, rats, and cockroaches--unbelievable  living conditions.   This didn't happen overnight. It happened after many years of  neglect. The situation is so bad that the worst housing units in Cairo  are being destroyed, and families are being required to move.   Sadly, Cairo's story is not unique. Similar stories of mismanagement  and fraud have occurred in housing authorities across the country.  While I continue to fight for families in Cairo, we must work to help  those who have been relocated at no fault of their own.   My amendment would require the State applications include plans to  help these families transition to their new communities and find work.  This will be an important step forward for Americans already fighting  to stay on their feet.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I want  to say to everyone, if they can, to support this amendment.   I want everyone to know also that it is my hope that both State and  Federal authorities pursue, in this particular case, those who have  abused the system, that they prosecute them, and that they are put in  situations where they are in prison, because there they will receive  better housing conditions than what they left these people with.   Now, this amendment deals with the fact of allowing them the  opportunity to work and to step them up into a better life. But I hope  and I pray that the people who are responsible for Cairo and all these  other facilities will be prosecuted to the full extent.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   