 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  Colorado for yielding to me on such an important issue not only to my  district, not only to my city, not only to my State, but to our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to discuss a vital program within  the Department of Homeland Security, the Securing the Cities program.   The Domestic Nuclear Detection Office's Securing the Cities program  enhances the ability of States and localities to detect and prevent  terrorist attacks and other high-consequence events using nuclear and  radiological materials in high-risk urban areas through the provisions  of training, equipment, and other resources.   Securing the Cities began as a pilot program in 2006 in the New York  City region, including surrounding jurisdictions of New Jersey and  Connecticut. Since that time, it has expanded to Los Angeles; Chicago;  Washington, D.C.; and Houston. Once the program is fully implemented,  it is estimated that it will protect nearly 100 million people  nationwide, Americans.   Hailing from New York City and representing Staten Island and  Brooklyn, I have seen firsthand the positive impact of the Securing the  Cities program. Since 2007, our region has purchased more than 13,000  radiation detectors and trained nearly 20,000 personnel.   I had the opportunity to observe an exercise in Brooklyn last year  and witnessed New York City Police Department personnel using Securing  the Cities-procured equipment to locate and identify hidden  radiological sources in a baseball stadium. During the exercise, I  spoke with the participating officers and received a demonstration of  the different types of equipment they deployed.   This program is making a difference in New York City, and I support  its continued expansion. That is why I introduced H.R. 655, the  Securing the Cities Act of 2017. This bill authorizes the Securing the  Cities program, underscoring our commitment to protecting our major  cities from catastrophic terrorist attacks.   As we, unfortunately, saw earlier this week, our major cities,  including my hometown of New York City, in particular, remain targets  for terrorist groups. We have to do everything we can to ensure the  Department of Homeland Security and our State and local partners have  the tools they need to address the threats that we face. The Securing  the Cities program is one of those tools.   I am pleased that the House quickly passed my legislation earlier  this year on January 31. It is now time for the Senate to act. Mr.  Speaker, I urge the Senate to move swiftly to approve H.R. 655 to  authorize the Securing the Cities program and ensure its continued  expansion.   In April 2010, President Obama stated: ``The single biggest threat to  U.S. security, both short term, medium term, and long term, would be  the possibility of a terrorist organization obtaining a nuclear  weapon.''   Since that time, the FBI has disrupted attempts by smugglers in  Eastern Europe to sell nuclear materials to extremist groups and  criminal organizations. The threat has not abated.   I am thankful for the work of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office  to provide support and guidance to New York City and other urban areas  to meet the threats we face.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the Senate to quickly take action to pass the  Securing the Cities Act of 2017. Again, I thank my colleague for  organizing this Special Order.   