 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this  measure to allocate critical funds to urgent rescue and recovery  operations currently underway in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey.   The destruction of Hurricane Harvey is horrific, and the loss of life  is heartbreaking. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is helping to  lead the disaster response. FEMA needs immediate resources from  Congress.   Natural disasters can strike any part of the Nation at any time. No  State is immune from the forces of nature, and States and localities  should never have to question if aid is on the way.   Our excellent Federal officials have the resources and experience to  mitigate harm. They need to continue putting that experience to use,  helping our neighbors in need, protect critical infrastructure, contain  hazardous sites, and save lives.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his leadership in  assembling this immediate assistance for those in need. I urge a  ``yes'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the SELF  DRIVE Act. This groundbreaking work of the Energy and Commerce  Committee is the first major step toward establishing a clear legal and  regulatory framework for autonomous vehicle deployment.   Self-driving cars are going to transform many aspects of American  life and our economy. Autonomous vehicle technology will spur job  creation while increasing productivity, accessibility, and safety for  consumers across the country.   The potential benefits are tremendous. Those with limited mobility  will have new transportation options, and self-driving cars can reverse  the rising trend of distracted and impaired drivers, road accidents,  and highway fatalities. Autonomous vehicles can help turn the tide.   Innovators are waiting to jump into this exciting new market. We need  to be their partners in this 21st century groundbreaking achievement.   I thank Chairman Latta and Ranking Member Schakowsky for leading this  bipartisan effort through the U.S. House. Let's drive into the future.  I urge a ``yes'' vote.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Diaz-Balart for yielding me  time.   Mr. Chairman, this is not an earmark. The Northeast Corridor region  is an economic powerhouse. It generates $3 trillion in annual economic  output and is home to 20 percent of the Nation's gross domestic  product, more than 51 million people, and 4 of the 10 largest  metropolitan areas in the United States. It is a moneymaker for Amtrak  and the Federal Government, serving more than 750,000 people every day  on 2,000 intercity and commuter trains.   Travel up and down this corridor of passengers and freight is  critical to the economy of the entire country. If one of these tunnels  were to fail, the negative economic and transportation implications  would ripple to other States such as Kentucky, Delaware, Florida,  Georgia, Indiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New  Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina,  North Carolina, Vermont, Virginia, and West Virginia.   According to the Northeast Corridor Commission, underinvestment in  the Northeast Corridor already costs the economy $500 million annually,  $30 million more than the savings from the amendment.   The Gateway Project is a national priority. I urge a ``no'' vote on  this amendment.   