 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, anyone who watches the news, reads the  newspaper, or goes on social media knows there are a lot of bad things  happening in our world. Folks at home and across the globe are  confronting devastations from hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, wars,  and forest fires, as in my home State. Tensions between the United  States and North Korea have never been higher, reaching a dangerous  level. The world is watching all of this with bated breath.   In the midst of this deluge of news, a human rights catastrophe is  unfolding virtually unnoticed. I am talking about the members of the  Burmese military engaging in horrific acts of unthinkable violence  against the Rohingya--a Muslim minority population in a predominantly  Buddhist nation.   The Burmese military, along with civilian accomplices, have  slaughtered more than 3,000 innocent civilians. They have raped  thousands of Rohingya women. They have beheaded children as young as 6  years old. They have burned countless villages to the ground. Through  these brutal acts, the Burmese military has driven half a million  Rohingya refugees to camps in nearby Bangladesh, with Burmese soldiers  continuing to shoot at them as they try to cross the border--a border,  by the way, along which landmines have been laid by the Burmese  military.   The brutality of what is happening in that country is truly beyond  comprehension. The Burmese Government calls it a security operation,  but we need to call it exactly what it is--ethnic cleansing. So often I  have heard the words ``never again,'' that the United States will stand  up to ethnic cleansing. This is one of those moments when we must stand  up.   What is happening in Burma is a crime against humanity. As a country,  we have more responsibility to take a stand and to speak out against  it, to make the world take notice of the atrocities, call for their  end, and to work toward their end.   The Rohingya are a people trapped in a cycle of violence and  persecution by the Burmese Government and military. The Government of  Burma has turned them into stateless people--refusing to recognize  them, refusing to give them citizenship in spite of the fact that much  of the Rohingya community has been there for centuries. They need our  help.   The Burma Government has adopted laws that ban the Rohingyas from  traveling without official permission, from owning land, from securing  a public education, from obtaining employment by either a state or  private business.   When the Burmese Government says that it will welcome back the  refugees who can prove their citizenship, they are being completely  disingenuous and completely treacherous, because they know--and the  whole world should know--that the very laws of Burma make it impossible  for the Rohingya to prove their citizenship since they have been denied  citizenship by the Government of Burma. We cannot sit idly by and let  ethnic cleansing continue.   One nation that has stepped up is Bangladesh. As the leaders of Burma  have persecuted the Rohingya and burned the villages and shot the  refugees as they were fleeing, the Government of Bangladesh has opened  its door. It has proceeded to allow humanitarian groups access and the  United Nations access. This is commendable, but more needs to be done.  These refugee camps are overcrowded. There are not enough supplies,  clean toilets, food, or clean water. Doctors Without Borders says that  they are on the brink of a ``public health disaster.'' Unlike  Bangladesh, other countries have yet to speak up.   Indeed, I am concerned by reports that some factions within India  have been explicitly, publicly seeking to expel India's own Rohingya  population. It is important for the international community to weigh in  with them and to ask them to respect international law and to protect  the Rohingya refugees. India knows full well that there is nowhere to  send them. If they send them back to Burma, there will just be more  persecution of the men, the women, and the children.   It underscores the fact that the Rohingya need help and that the  world should answer the call. As we do, we must use what influence we  have to put an end to the violence and the persecution of this ethnic  minority. We need to call on Burma's leaders to protect these  minorities, not to assist in the  [[Page S6212]]  persecution. We need to call on the Government of Burma to immediately  give humanitarian groups access to the Rohingya who are trapped in  Burma, in what some have described as concentration camps. We need to  call on Burma's leaders to provide the hundreds of thousands of  Rohingya refugees who have been forced to flee their homes and villages  with a safe and assisted right of return.   In addition, the Burmese Government--the Burmese nation--needs to  figure out how to end the root causes of this conflict--an age-old  ethnic and religious conflict--and find a way to embrace the diversity  within their nation. Certainly, this is not the first time that the  tensions have erupted into violence. It has happened time and time and  time again, but this is the worst we have ever seen.   Kofi Annan, the former U.N. Secretary General, is the current  chairman of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State. He and his team  have called on Burma to take the appropriate actions to end this cycle  of violence, this cycle of radicalization.   The entire Rohingya community is counting on us--the world--to notice  and to act. We must immediately see an end to the violence, full access  for humanitarian organizations, cooperation with and access for the  United Nations fact finding mission, the safe return of refugees, and  the implementation of the full set of recommendations from Kofi Annan's  report.   It is also critical that the United States and the international  community continue to shed light on this horrific problem, provide  sustained aid and support to the refugees in Burma and in Bangladesh,  and take action to show other repressive governments that there will be  consequences for pursuing this type of persecution, starting with a  strong U.N. Security Council resolution.   International action to end this violence, increase humanitarian  assistance, and extend our aid to the Rohingya people is the right  thing to do. I pray that together we will answer that call.   I also thank my colleagues who have already been engaged in this  issue. There are a number of them, but I am particularly aware of  Senator Richard Durbin's, Senator John McCain's, and Senator Ben  Cardin's involvement and leadership.   Let's build on that foundation to have the Senate demonstrate  attention to this issue through letters, and we should also try to  arrange a Senate trip to visit both Burma and Bangladesh in order to  draw additional international attention and build momentum for action.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my science  fellows Michelle Romo and Beth Wester be granted floor privileges today  and for the rest of their fellowship.   