 Mr. President, I am honored to follow that very  eloquent speech by my colleague from Colorado and to be followed on the  floor by our colleague from Massachusetts.   We are here today with stories. Every one of us has a story going  back one  [[Page S474]]  generation, maybe two or three, maybe five or ten, but we all have an  immigrant story. Most of those immigrant stories are about people  coming here to seek hope, opportunity, and, yes, safety; to escape  violence and persecution; to come here for refuge.   I met one of those refugees over this weekend in West Hartford at a  Holocaust remembrance ceremony. Abby Weiner is a Romanian Jew who  survived Auschwitz and Buchenwald but lost his parents there. He was  honored by Voices of Hope at this Holocaust remembrance ceremony at a  synagogue in West Hartford, attended by 500, 700 people. There was a  massive outpouring of support for him and for the values that are  represented by people who come here as immigrants fleeing persecution  and violence, as he did in Nazi Germany. He said: The words came before  the bullets and gas chambers. The words of Nazi Germany came before the  bullets and gas chambers. Words have consequences. Edicts and orders  have consequences.   When I spoke, I told my own story--a proud story of my father, who  also came here from Nazi Germany in 1935. He was 17 years old. He spoke  virtually no English, he had not much more than the shirt on his back,  and he knew almost no one. This great country, the greatest in the  history of the world, gave him a chance to succeed. He was a proud  American. How sad and ashamed he would be today to see actions by the  President of the United States that ban a group coming to this country  based on their religion--a ban that is antithetical to our history, our  values, our Constitution, and the rule of law.   I salute Sally Yates, who has taken a stand based on moral and legal  principle in the highest tradition of the Department of Justice, saying  that these orders cannot be defended and that the rule of law and  morality is more important than the politics of the moment and the  impulsive edicts of a ruler who apparently fails to understand that  law--or, at least his administration does.   It raises the question of whether the next Attorney General--she is  only acting--will have the strength and courage to uphold the rule of  law. Tomorrow, I will vote against our respected and admired colleague,  Jeff Sessions, because I believe that the next Attorney General must be  a champion--a steadfast advocate and protector of the rule of law and  rights and liberties that are overridden and abridged by this order  banning people from Muslim-majority nations, in effect a ban on a  religious group.   We are better than this kind of discriminatory edict. We know it  harms mainly children and families fleeing violence and oppression.  Refugees like those children have helped to shape and build this  Nation. We are stronger because of our diversity. We are a nation of  immigrants. Our strength comes from the talents, energies, strengths,  and vibrancy they bring to this country.   Often, when I am feeling down about our public life, I go to  immigration and naturalization ceremonies. They occur every Friday in  courts around the State of Connecticut. I welcome people who are  becoming citizens, and I say to them: Thank you for becoming a citizen  of the greatest country in the world. You are a source of strength for  us, and you have taken a test that most Americans could not pass.   They laugh because they know it is true. They will never take for  granted what it means to be a citizen of this country. I look at them  in their diversity, and I know that is America. That is our future.   We will be less safe because of this order, which will alienate  allies and deny us sources of intelligence to troops on the ground that  we need to win the war against ISIS, and we must win that war. It will  provide a recruiting tool to ISIS, convincing young people who may be  tempted to join their ranks that, in fact, this country is engaged in a  war against Islam, which is utterly and totally untrue. It will  discourage people from within the United States who are part of the  Muslim community from coming forth when they see threats and could  provide information that would forestall an attack by violent  extremists within our country.   This order makes us less safe, but it weakens us mainly in a deeper  moral sense: It is wrong. It is wrong for this great country, devoted  and founded on the ideals of welcoming people seeking that beacon of  hope and protection and opportunity.   The Statue of Liberty is a symbol, but the ideals and the values are  living. The damage that has been done to them can be repaired. We must  repair it and reverse this order. That is why I have sponsored  legislation that will rescind it, and why I am proud to join my  colleagues today on the floor of the Senate to say: Rip up this order,  Mr. President. With all respect, do the right thing. Be on the right  side of history and the right side of our Constitution. Rip up this  illegal order.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   