 Madam President, will my friend from Oregon yield for a  question?    Madam President, our friend from Oregon is pointing out  that this legislation would impact virtually every American because, in  one way or another, we all interface with the healthcare system.   I would ask my friend to confirm: This legislation would impact what  percentage of the U.S. economy?    One-sixth of the American economy is over $3 trillion  every single year.   Now, when we are dealing with legislation that impacts virtually  every American, over $3 trillion every year, would my friend from  Oregon please tell me this--and I know that he is the ranking member of  the Finance Committee, and I am on the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee: How many hearings have been held in the Finance  Committee to discuss the economic implications of this legislation?  Were there five, ten? How many hearings on this enormously  [[Page S4238]]  complicated and important issue have there been?    No hearings?    There have been no hearings on a bill that impacts one- sixth of the American economy and every single American.   Now, let me ask my friend from Oregon this. Obviously, before my  Republican colleagues would go forward on radical legislation like this  that would throw some 32 million Americans off of the health insurance  they have, they have obviously consulted with doctors and hospitals to  get their views as to the impact this legislation would have on  patients and hospitals all over America.   What kind of testimony did the doctors make on this bill or the  hospital administrators make?    Right, so if my understanding is correct--and I am quite  sure it is--the American Medical Association, which is not one of the  great progressive groups in America but the group that represents the  physicians in this country, A, they have not been able to make  testimony. But, B, what is their view on this legislation? What do the  doctors of America feel about this important legislation?    But we have not heard yet from one doctor making public  testimony at a hearing.    In other words, this bill is not saying to doctors: What  will this mean to your patients? What happens if 32 million people are  thrown off of medication? How many of them will get sick? How many of  them will die?   No testimony.   How about hospitals? What kind of testimony have we heard from  hospital administrators, those in rural America, about the impact of  this legislation on rural hospitals in Vermont and rural hospitals in  Oregon?    Let me ask my friend from Oregon: What kind of testimony  have we heard as to the impact of this legislation on older working  people, in terms of what it might mean in increased premiums? Have we  heard much discussion? Has the AARP, which is strongly opposed to this  legislation, been able to come forward at a public hearing and express  their point of view?    Madam President, would my colleague please repeat that.  I think it is important for older Americans to hear this.   We had a candidate running for President of the United States by the  name of Donald Trump, and he ran all over this country and said he was  going to stand up for working families and he was going to stand up for  the working class of this country.   Please repeat what this legislation would mean if somebody were a 62- year-old worker in Vermont or in Oregon. What kind of premium increases  might he or she see?    Now, while the AARP and other senior groups have not  been able to testify, would my friend from Oregon tell me what their  views are on this particular legislation because of its impact on older  workers and seniors in general?    But it is not only older workers because we have as an  aging population more and more people in nursing homes. Would my friend  from Oregon describe what happens under this legislation if somebody  has a mom or a dad in a nursing home, struggling with Alzheimer's or  some other terrible illness?    I think it is important to repeat that because this is  not something that I think most Americans are aware of. Medicaid now  pays, as I understand it, for two out of three nursing home beds in  this country; is that correct?    And a massive cut in Medicaid would be devastating to  those families who have loved ones in nursing homes?    I have asked my colleague from Oregon a little bit about  some of the cruel and devastating impacts this legislation would have,  but we have to be honest and acknowledge that there are some  beneficiaries in this legislation as well.   Would my friend describe the beneficiaries in the House bill, in  particular? While millions were thrown off of Medicaid, while 23  million people lost their health insurance, some people actually did  gain from this bill, and we have to acknowledge that; is that true?    Correct me if I am wrong, but my recollection is that in  the House bill there were $300 billion in tax breaks going to the top 1  percent at exactly the same time that 23 million Americans were thrown  off of their health insurance; is that correct?    If I could, let me ask my colleagues from Oregon or  Michigan maybe to speculate here.   If the House bill were to be successful--and we are going to do  everything in our ability to make sure it is not successful--and  Medicaid were severely cut back, what do my colleagues think will  eventually happen in the near future--not eventually, but in the short  term, to programs like Medicare and Social Security? Would it be a  reasonable assumption that this is the beginning of the effort on the  part of the Koch brothers and Republicans in the Congress to begin  dismantling virtually every Federal program that helps working people?  Is it not true that the House Budget Committee has already passed  legislation that would move toward voucherizing Medicare and  privatizing it?    I have a meeting that I have to get to. I want to  summarize this. My friends from Oregon and Michigan can correct me if I  am wrong.   We are looking at a bill that came from the House and various  proposals being introduced in the Senate, which essentially says that  we are going to throw over 20 million Americans off of the health  insurance they currently have. What I haven't heard much discussion  about is what happens to someone who today has health insurance and is  struggling with cancer, maybe getting chemotherapy or radiation therapy  right now. What happens to someone who is in treatment for diabetes?  What happens to someone with a serious heart condition, who had a  stroke and is on Medicaid? What happens to those people when their  health insurance is simply cut?    Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending  amendment violates section 313(b)1(A) of the Congressional Budget Act  of 1974.   I am glad that the Senator from Nevada is concerned about Medicaid,  but I would remind the Senate that yesterday the vast majority of  Republicans voted to throw 15 million people off of Medicaid on their  way to end health insurance for 22 million Americans.   Our job as a nation is to guarantee healthcare to every man, woman,  and child and join the rest of the industrialized world, not throw  disabled children off of the healthcare they currently have.   I urge a ``no'' vote.   Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment  violates section 313(b)1(A) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.   