 Mr. Speaker, let's be honest, guys: leveling the playing  field, capital formation. Come on.   All this rule was written for is to expose bribery. There is no line  in any corporate report that says: paid for bribery. It comes up as  royalty fees. It comes up as gifts. It is bribery, pure and simple.   Every company in a foreign country is subject to it, especially a  Third World country, especially when it comes to natural resources, and  we all know it.   If you think this rule is overbroad, yet you are still truly appalled  by bribery and the results of it, submit some other option for us to do  it. That is all this rule was ever meant to do.   Give us an alternative, as opposed to simply repeal this. It is just  like health care; you complain, complain, complain, but no alternative.   Honestly, if you put forth a proposal that says the Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act is now legal, it is okay to have bribery, but you have to  report it, people like me might be open to it. I understand.    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I respectfully  disagree. This, for all intents and purposes, prohibits them from doing  it, number one.   Number two, you have an obligation. You have an obligation, if you  don't like what exists, to propose an alternative. That is the way the  world should work.   Every time we don't like something, we offer an alternative. You  don't have to like the alternative, but there is an alternative  offered.   MR. HUIZENGA. Will the gentleman yield?    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I respect the  gentleman's intentions on this. I understand the concept of a level  playing field. If the Chinese are bribing a Third World country, we  should be able to compete with them. If that is the case, make our  companies allowed to bribe them, as long as we know what is going on.  Now, I don't know how you are going to write that law, but I am happy  to work with you any time you want.   Here is the problem: bribery is insidious. It is secretive. It can't  be found.   Now, I am a Catholic. I probably am not the best Catholic in the  country. I think we could probably all agree to that.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1  minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, the basic tenets are pretty clear. Here is  what they write, one line from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops:  `` . . . where governance is weak and corruption is rampant extractive,  industry revenue that is not transparent becomes a curse that deepens  poverty, destroys democratic institutions, defrauds elections and  allows autocratic leaders to remain in power against the will of the  people.''   If you really believe that people around this world should benefit by  true and open democracy, you have to provide them the opportunities to  do that. I happen to agree with the bishops.   If you want to allow our companies to bribe foreign governments, say  it. I don't like it, but it is a reality of the world. They have been  doing it for generations.   That is all this attempt was. And to simply repeal it says: It is  open business day, guys. Go in, pass the cash around, stick it to the  regular people, and don't tell them about it.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   