 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is so obvious to all as we have looked in horror on  our television screens to see the devastation of Harvey, Irma, and  Maria. There have been lots of tragic stories, harrowing tales of  survival.   I have been to Houston. I have met with a number of the victims. Mr.  Speaker, let me tell you about one tragic story. One tragic story is  that there are people who are living in homes that repeatedly flood  five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, even twenty times.   Something is fundamentally wrong in America and something is  fundamentally dangerous in America when people are living in harm's  way. Many of these people are ready to move.   Mr. Speaker, last week I made a comment about these repeatedly  flooded properties that was clearly inartful. It was not meant to be  taken literally, but it was. I regret the comment because it diverted  from a very important point that needs to be made, and the point is  this: if we care about our fellow citizens, if we wish to be  compassionate, then Federal aid and Federal policy will help move these  people to safer ground.   It is time to either help mitigate these homes or to help move these  homes. For this small set of properties, we must help. Otherwise, I  fear that the fatalities and the economic carnage will continue.   If we simply rebuild the same properties in the same manner, in the  same place, and expect a different result, we are not helping our  fellow citizens, we are not helping our first responders, and we are  certainly not helping the taxpayer.   Mr. Speaker, another tragedy of these storms is how many people  needed flood insurance but didn't have it. Many of them had no idea  that they actually needed it. In Houston, by some reports, 80 percent  of the damaged homes didn't have flood insurance.   Why?   One of the reasons, Mr. Speaker, is because we have a government  monopoly in flood insurance. Many people don't understand that flood is  not included in their typical homeowner's insurance policy. Many  people, unfortunately, took false security from living outside the  government-designated 100-year flood plain. Many have seen no options.   But help is on the way. Bipartisan help is on the way with the Flood  Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act, known as the Ross-Castor  bill. It is a critical piece of legislation to give more people more  affordable options for flood insurance.   In the small part of the national market where we have competition,  particularly in Pennsylvania and in Florida, people are saving hundreds  of dollars, if not thousands of dollars, in many cases on their  flood insurance premiums.    The very respected firm of Millman, which studies insurance matters,  said that half of policy owners in Florida, two-thirds in Louisiana,  and 75 percent in Texas--my native State--could all save with private  flood insurance.   Think about it, Mr. Speaker. If we had a real competitive market with  multiple companies advertising and selling multiple policies, more  people would become educated about the need for flood insurance and  have that rolled into their normal homeowner's policy. This is vital.   Mr. Speaker, last year this bill passed this House 419-0. You can't  get any more bipartisan. It recently passed the Financial Services  Committee 58-0.   If there is one thing that we need to do--and it is urgent that we do  it now, with the National Flood Insurance Program, which is in debt,  facing another bailout and an uncertain future, which we must remedy-- as folks begin to rebuild, let's get them more affordable flood  insurance policies.   I appreciate the bill included in this package, and for the sake of  all the victims of the hurricanes, I urge its adoption.   