 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me. I want to thank the gentleman for his work as chairman of the  Foreign Affairs Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I stand on this floor thinking of the world and  America's place in it. What I desire most is peace. America has no  desire to fight those who do not harm us. I would gladly support any  international agreement that I thought would bring us to an honorable  and enduring peace.   But peace is not based on hope; it is not based on good intentions;  and it is not based on pieces of paper signed at well-planned  ceremonies. Peace is based on strength. America and our allies will  only be at peace if those who hate us fear us. This is where our  credibility matters.   When an American President agrees to a deal that is so obviously  unequal and untenable, everyone stops fearing us. They start to think  they can push us around.   Let me be clear. They may start to push, but no one can knock us  down. America will win any fight. Our enemies should know that. But,  frankly, I want our enemies to be so afraid of us they don't even want  to fight. That saves everyone a great deal of trouble.   When I look back to our nuclear deal with North Korea and our deal  with Iran, they aren't just flawed; they are dangerous. The displays of  weakness have consequences beyond nuclear weapons.   Our North Korea deal has failed. The Kim regime will soon have  nuclear warheads on intercontinental ballistic missiles. These warheads  will be capable of hitting our homeland. In the meantime, they have  reportedly fired missiles over our allies South Korea and Japan and,  almost daily, threatened war.   The deal with Iran is on a path to failure, designed in such a way  that, even if it were followed, a regime that chants ``death to  America''--let me say that again, a regime that chants ``death to  America''--could have nuclear weapons the day after the deal expires.   Even ignoring the deal, Iran continues to destabilize the region for  its own goal, funding terrorism abroad and fueling violence between  Shia and Sunni Muslims that is tearing the Middle East apart.   The spread of nuclear weapons is a danger in and of itself. I do not  need to explain why enemies of the United States should be stopped from  gaining the power to level American cities, but the evil is made worse  when our enemies, with any weapons, think they can push America and our  allies around.   America will not be weak any longer. Today's sanction on Iran  undermines its ballistic missile program and the terrorist warriors of  Hezbollah whose pockets are filled with Iranian money,  [[Page H8177]]  just as their hands are covered with American blood. This is an  important part of our Nation's new Iran strategy.   Yesterday, we passed the most far-reaching sanctions we have ever  imposed on North Korea. Those who do business with North Korea support  a regime run on slave labor. They support a regime that deprives its  citizens of every freedom, even the freedom to think, and they support  a regime that tortured and murdered American citizen Otto Warmbier not  because he committed a crime or threatened their government in any way,  but because he was an American. If you do business with such a regime,  there will be severe consequences.   I had the honor of meeting Otto's parents, Cindy and Fred. They told  me about Otto's warmth, his joy, his love of life, and the great hopes  he had. In everything, he stood as a living example of the good in  humanity that the Kim regime seeks to destroy. We renamed that  legislation as the Otto Warmbier North Korea Nuclear Sanctions Act. It  won't bring him back, but it will remind North Korea that evil has  consequences.   Otto's murder was a crime we cannot accept, but it is a crime, I  fear, our enemies would repeat on a much larger scale if we do not  start stopping them now. Let's remind them who they are up against.  America will not fail.   