 Mr. President, I listened with interest to the comments of  the Senator from Pennsylvania, and as always he was articulate and  thoughtful and made a strong case.   I would like to speak to the issue we are going to be addressing over  the next few days, the next few weeks, and probably the next few  months, not necessarily to be unalterably opposed but to talk about how  we can get where we all want to be, which is lower taxes, higher  growth, and a stronger U.S. economy.   I think it is important to emphasize at the beginning, just so we all  know, what we are talking about the next couple days isn't the budget.  As the Senator from Pennsylvania noted, it is really a vehicle for a  massive tax cut.   My problem with the tax cut is not necessarily that we are going to  have  [[Page S6497]]  one, but the question is, How is it structured? Who gets the benefits?  How to pay for it?   As the Senator pointed out, we still don't know what the plan is. We  have an outline; we have principles; we have bullet points; we have  lists, but we don't have a plan. Therefore, it is difficult to analyze.   We do have some particulars that have been released. You don't need  to be an economist to understand that if the rate for the lowest  taxpayers is being increased and the rate for the highest taxpayers is  being decreased, that the overall effect will be loaded toward those at  the upper income level.   The only analysis we have from the tax policy foundation, an outside  nonpartisan group, is that under the plan, as it has been described by  the White House and by Members of Congress, about 80 percent of the  benefits of this proposal go to the top 1 percent of wage earners in  this country. Eighty percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent.   It may be that as the details of the plan are more well known and  more thoroughly described, we will find it is slightly different than  that. One of the things that really bothers me about this budget  resolution we are going to be voting on is, it explicitly waives a  longtime budget rule that before you can vote on issues such as this,  there must be a Congressional Budget Office score 28 hours prior to the  vote. It waives that provision. That is not a good sign. That doesn't  reassure me that we are going to have a clear idea of what we are  voting on.   When you combine the cuts proposed to Medicare and Medicaid, which go  into paying for these massive tax cuts, it looks to me like the biggest  losers in this whole process will be seniors.   When you look at what we know about the structure of the tax cuts and  the fact that there is a one-half trillion-dollar cut in Medicare  projected over 10 years and a $1.5 trillion cut in Medicaid, seniors  are going to take the most serious hit. Why do I say that? Well, we all  know Medicare specifically applies to seniors, so that is pretty easy.  If you are cutting Medicare, you are hitting seniors.   Secondly, though, what a lot of people don't realize about Medicaid  is that 70 percent of the nursing home beds in America are paid for by  Medicaid. By definition, who is in those beds? Seniors. When you cut  Medicare and Medicaid, you are going to be impacting seniors.   The provisions of the tax plan, as we know it--and I keep emphasizing  ``as we know it'' because we are voting on something today to clear the  path for a major tax cut, and we don't know what it is, but it appears  it will impact seniors disproportionately.   I want to touch on a couple of other points. One is the argument that  the cuts to Medicaid and Medicare aren't really cuts; they are just  reductions in growth. Well, that argument applies if you are talking  about the NASA budget, for example. If the NASA budget is projected to  grow 5 percent a year, and we cut it to 4 percent a year, that is a  reduction in growth; that we are going to do one less trip into space  or whatever the policy outcome of that cut is.   Medicare and Medicaid are different, however. They have to pay costs  in the real world as they come up when necessary. The increased growth  that is projected in those two programs is based upon two unalterable  facts. One is demographics.   We are getting older, and that means more work, more demands on the  medical system. It also is based on medical inflation, which everyone  knows in recent years has proven to be higher than the ordinary rate of  inflation. This is the best projection we have, but if you project that  the current level of medical costs today, 8 years from now or 10 years  from now are going to cost what they cost today, plus medical  inflation, plus the impact of demographics, people getting older, that  is a real cost. If you cut that, fewer people are going to get  services. Rural hospitals will close. There will be undeniable impacts  on both the economy of our rural regions of the country and real  people.   This argument that cuts to Medicare and Medicaid are just a cut in  growth--it is not really a cut--is just not true. That may be true in  some areas, but it is not true here because these are real costs that  are going to be incurred. If the costs go up and fewer dollars are  there to meet them, somebody is going to get hurt. These are real cuts  to real people.   The other thing I want to touch on is the deficit and debt. I have to  say, I am sort of puzzled by this whole process because as I have been  here over the past 5 years and as I have lived my life over the past 25  years, the majority party in the Senate has been focused on the debt  and on the deficit and the dangers of the debt to our country, to our  economy, and how bad it was that we were mortgaging our children's  future, and all of a sudden it is no big deal. All of a sudden it is OK  to knowingly, consciously, deliberately talk about a $1.5 trillion  increase in the debt over the next 10 years. That assumes, by the way,  that the cuts to Medicare and Medicaid take place and that other cuts  that are in the budget, exemptions and deductions, take place. It could  be that the effect on the debt and the deficit will be much greater.   I remember 2 or 3 years ago, when we were in a recession and people  were trying to get jobs and we had millions of people unemployed, there  was a motion to extend unemployment benefits for 6 months. I can't  remember the cost. I think it was $5 or $6 billion. Oh, no, point of  order. We can't do that. It will increase the deficit. We are talking  about $1.5 trillion that we know of, but that is OK. That is OK.   I think we need to understand this. What this really is, if we pass  unfunded tax cuts, they aren't really tax cuts. They are simply a  deferral of the tax from us to our kids. We don't have to pay the tax,  but the money to be spent is still going to be spent, so the hole gets  deeper. We borrow that money, and our kids and our grandchildren are  going to have to pay it back with interest. That is called shift and  shaft. That is not a tax cut. We are just shifting the tax and shafting  our kids. It is as if on your deathbed you call your children over and  say: I have some final words for you. The kid leans over, and you say:  Here is my credit card bill. I had a wonderful trip to Acapulco. I hope  you don't mind paying for it. That is what we are doing. We are  indulging ourselves and stealing from the next generation because we  are not willing to pay the costs of the programs we all support and  think are important.   I think there is another fact that needs to be realized. As we build  up this deficit and debt, eventually the bill is going to come due, and  because we have used up all of our resources, the only place to go to  cut them is going to be Social Security and Medicare because the  discretionary budget is essentially going to be all gone.   It is really simple to make the interest rate calculation. We now owe  $20 trillion. Seventy-seven percent of our annual GDP we owe. The  interest rate calculation is simple: 1 percent, $200 billion a year.   I think it is more a question of when than if. When interest rates  return to a more normal level of 5 percent, that is $1 trillion a year  in interest, just interest. That happens to be very close to the entire  discretionary budget of the U.S. Government--$1.1 trillion--this year,  defense and nondefense. We will be paying almost as much in interest as  the entire discretionary budget. How are we going to manage that  situation? The only way it can be managed is to start talking about  Social Security and Medicare.    So this is a long-distance, slow-motion diminution of the value of  those programs that are so important to so many Americans, particularly  senior Americans.   The final point I wish to touch on relates to the Senator from  Pennsylvania basically predicting: Don't worry, these tax cuts will pay  for themselves. I have been hearing that all my adult life; I have  never seen it work. It didn't work in the middle of the last decade  during the Bush tax cuts. All those tax cuts were going to pay for  themselves: Don't worry, the stimulus of economic growth will be such  that there will be more income, more revenues, and we will, in fact, as  the Senator said, reduce the deficit.   The problem is there is no evidence that it has ever worked in the  history of mankind. The best economic research I have seen says that  maybe the economic growth will offset about 20 percent of the cost of  the tax cuts, but 80 percent is going to go straight to the debt. So to  make the assumption that  [[Page S6498]]  somehow this is all going to pay for itself, I believe, is  irresponsible.   I have a modest suggestion for those who are making that argument.  Will my colleagues accept a friendly amendment which says that if the  growth does not occur, then the taxes--or certain taxes--are  automatically retriggered in order to fill the gap? If my colleagues  are right, that will never need to happen, but if you are not right,  that will protect our kids. I think that is a reasonable solution. I  don't think it is going to happen. Why? Because it hasn't happened. It  hasn't happened in Kansas. It hasn't happened here. I have never seen  it happen.   I have looked at the economic research and, as near as I can tell,  there is no data that indicates an automatic correlation between tax  cuts and economic growth. I suspect there are tax cuts that can  stimulate economic growth; it depends on where they are and what they  are. But there is no evidence that is the case regarding tax cuts in  general.   So those of our membership who believe this rosy scenario--the  temptress, rosy scenario--is going to occur, fine. But if it doesn't,  let's put language in the whole tax program which says that insofar as  the growth does not occur as projected, the deficit will be maintained  at no worse than current levels by automatically triggering tax  increases to fill the gap. Then we are being honest. Then we are being  honest to the next generation.   I believe there are important areas where tax cuts are necessary in  order to make us more competitive, in order to help to grow our  economy. However, I don't think what I have heard so far is the answer,  and there are many problems with what has been described. I am willing  to hold my fire and see what the Finance Committee comes up with and  see whether, as the Senator from Pennsylvania said, it will be an open  and bipartisan process, with amendments. If that is the case, we, I  think, could come up with, on a bipartisan basis, a reasonable tax  change--tax cuts, tax reform--that will strengthen our economy without  adding to the deficit and without requiring massive cuts to programs  such as Medicaid and Medicare that are so important to millions of  Americans. It can be done right.   In 1986, it was done right. That was true tax reform. That was the  last time we did tax reform. And I think it is very interesting that  over the last several months, the language that describes what we are  about to do has migrated from ``tax reform'' to ``tax cuts.'' Tax  reform means you change the Tax Code, get rid of the inefficiencies,  simplify it, take away some exemptions and deductions, lower rates, but  we end up revenue neutral and we have a stronger economic base from  which to proceed. Tax cuts simply add to the deficit or are based upon  unrealistic and, indeed, cruel cuts to people in the future.   I think we have an opportunity to do this right. I think there is  more consensus here than perhaps people realize on the question of  doing tax reform in a way that will benefit the entire country. I don't  think the Members on this side of the aisle are categorically opposed  to tax cuts under any circumstances.   When I was the Governor of Maine, we cut taxes--I can't remember, 10  or 15 times--overall by about 15 percent. We cut the income tax. We cut  the sales tax. We cut the property tax. So it can be done. That was  done on a bipartisan basis with a legislature that went back and forth  between Republican and Democratic control. They had this sort of  strange Independent Governor, but we made it work. It can be done, and  it can be done on a bipartisan basis.   It certainly looks as though this is about to be railroaded. It is  about to be shoved down our throats without adequate analysis and  without fully understanding it. I deeply hope that is not the case. I  hope we learned something from healthcare, that we can do good things  when we work together. When we don't, it rarely ends well.   So I understand that the votes are probably there to pass this  budget, but the real question will come: What happens next? What does  the plan look like? How responsible is it? What kind of assumptions is  it based on? What kind of analysis do the Joint Taxation Committee and  the Congressional Budget Office provide us on a nonpartisan basis as to  what it will really do? Then we can have a real debate. Then we can  talk about what is best for America. I think, between the group of us  who work here and down the hall, we can find a good solution. But if  the solution is thrust upon us, if it is ill-conceived, if it is skewed  toward the wealthy, if it balances the budget on the backs of seniors,  on Medicare, and Medicaid recipients, if it is based upon unrealistic  assumptions about growth, then we are going to harm our country, not  help it.   Eventually, if we keep going down the road we are traveling in terms  of the national debt, the piper will have to be paid. It may not have  to be paid by our generation, but it is going to have to be paid by  these young people and by their peers all across America. I don't think  that is right. That is not the legacy I came here to leave to my  children and grandchildren.   Thank you, Mr. President. I look forward to working with my  colleagues to find a path forward that is responsible and responsive to  the needs of the American people.   I yield the floor.   