 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a special welcome to the President  of the United States as he visits my home State of Missouri, which has  a great need for brownfield remediation.   I understand that President Trump's visit will focus on the  indefensible, reckless Republican tax scam that will raise taxes on  millions of middle class families. It will rob seniors, punish  students, weaken higher education, strip healthcare coverage away from  13 million Americans, and explode the debt by charging an additional  $1.4 trillion on the national credit card.   Mr. Speaker, the majority likes to talk about family values, and  there is no doubt that extremely wealthy families, like President  Trump's, will reap millions from your GOP tax scam.   But what about real Americans who will pay more and get less?   I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to raise taxes  on over 320,000 middle class families in Missouri. I would like  President Trump to show me why he wants to bury 255,000 Missouri  students, who hold student loans, even deeper in debt by eliminating  the deduction for student loan interest. I would like President Trump  to show me why he wants to harm 165,000 seriously ill Missouri  taxpayers, who will no longer be able to deduct medical expenses. And I  would like him to show me why, when asked about the State level impact  of the  [[Page H9484]]  Trump-GOP tax scam, even the Republican chairman of the Missouri House  Budget Committee, State Representative Scott Fitzpatrick of Shell Knob,  told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch on November 9: ``We cannot have a  billion-dollar hole blown in the budget. We cannot afford that.''    I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to impose double  taxation on every Missouri taxpayer, who will no longer be able to  deduct State and local income taxes.   And I would like him to show me why he wants to weaken Medicare by  robbing it of over $25 billion over the next 10 years to help pay for  tax cuts for billionaires.   And, finally, I would like President Trump to show me how he intends  to ever look middle class families in the face again when he promised  to lower taxes for every American.    Instead, this shameful GOP tax scam will ensure that the  haves will have more, and everyone else will pay for it.   