 Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about a  troubling issue for our Navy, our national defense, and a problem that  should be of concern to Members of this body. Our Navy pilot training  installations, including Naval Air Station Meridian in my home State of  Mississippi, produce some of the finest pilots on the planet. They  trained on the T-45 Goshawk.   On Friday, March 31, a significant number of T-45 instructor pilots  at NAS Meridian, NAS Kingsville in Texas, and NAS Pensacola in Florida  decided not to fly because of safety concerns. As you can imagine, this  was an almost unprecedented act and brought considerable attention to a  problem plaguing the Navy's tactical fighter community: a dramatic and  sustained increase in so-called physiological episodes, or PE events,  across the FA-18 Hornet, the EA-18 Growler, and the training jet T-45  Goshawk fleets.   Physiological episodes occur when air crew experience diminished  inflight performance related to loss or contamination of oxygen,  depressurization in the cockpit, or other factors. There are some  technical terms I am going to mention to my colleagues. Hypoxic hypoxia  occurs when pilots are getting insufficient oxygen. A more serious  phenomenon called histotoxic hypoxia occurs when they are breathing  contaminated oxygen, and of course depressurization occurs when the  cabin pressure drops.   I have been assured that solving this physiological episode problem  is now naval aviation's No. 1 one safety priority. As chairman of the  Armed Services Committee's Seapower Subcommittee, I intend to continue  the committee's oversight on this issue and, if necessary, include  provisions in the upcoming Defense authorization bill to help. I  applaud the work of our full committee chairman, Senator McCain, on his  efforts so far. In fact, Senator McCain knows NAS Meridian very well,  having served there as an instructor pilot. The airfield named ``McCain  Field'' is in honor of Senator McCain's grandfather, ADM John McCain.   The Navy has told Congress and the American people repeatedly that  its effort to mitigate and solve the problems of these PE events,  including histotoxic hypoxia, are ``resource unconstrained.'' In other  words, the Navy has told us that money is no object in solving this  problem, time is no object, and personnel is no object. As chairman of  the Seapower Subcommittee, I intend to put that claim to test.   I would like to update my colleagues on the situation--my factfinding  trip to Meridian, the state of play, and the plan going forward.   Beginning around 2010, a significant increase in reported PE events  occurred, which led to the establishment of a Physiological Episode  Team to identify root causes, develop mitigation efforts and solutions.  This team mainly addressed the less serious problem of hypoxic hypoxia,  but in recent months, there has been an alarming uptick in histotoxic  hypoxia, a relatively new phenomenon involving contaminated oxygen in  the cockpit. This has presented new challenges. The Navy has not  identified a root cause for either type of hypoxia but has taken steps  to mitigate effects through new maintenance rules, equipment changes  and redesigns, and by adding data collection tools. However, there is  currently not adequate mitigation for the more serious type of hypoxia,  which has led to this halt in training.   As a search for the root causes continues, data collection is worth  stressing. These aircraft do not have automatic sensors. In effect, the  pilot is the sensor. Maximizing data collection on every training  flight is critical. The collection of more data can help in the  analytical effort, which will get us closer to finding the root cause.  After the instructor pilots' boycott--which I stress they had every  right to do--the Navy issued a safety standdown and stopped all  training flights for a period of days. This tactical pause allowed the  Navy to send senior leadership to visit the training installations and  hear directly from the instructor pilots and students. I respect the  considered decisions of both of these groups, the instructor pilots who  continued to fly and the ones who engaged in the boycott.   After meeting with Pentagon experts on this matter, I then made a  factfinding trip to NAS Meridian on April 8. I met with VADM Mike  Shoemaker, the commander of Naval Air Forces. Admiral Shoemaker is the  air boss who commands operational naval aviation forces. I also met  with RADM Dell Bull, who is the chief of Naval Air Training, and I met  with NAS Meridian's excellent installation leadership. Perhaps most  important, I convened two focus groups: one group of instructor pilots  who chose to fly and another group who chose not to fly. Both groups  agree that a serious communication problem existed. The meetings with  pilots demonstrated that some in the Navy hierarchy did not fully  appreciate that this histotoxic hypoxia, contaminated oxygen, was a new  and different phenomenon. In addition, the efforts of the Navy  leadership were not being communicated effectively to the instructors  and the students. In other words, the message was not getting down to  the flight line, and the people on the flight line did not feel the  message was getting back up to the hierarchy. Many felt their concerns  were being ignored. The lack of action on the relatively new emergence  of histotoxic hypoxia in the Goshawk only exacerbated the feeling among  some that the Navy's actions were not matching its rhetoric.   Following my visit on April 8, the Navy took the important step of  establishing a Physiological Episode Team for the T-45 alone. This is  an important action which should bring more focused attention to the  Goshawk community. The Navy ended the safety standdown on April 14 and  resumed flying the next week under restricted conditions, such as  flying at lower maximum altitudes and pulling fewer Gs. Of course, this  is not the optimal way of training.   Then, following a subsequent PE incident in Kingsville and feedback  from instructor pilots on the mitigation plan, the Navy has chosen to  restrict training flights even further. This is a problem. The Navy  tells us the current practice would allow a student to complete only  about 20 to 25 percent of the curriculum. That is the status today. The  Navy is already short on pilots, and continuing the status quo could  further constrict the pilot production pipeline.   Where do we go from here? The Navy has brought three T-45s that have  experienced physiological episodes to  [[Page S2598]]  Naval Air Station Patuxent River, MD, for extensive engineering  investigation and analysis. They are taking the airplanes apart at Pax  River. I applaud this action. Initial results of the testing should be  available next week with more information to follow as the data is  processed. At the same time, engineers have teamed up with pilots from  both the test community and the training command, including at least  one Meridian instructor pilot. They are investigating possible  mitigations, such as alterations to pilot masks. This will allow our  instructors and student pilots to get back to what they want to do  most; that is, to fly and train new pilots to fly.   In addition, on April 21, Vice Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral  Moran, directed Admiral Scott Swift, commander of the U.S. Pacific  Fleet, to lead a month-long review of the facts, circumstances, and  processes surrounding the recent episodes and how the Navy has  addressed them. The Swift review will evaluate the Navy's  organizational structures and processes and make recommendations for  additional action.   These efforts are desperately needed. Still, we have no real  diagnosis. Still, we have no real solution in the works. Senators  should know this: As of 3 weeks ago, problems with histotoxic hypoxia  at our naval training bases have earned the full attention of the top  leadership in the Navy. These problems also have the full attention and  oversight of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Seapower  Subcommittee.   I look forward to continued interaction with the Navy leadership on  this very important issue.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   