 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, for the last few months, I have been  coming down to the floor to recognize someone in my State who, through  acts both small and large, has made the State better for all of us. I  call this person our Alaskan of the Week. What I am going to do is I am  going to talk a little bit about baseball as part of the Alaskan of the  Week.   We saw how important baseball is with regard to a sport that can  bring Americans together. Just last week, I think people all across the  country--certainly in DC and certainly here in the Senate--saw how  important that is.   We had that great game--Democrats and Republicans last week coming  together. I am a little biased here about the Republican team, with  Senator Flake and Senator Paul. We didn't win, but it was a good game.  I know we are all still praying for those injured last week,  Congressman Scalise and others, but it is important to see how that  great American pastime brings us together as a Nation.   There are many great things about my wonderful State. But in Alaska,  baseball also brings us together. So I would like to recognize today  one of the many people throughout the State who keeps the special  institution of baseball alive in Alaska. This gentleman's name is Lee  Jordan. He is from Eagle River.   Now, I would venture to guess that most people, when they think of  Alaska, think about our spectacular mountains and glaciers. They might  think about fishing, our delicious salmon, thousands of miles of State  and Federal parks, and our vast wilderness. But baseball probably isn't  the first thing that comes to many people's mind when they think about  Alaska.   Actually, those who follow baseball understand how important Alaska  summers are to taking young college students with raw talent and  growing them under the midnight Sun into seasoned, professional  baseball players. This is the Alaska Baseball League, and it is one of  the premier baseball leagues in the summer in the United States.   Let me give you a few names of those who have come up through the  Alaska Baseball League. It has produced some of the most important  Major League stars, including Mark McGwire, Barry Bonds, Tom Seaver,  Dave Winfield, and Randy Johnson, just to name a few. I think those are  all hall of famers.   Alaska's six-team league includes two teams in Anchorage, one in  Fairbanks, one in Palmer, one in Kenai, and--thanks to the unrelenting  enthusiasm of Lee Jordan--one in Chugiak-Eagle River, AK, a picturesque  area about 20 minutes from Anchorage, nestled in the Chugiak Mountains.  It is part of Anchorage, but it is also very much its own place, with a  sense of pride and people who live there like Lee.   Let me tell you a little bit about Lee Jordan. He was originally from  Alabama, where football, not baseball, was king. When he enlisted in  the Army in 1947, his choice of overseas assignments was, according to  him, ``anything but Alaska''--``anyplace but Alaska.'' But he got  Alaska, and he stayed and he loved it, and he settled in Chugiak-Eagle  River.   Before long, he owned the local newspaper, the Alaska Star--now the  Chugiak-Eagle River Star--and he was coaching his son's Little League  baseball team. When they got too old for Little League, he began to  form new leagues for them to play in, which his boys did. Eventually,  his sons got too old for all the leagues, but Lee kept up the love of  the game.   Then he and former State Senator Bill Stoltze, a good friend of mine  and another huge booster of baseball in Alaska, hatched a plan to get a  team to their area as part of the Alaska Baseball League. So the first  Chugiak-Eagle River-Chinook game was in 2011, and it is now called the  Lee Jordan Field and the Loretta French Sports Complex, and they have  been going strong ever since.   This is such a beautiful place. Right now in Alaska every year, we  have a midnight Sun baseball game in Fairbanks played on June 21, the  summer solstice, the longest day of the year. That game begins at 10:30  p.m. and goes until the wee hours of the morning under a never-setting  midnight Sun.   But there are few more beautiful places in the world than Chugiak- Eagle River. Lee Jordan thinks the ballpark is the most beautiful  ballpark anywhere, and I can't disagree.   As I have mentioned many times on the floor, it is all about  communities. It is all about communities coming together, and Lee has  made that happen for Alaskans and baseball lovers, not only in our  great State but throughout the country. For that reason, he is our  Alaskan of the Week.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader.   