 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Mr.  Patrick Shanahan to serve as the 33rd Deputy Secretary of Defense. The  Senate Armed Services Committee held a hearing on his nomination on  June 20, and he was voted out of committee by voice vote.   Mr. Shanahan was born and raised in the State of Washington. He  received his undergraduate degree from the University of Washington and  then a master's degree and MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of  Technology. Mr. Shanahan then embarked on a 30-year career at the  Boeing Company, where he rose to the most senior echelons of  management, working on both the company's defense and commercial  programs. Most recently, Mr. Shanahan served as the senior vice  president for supply chain & operations.   The Deputy Secretary of Defense is one of the most important  positions within the entire national security system. The Deputy serves  as the number 2 official at the Department of Defense, as well as the  Department's Chief Management Officer. As the second in command to the  Secretary of Defense, the Deputy oftentimes is assigned a broad  spectrum of responsibilities which require strong management skills.   The Department currently faces challenges on multiple fronts. For  more than 16 years, our military has been consumed by two prolonged  wars against violent extremist groups like ISIS. As a result, the  military has faced a generational fight which has sapped readiness and  precluded our military personnel from training for full spectrum  operations. However, violent extremist groups are only one of the many  challenges facing our country.   The past several years have seen the rise of near-peer competitors,  most notably Russia and China. Russia has been a resurgent force bent  on disrupting Europe and undercutting our own Nation and our  Presidential election process. China continues its saber-rattling in  the Asia-Pacific region by undermining the freedom of navigation and  using economic coercion of its smaller, more vulnerable neighbors. When  we factor in the destabilizing actions of North Korea and the long  shadow of Iran, it becomes urgently clear that we need strong  leadership at the Department of Defense. If Mr. Shanahan is confirmed,  he will need to contend with all these challenges. It will not be easy  and hard decisions on policy and strategy will need to be made.   Perhaps one of the hardest decisions facing the Deputy Secretary of  Defense is the allocation of budget resources within the Department. In  an ideal world, a cogent defense strategy that takes into consideration  the multitude of concerns facing our Nation would inform how the  Department invests resources in weapons platforms and advanced  technologies to confront these challenges. However, the reality is that  the spending caps imposed by the Budget Control Act determine the level  of funding for most of these budget decisions.   The current budgetary crisis is compounded by the fact that the  President's most recent budget request adds much needed funding to  defense activities, but it shortchanges nondefense spending accounts in  order to increase spending for our military. Furthermore, the budget  request fails to recognize that the BCA budget caps are law. If these  spending levels are enacted, the President's budget request would  trigger sequestration, effectively wiping out increased defense  spending with mandatory across-the-board cuts.   This would be the worst of all worlds. Not only would we be giving  the money on the one hand and taking it back with the other hand, but  it would not be in any systematic way. We would be making cuts to  readiness. We would be making cuts to personnel. We would make cuts to  all sorts of things which are much more valuable than some programs  which would receive an additional cut.   Unless we resolve ourselves to act--which is going to take a  bipartisan effort to repeal the BCA--we can't effectively fund not only  the Department of Defense but every other Federal department. That is  one of the great challenges Mr. Shanahan will face. Indeed, these  multiple challenges will require strong leadership and the ability to  make tough decisions. Mr. Shanahan has developed a strong reputation  during his tenure at Boeing as someone capable of taking on challenging  programs, fixing problems, and turning them into successes.    When I met with Mr. Shanahan to discuss his nomination, he emphasized  that the public sector needed to work closer with the private sector to  get more cost-effective results while ensuring our warfighters have the  best equipment at their disposal. It is that kind of leadership that  the Department of Defense needs as our Nation faces as diverse an array  of threats and challenges to our national security as at any point in  our history.   Based on Mr. Shanahan's qualifications and experience, as well as his  testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, I believe he is  fully qualified for the job. Therefore, I will vote in favor of his  nomination to be the next Deputy Secretary of Defense, and I trust he  will do his best to lead the men and women who ably and courageously  serve this Nation.   On a final note, if confirmed, Mr. Shanahan will be relieving Bob  Work, who has served this Nation ably and selflessly for most of his  life. Bob Work served in the U.S. Marine Corps for 27 years, rising to  the rank of colonel. In 2009, he was confirmed as Undersecretary of the  Navy, where he shepherded the service through many challenges for the  next 4 years.   He tried to return to the private sector, but in 2014 he was then  nominated and confirmed as Deputy Secretary of Defense. Bob Work was  the continuity in the Defense Department through three Secretaries of  Defense. He stayed more than 6 months into the new administration in  order to aid Secretary Mattis. There is no task, no matter how  difficult or how big or small, that Bob Work would not devote all of  his energy to until it was resolved. Bob Work personifies his name. He  works, tirelessly. Our Nation owes him a great debt of gratitude, and I  hope he takes some well-deserved vacation time and enjoys the company  of his wife and daughter.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   