 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this pernicious  antilabor amendment that would do nothing but make it easier for U.S.- owned but foreign-flagged cruise ship operators to exploit and abuse  the seafarers they employ.   The right for seafarers to seek maintenance and cure for injuries,  illness, and damages at sea has been a part of U.S. maritime law for as  long as U.S. ships have flown the flag on the high seas.   The effect of this amendment is clear: it would restrict foreign  seafarers employed on foreign-flagged cruise ships from filing claims  for damages or expenses related to personal injury, illness, or even  death, in a U.S. court.   This provision is completely contrary to a general maritime law  principle that has been around since at least the 12th century, a  principle that has remained applicable because of the international  nature of shipping and the plain fact that, even today, ship operators  maintain considerable leverage over individual seafarers.   This provision also violates an international convention that the  U.S. has ratified. Under the Shipowners' Liability Convention, national  laws or regulations have to be interpreted and enforced to ensure  equality of treatment to all seafarers, irrespective of nationality,  domicile, or race. This amendment would shred that international  obligation.   It is also contrary to the principles and terms defining seafarers'  rights under the International Maritime Labor Convention.   It is also worth mentioning that the amendment before us may be  unnecessary because, in many cases, seafarer contracts contain binding  arbitration clauses.   In any event, it makes no sense to deny access to U.S. courts for  foreign  [[Page H5839]]  seafarers seeking compassion for maintenance and cure claims. The  cruise lines can easily avoid frivolous lawsuits. All they need do is  honor their longstanding customary responsibility to pay for the care  and recovery of the seafarers they employ when they are ill or injured.   In closing, no one has provided any evidence--much less, compelling  evidence--to justify the reversal of longstanding seafarer protections.  In the absence of evidence, the House should reject this unwarranted  amendment.   This vote is purely to injure seafarers, purely to disobey maritime  conventions to which we are a party, purely to disobey laws of the sea  from the 12th century that we have obeyed since we obtained our  independence from England, for no purpose other than to help often  American-owned--not always--but foreign-flagged cruise ship lines.   There is no purpose for this amendment. The House should reject this  amendment as it has in the past.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, it sounds nice to say they can go home to their country  from which they came, where presumably the foreign-flagged ship  operates, but that is not the case. These are often American-owned  ships or European-owned ships, and they are flagged in a country of  convenience--Liberia, Panama, or wherever--where the worker may have no  connection whatsoever, where the ship, for that matter, has no real  connection other than flying the flag of convenience, and where there  may not be a very decent court system.   That is why the practice has been, since before our independence--it  has worked well the entire history of our country--that a foreign  citizen working on a ship that calls in the United States, if denied  the maintenance and cure that the ship is supposed to take care of  someone on the high seas, then they can sue in an American court. We  have always done this. There has been no showing of hardship  whatsoever.   Yes, some rich cruise line operators would like, perhaps, to get rid  of this obligation, but that is no excuse. This is an antilabor, an  antihuman amendment. It ought to be defeated.   Mr. Chairman, I urge its defeat, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   