 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Maryland for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in proud support, and I join my colleague,  Congressman Lewis, in supporting H.R. 267 and its efforts to  redesignate the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site as the  Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.   For decades, large numbers of people have descended on this site to  see the birthplace where the dreamer was moved by destiny into  leadership of the modern civil rights movement. The site as it stands  now, which also contains the historic Ebenezer Baptist Church, has  faced hardships over the years leading to budget cutbacks and a  decrease in staff.   H.R. 267 would increase funding that would help preserve this  American landmark and increase the size of the park so that future  generations can continue to visit and enjoy.   Just like Dr. King never led a march without a plan, we shouldn't  leave this critical piece of the civil rights movement without a plan  for its future. We should continue to work to preserve the place where  Dr. King was born, lived, worked, worshipped, and where he is buried.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 267, the Martin Luther  King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2017.   The time has come to update the historic sites and monuments at the  Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site. This common sense  legislation seeks to end the current restrictions that prevent the site  from adopting the proposed ``Martin Luther King, Jr. National  Historical Park Proposed Boundary Revision'' and reclassifying the  landmark more appropriately as a ``National Park.''   Originally, this site established in 1980, encompassed the portions  of Auburn Avenue in Atlanta, Georgia, the house in which Dr. Martin  Luther King, Jr. was born, and the Ebenezer Baptist Church where Dr.  King's family prayed. Public Law 96-428 memorialized these buildings  with the intent to ``protect and interpret for the benefit, inspiration  and education of present and future generations the places where Martin  Luther King, Jr. was born, where he lived, worked, and worshipped, and  where he is buried.''   Unfortunately, the MLK National Historic Site remains classified as a  ``National Site.'' The National Park Service defines areas with similar  geography and size as national parks. The title ``National Site'' no  longer fits with the current structure of this historic landmark. The  current boundaries of site limit the National Park Service's ability to  conserve important landmarks in Atlanta. The provisions outlined in  this bill will allow the site to expand and in turn preserve the  history of Dr. King's life for thousands of Americans to personally  experience and ensure our nation never forgets his dream. An extension  of the current boundaries of the site would help greater serve the  mission of the site.   Dr. King altered the course of American history. Our nation's  citizens owe a debt to the sacrifices and tireless crusade led by this  great man. Dr. King encouraged love and empathy for in the hearts of  countless Americans. His contribution to humanity has been priceless.   We must never forget the sacrifices made by the heroes of the Civil  Rights Movement. I stand with my esteemed colleague and civil rights  champion, Congressman John Lewis, who proposed this legislation. I  strongly urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   