 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan  effort to protect victims of nonconsensual sharing of intimate media in  the Armed Forces and to hold those who engage in this dishonorable  practice accountable under the military law. This is a bipartisan  effort, and I appreciate that. It should be. This is a terrible thing  that we have to fix.   I am a five-time commander. I was on the front lines fighting this as  a commander. I court-martialed those who abused others. I proudly did  so. I was recognized as having the best Sexual Assault Response Program  in the Air Force back in 2008 and 2009.   Also, I am proud to stand here in this bipartisan effort as a  husband, a father of a daughter, and a grandfather of three little  granddaughters. We have got to do better, and we stand in this together  to make a difference.   Last month we observed Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and I spoke to  the body on the obligation we share as elected leaders to support those  who have been victims of sexual violence and exploitation. It is,  therefore, fitting that we continue this campaign by turning our good  words into legislative action. I want to thank my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle for inviting me to speak on this subject.   As members of the Armed Forces, we are taught the values of honor,  integrity, loyalty to our Constitution, to our flag, and to the  Republic for which it stands. From our earliest days in uniform, we are  also imbued with an unbreakable commitment and trust in each other as  warriors and teammates. These are not abstract concepts of quaint  notions of a bygone age. Rather, they are the foundation of combat  readiness and competence under fire. Mr. Speaker, I submit these ideals  are the very essence of our strength of arms as a nation.   That is why when someone in our midst betrays this trust and  dishonors our code, the consequences go far beyond an individual act of  depravity. It strikes at the heart of our core values and threatens the  foundation of our combat readiness. And when the victims of these  crimes perceive they are condoned by the very institution they serve,  the damage is greater still.   That is why Congress has an obligation to act and to remove any doubt  that those who traffic in intimate pictures of their teammates and  wrongfully share them not only violate the bonds of human decency, but  are breaking the law.   That is why I am proud to stand in a bipartisan effort and also with  Representative McSally and colleagues on both sides of the aisle as an  original cosponsor of H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act, to amend the Uniform  Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast of intimate  visual images. This is important to change the UCMJ. It will protect  the victims of this crime, hold those who engage in these acts  accountable, and make absolutely clear--zero doubt--to every member of  the Armed Forces that such conduct is unacceptable and will be  prosecuted under the law.   Those of us in the House who have served in uniform and have been  entrusted with the responsibility of command know firsthand the  importance of disciplined adherence to standards and of creating a  climate of mutual trust that treats all members with dignity, fairness,  and respect.   For those of us who have fought to enforce our laws and protect the  victims of all forms of sexual assault and exploitation in the  military, this is not just what is right; it is also very personal.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my fellow Members of Congress  on both sides of the aisle in support of this important legislation,  support for our military, support for our culture, support for the  defense of our country. I thank those who are leading the effort  tonight.   