 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman Rice for his  introduction of this important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, President Trump and I agree on many issues facing our  Nation today. We share our number one priority: national security.  Energy independence is critical to our mutual mission to safeguard the  United States. That is why I stand before my colleagues in the Nation  today in support of H.R. 1551 to modify the nuclear production tax  credit.   Enacted in 2005, the Energy Policy Act provided production tax  credits for reactors with a deadline of 2020. When the law was enacted,  Congress did not anticipate the sunset date would place a hardship on  energy producers. As every businessowner knows, the unexpected happens  in the real world.   My district is leading the way in the expansion of our Nation's  nuclear energy resources, constructing two of the first nuclear  reactors in the United States in more than 30 years. In fact, the 12th  District of Georgia will have more than 75 percent of the nuclear  generating capacity of the Southern Company.   Also, because Georgia has been ranked as the number one place to  locate your business for the last 4 years is because we enjoy extremely  low power rates.   In an unfortunate turn of events, Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy,  which could result in the nuclear units coming online at Plant Vogtle a  little later than 2020. H.R. 1551 will assist our Nation's energy  producers to complete Plant Vogtle's units 3 and 4. Mr. Speaker, this  is absolutely critical. This change will not cost the taxpayer an  additional dime.   You may ask: Why is this a national security issue? As it has been  mentioned, China and Russia continue to make heavy investments in  nuclear energy. We cannot send a signal to the rest of the world that  nondemocratic countries are leading the way in nuclear production and  that America is not investing in our own energy independence.   Mr. Speaker, Plant Vogtle is critical to provide clean low-cost  energy to Georgians. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  critical important legislation.   