 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the members of this committee for  allowing the opportunity to present this amendment. The extraordinary  work of Mrs. Lowey and Mr. Rogers, as well as Mr. Frelinghuysen and  other members of the Appropriations Committee, are deeply appreciated  by all of us.   This amendment adds an additional $12 million to the Economic Support  Fund to increase assistance to the Ethiopian-Israeli community.   Through the Middle East Partnership Initiative, our Embassy in Tel  Aviv is already engaged in a number of valuable partnerships with the  Ethiopian community in Israel. These programs are commendable, and I  hope that their funding remains robust.   My amendment would extend a modest amount of aid toward a different  subset of the community, Ethiopian-Israeli youth.   Israel's Ministry of Education recently completed a long-term review  to determine how to best meet the needs of the community. The plan that  was presented and adopted included approximately $20 million for  programs to improve integration of the Ethiopian community into Israeli  society, focusing principally on education and, more specifically,  language and math skills. Israeli organizations that have focused on  this area for years have had great successes.   My first visit to Israel was, rather ironically because of today's  events, with Mrs. Lowey and other Members. During that period of time,  we visited one of the areas where Ethiopian Jews were being absorbed.  And since that time, I have followed actively Israel's continuing  courageous concerns with reference to those from not only areas that  are right there, but as far away as Ethiopia.   They work with American philanthropic organizations such as the  Jewish Federations of North America, and private stakeholders, but,  even with the new government funding, do not have sufficient resources  to meet the needs of these communities.   Supporting this type of programming would be a logical and effective  way to continue improving upon our country's bilateral relationship and  would build upon programs that are already implemented on the ground.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this matter, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment adds $20 million to the  Economic Support Fund for the purpose of providing critically needed  humanitarian aid to peoples persecuted by ISIS. These groups include  Yazidi survivors of sexual slavery, as well as Christian, Shabak, and  other religious and ethnic minorities.   Footnote right there, Mr. Chairman. I found it interesting in the  past few weeks that the Rohingya in Myanmar, formerly Burma, are,  literally, expelled from their country. While I, as well as others, am  proud of Aung San Suu Kyi, and the extraordinary work that she did, and  her Nobel Prize, I am puzzled by the continuing conduct which mimics  genocide in that area, and this is not about that, but I would be  remiss if I didn't mention it.   There are a lot of examples I could highlight to stress the  importance of this amendment, but I want to focus briefly on the  Yazidi. The crimes committed by the Islamic State against the Yazidi  are amongst the most horrible we have heard of--mass executions,  organized kidnapping, child soldiers, and sexual slavery. At the height  of its power, the Islamic State sold girls and women in the open at  slave markets.   In a recent article titled ``Freed From ISIS, Yazidi Women Return in  `Severe Shock,' '' The New York Times quotes Dr. Nagham Nawzat Hasan, a  Yazidi gynecologist who has treated over 1,000 of the rape victims. He  describes the victims as virtually ``unconscious'' and ``in severe  shock and psychological upset.''   Thousands of women remain enslaved, and those who have escaped or  been rescued, for them, the road to recovery is daunting.   As we debate how best to spend hundreds of millions of dollars in  humanitarian aid, we must ensure this community is provided with  support. Time is of the essence, Mr. Chairman.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield to the  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), the ranking member of this  distinguished committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my  request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 97 printed in part B of  House Report 115-295 to the end that the Chair put the question de  novo.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my  request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 98 printed in part B of  House Report 115-295 to the end that the Chair put the question de  novo.   