 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my  distinguished colleague from Rhode Island who has been such a champion  for working people and economic progress in manufacturing and economic  fairness so that our country as a whole can advance together.   I am proud to be a Senator who fights to preserve, protect, and  strengthen the safety net for all Americans, as my colleague from Rhode  Island does, and many of us here do. So I come to the floor to speak on  Congressman Mick Mulvaney, with reluctance and sadness, because he is  out of the mainstream and, really, an adversary of programs that assure  that safety net and basic fairness that is at the core of our great  democracy and our economic system.   I oppose his nomination to serve as Director of the Office of  Management and Budget, hardly the best known of agencies and not  necessarily the most glamorous or glitzy but among the most important.  His position is among the most consequential because he serves as an  economic adviser, as well as an allocator of funding throughout the  Federal Government and a leader on important social programs.   He has proved strongly antithetical to those programs that have made  America great: Medicare, Social Security, and other efforts, including  the Affordable Care Act, which are essential to our future.   He has broad responsibilities for our Nation's budget. He also has  important oversight responsibilities about Federal rulemaking--those  unglamorous, sometimes invisible regulations and rules that affect real  lives and livelihoods throughout this country. They establish rules of  the road in industry. They establish access for people to Federal  programs. They provide an essential means of achieving fairness in our  democracy--that important process that agencies use to enact  safeguards, for example, that keep our air and water clean and our  workplaces safe.   Congressman Mulvaney's positions on these vital issues are out of  step with American values, out of the mainstream of American popular  opinion, and out of the area of acceptability in terms of basic public  interest.   Our economic reality is characterized by one simple stark economic  fact: Burdens are falling hardest on the people who can least afford  them. I am not talking about people at the lowest rungs of income or  wealth but middle-class Americans who work hard and who have seen their  incomes stagnant over 5 years, 10 years, 20 years. Stagnating incomes  and stagnating futures destroy the American dream.   So the Federal Reserve, for example, has reported in 2014 that  average incomes have remained flat or fallen for all but the most  affluent 10 percent of American families. That is a staggering fact  about our economic system and its ability to deliver for Americans  generally. That is the context for this nomination. I consistently hear  from my constituents in Connecticut that income has failed to keep pace  with overall economic recovery. Even as Wall Street has risen,  Americans see nothing but stagnant income, sometimes falling economic  prospects. Things have gotten better, but good jobs are still out of  reach for far too many.   Retirement for increasing numbers of baby boomers makes it all the  more vital that we protect and strengthen our safety net. The safety  net is not the sole answer to larger challenges that must be solved by  robust economic growth. That has to be our priority--economic growth in  Connecticut and around the country. But increased opportunity depends  on growth for ourselves and for our children--my wife and my four  children and our way of life.   In fact, President Trump himself seemed to recognize this economic  fact, one of the few areas where we agree, because he pledged during  the campaign to keep our Nation's safety net firmly, irrevocably  intact--not to make any cuts to Social Security or Medicare. He pledged  and promised.   Now, who is his nominee to be head of the OMB, that crucial agency  with responsibility for Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid? Mick  Mulvaney has an affinity for draconian budget cuts and far-right  positions that are completely out of step with this promise and pledge.   The President must have reversed himself or revoked his promise,  because Congressman Mulvaney has spent his entire political career  crusading against exactly these programs that keep millions of  Americans out of poverty. Social Security is one of the great  achievements of our American democracy. In fact, it is one of the  greatest achievements the world has known because it has allowed this  Nation to promise its people that they can avoid crushing poverty if  they simply work hard and if they contribute to this program that is a  form of insurance.   It is not a gift. It is not really an entitlement. It is an insurance  program. It makes us a humane and decent nation. We care for people who  have worked hard all of their lives and need to be protected so they  need not depend on their children or their grandchildren.   Congressman Mulvaney has called Social Security a ``Ponzi scheme.''  Tell that to the Social Security recipients  [[Page S1178]]  in Connecticut. Tell that to the working people of Connecticut. He is  out of step with working people and middle-class people who know that  Social Security does not contribute to the Federal budget deficit, and  it is not the Ponzi scheme that Congressman Mulvaney mischaracterizes  it as being.   It is fashionable on the far right to use that characterization,  suggesting it will run out of money unless severe restrictions are put  in place. He has championed those kinds of restrictions--means testing,  for example, and raising the retirement age. Those proposals are a  disservice to hard-working Americans who reach that retirement age  having been promised that they would receive Social Security when they  did or work hard to make Social Security work for them, without a means  test, without anybody asking them to fill out forms or disclose their  incomes and establish standards or tests that make them ineligible.   It is true that there are changes to these programs that may be  necessary. In fact, I proposed a plan for enhancing Social Security,  making it a stronger insurance program by raising the cap on the  payment of taxes that are due and other kinds of reforms that will more  properly allocate the burdens but not means-testing, not raising the  retirement age, which are radical and draconian favorites of the far  right. Lifting the payroll tax cap so the wealthiest Americans  contribute their fair share, as I have proposed, will keep this program  solvent for decades into the future.   The only reason to reject the commonsense changes I have proposed is  a political aversion to raising taxes on anyone at any time, even the  wealthiest individuals or the most powerful and profitable companies,  which is the mantra of people who have climbed the ladder and want to  raise it so that no one else has access to those top rungs. It makes no  sense to me that we would ask great sacrifices of our senior citizens  but do nothing about eliminating the loopholes that privilege some of  the most affluent people and the largest and most profitable companies  in the world.   We should not and must not use the Social Security trust fund as a  means to pay down the debt or reduce the deficit or gamble with the  hard-earned benefits 61 million Americans rely on during their  retirement. Those 61 million Americans, who come from all of the States  and all over the Nation, are represented in this Chamber, and they  deserve better than Mick Mulvaney's far-right radical ideas that would  restrict their Social Security. He fails to recognize this reality and  would prevent Social Security from continuing to flourish and provide  the stability so essential to this great Nation--already the greatest  Nation in the history of the world because of programs like Social  Security and Medicare.   Speaking of Medicare, Congressman Mulvaney's proposal for Medicare  also betrays the President's promise to leave Medicare intact. He has  been vocal, absolutely frank about his support for tearing down  Medicare, going as far as to say: ``We have to end Medicare as we know  it.'' Do we really have to end Medicare as we know it, tear it down,  destroy it? That is what Mick Mulvaney says. That betrays President  Trump's promise to keep Medicare intact.   Mick Mulvaney has also supported proposals to privatize this  lifesaving healthcare program by turning it into a voucher system,  which would effectively gut its promise of guaranteed health benefits.  A ``voucherized'' Medicare would be devastating for our Nation's  seniors. Many of them are already on fixed incomes. This plan would  allot them a fixed amount of funds--fixed funds to purchase all of  their health insurance, which would result in higher premiums and  increased out-of-pocket costs. Connecticut seniors deserve better than  Mick Mulvaney's efforts to restrict Medicare in such a disruptive and  destructive way.   Congressman Mulvaney's actions and statements on Medicare point to a  future budget director who has no intention of keeping the President's  promise to protect this crucial health program. This country counts on  its next budget director to prioritize facts and responsibilities and  the public interest above political games; to rely on real facts, not  alternate facts.   Our budget, our deficit, our national debt are, in fact, fact-bound  and fact-based. The world relies on real facts when it looks at the  American economy, and the people who work in that economy, whether they  are young or old, veterans or civilians, depend on real economic  growth. Yet Congressman Mulvaney's reckless approach to fiscal issues  has jeopardized this country's stability, causing real danger for the  sake of ideology. That approach in the Congress has led to uncertainty  and unpredictability, which are the bane of small- and medium-size  businesses, which are, in turn, the major job creators in our society  and economy.   Congressman Mulvaney's extreme views already have negatively impacted  the American economy. While in the House of Representatives, he led  efforts to leverage the threat of a government shutdown as a tactic to  push for specific demands, which included radical anti-choice policies,  measures antithetical to women's healthcare and the right of privacy,  including defunding Planned Parenthood.   As one of the most senior economic advisers to the President and the  head of OMB, he would have immense responsibility to influence this  administration and the President. His outright disregard for the harm  caused by a government shutdown--a tactic that jolts and jeopardizes  our economy and disrupts the lives of millions of Americans--should  itself alone disqualify him from this critical role within the Federal  Government.   He also sought government shutdowns as well to block the  implementation of the Affordable Care Act, which has helped so many  people in Connecticut receive the coverage and care they need. I could  spend a lot of time talking about the benefits people in Connecticut  have received from the Affordable Care Act. Its future is key to the  financial future of this country, but Mick Mulvaney has consistently  advanced misconceptions and mistruths about the nature and functioning  of this law.   Again, we can agree to disagree on policy, but misrepresenting the  truth and relying on alternate facts is exactly what the budget  director should not be doing. He is the one whom we rely on for real  facts about our economy and our budget.   Even more worrying was Congressman Mulvaney's archaic approach to  addressing the debt ceiling. In the face of all evidence, he flatly  stated that he did not believe this country would default on its debt  as a result of the failure to raise the debt ceiling. Economics 101:  The debt ceiling, if it is not extended--that means a default.   Experts across the political spectrum agree that a breach of the debt  ceiling, and consequently our Nation's full faith and credit, would be  catastrophic. I am absolutely unable to vote for someone who fails to  recognize that basic economic truth and takes this threat so lightly.   Finally, Congressman Mulvaney has demonstrated a near reflexive  hostility to Federal agencies and the important work they do. As with  so many of the President's nominees, unfortunately, he seems to be  hostile to the very mission and purpose of the agency he is going to  lead--whether it is the EPA or the Department of Labor or other  agencies where nominees have taken stands that, in effect, say: Let's  dismantle and destroy this agency. Yet they are the ones who are  supposed to be leading and inspiring its efforts.   I believe that government could be more efficient and responsive.  Waste ought to be eliminated. Fraud ought to be prosecuted. I am eager  to work with my colleagues on good-faith proposals to achieve these  goals.   Federal agencies remain vital to important public purposes that  people cannot achieve on their own. They cannot clean our air and water  on their own. They cannot ensure public safety through policing on  their own. They cannot make sure our national defense is strong on  their own. A whole myriad of functions depend on a functional Federal  Government. Commonsense rules that prohibit excessive pollution or  unsafe working conditions protect all of us.   As the head of OMB, which includes offices that oversee Federal  funding, he has a responsibility to make sure that rules are enforced  and that people are protected. Yet he has opposed the existence of the  Export-Import Bank, an  [[Page S1179]]  institution that is critically important to so many of our job  creators, big and small businesses in Connecticut and around the  country.   He opposed emergency funding for the victims of Hurricane Sandy,  despite the devastation caused by this terrible storm, which was  unleashed in Connecticut and nearby States.   He has questioned the need for government-funded research, despite  the myriad advances in science and medicine that have come from  government laboratories and research institutions.   His record shows that he would be the wrong person for this job,  harming our safety net and our fiscal stability. I oppose his  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to Senator  Schumer.    I yield the floor.   