 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia  (Mr. Goodlatte) for yielding me this time.   Rapid DNA is a promising new technology that allows for the almost  immediate DNA analysis of an arrestee. Unlike standard DNA practices,  which require sending DNA samples from arrestees out to labs with a  result taking weeks to ascertain, Rapid DNA results take only a few  hours and can be done right at the booking station. Like  fingerprinting, photographing, and other booking procedures which at  the time were novel but now have become routine, Rapid DNA will soon be  standard procedure in police stations throughout the country.    There is only one problem with Rapid DNA technology: Federal law. Our  law, written in 1994 when DNA technology was still in its infancy,  prohibits the use of Rapid DNA technology in booking stations. This is  not because of any limitation in Rapid DNA technology, but simply  because at that time Rapid DNA technology was not even contemplated.  Similar to the transformation of musical devices--records leading to  cassette tapes, cassette tapes leading to CDs, CDs leading to MP3, and  now iPods and online music hosting services--technology moves quicker  than we can legislate. Now is the time to change the law to permit  Rapid DNA technology.   Rapid DNA machines are compact, approximately the size of copy  machines, and can provide a DNA analysis from a cheek swab sample of an  arrestee within 2 hours. This has two profound implications. First,  arrestees may be exonerated of crimes in 2 hours rather than waiting  for up to 72 hours for release, or months for more standard DNA  testing. Second, those arrested for a crime can quickly be matched to  other unsolved crimes where there was forensic evidence left at the  crime scene but for which there was no identified suspect.   The Rapid DNA Act updates the current law to allow DNA samples to be  processed using Rapid DNA instruments located in booking stations and  other approved locations. The bill will require the FBI to issue  standards and procedures for the use of such instruments and their  resulting DNA analyses to ensure the integrity of such instruments and  the accuracy of the results. It will permit those results to be  included in the DNA index if criminal justice agencies taking the  samples comply with the standards and procedures that the FBI approves.  In this way, the bill would permit this new category of DNA samples to  be uploaded into the index with the same protections and quality  standards as current DNA samples.   Not only does Rapid DNA have the potential to reduce crime, help  expeditiously exonerate the innocent, but also to positively impact the  current backlogs for rape kits and other DNA sample analysis.   This committee has spent a great deal of time and significant work to  try to reduce the forensic DNA backlog, especially in rape kits. Rapid  DNA could not at this time be used for rape kits, but the  implementation of Rapid DNA will allow forensic labs to focus on  forensic samples, not on identification samples which can easily be  handled by Rapid DNA machines. I hope this will reduce the rape kit  backlog, which will also prevent future rapes from happening.   I am pleased that the House is taking a significant step in  furthering the use of this technology. I urge my colleagues to support  this legislation.   