 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FY18  budget. I think that this is a very important step in doing something  that this Nation needs, and that is for the United States Congress and  the President to pass tax reform.   For way too long, our national economy has languished at a GDP growth  that is far below historical averages. One of the most important things  that we have got to do is to grow our economy because that leads to  families being successful, rising wages, being able to have careers for  themselves and their family members, and I believe that tax reform  unlocks the American economy in a way that we haven't seen in decades.   For far too long, we have looked at our Tax Code only through a set  of domestic lenses and only looked at the rates; and we get into these  ridiculous debates about the top bracket versus the lowest bracket, and  we divide our Nation. But, for the first time, we are approaching our  Tax Code through a set of global lenses that really give our American  economy a chance to be competitive on the world stage.    It is not simply about cutting rates. It is not simply about giving a  break to one group or another and to get away from this rhetoric. It is  about creating the most vibrant place in the world to do business by  reforming the Code and creating fairness.   If we do that and our American families succeed, and we see people  moving from poverty into the middle class, and from the middle class  up, and we see entrepreneurs, and we see new businesses and innovation,  we are going to see growth in our economy like we have not seen in a  generation.   The importance of that is it will give us the tools that we need to  address the single biggest driver of our debt, and that is mandatory  spending. And this body must have the political courage and integrity,  along with the Senate, to address mandatory spending, to have an honest  conversation about Social Security, about Medicare, about Medicaid,  and, most importantly, about welfare entitlement reform, because we can  no longer trap generation after generation in poverty. We must create  pathways out of poverty into the middle class for our fellow Americans.   We can do this. We can be committed to it.   