 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as Republicans in both Chambers rush to  conclude their secret negotiations on the final details of their tax  bill, I want to make clear to my colleagues what should be obvious  about this legislation. We may not yet know the results of all of their  horse-trading leading up to the final legislation, but the American  people are watching this process. It is plain to see that, should this  Republican bill become law, Republicans will have knowingly and  deliberately made worse the most dangerous threats that we face to our  economic and national security. Worse yet, they will have drained the  public coffers that our children and our children's children will need  to take up these challenges.   We all know what these challenges are. We face unprecedented income  and wealth inequality that threatens to stifle the social mobility that  is the hallmark of the American Dream. There is also declining  productivity, which has kept middle-class wages stagnant, and bred  economic anxiety for too many parents wondering if their children will  attain a higher standard of living--much higher, they hope--than they  have achieved. We have a surging deficit from decades of trickle-down  economics and unpaid-for wars that, if left unaddressed, could apply  huge pressure to our ability to keep our most basic promises to the  American people, not to mention meeting our obligations as a world  power.   To the families watching what is going on in Washington right now,  the Republican end game appears to be to invite fiscal crisis due to  irresponsible tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations, and then,  because we have already given trillions of dollars away in tax cuts, to  demand that Congress shred Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and  other vital programs in order to pay our bills. We know this is the  road that this bill sets us upon, and the American people certainly see  this coming. So let no one who votes for this bill say that they did  not know the consequences of their actions. This will not be remembered  as tax reform, but rather as a serious mistake to be corrected in the  future.   How do middle-class Americans know that Republicans did not write  this bill for them? Because they have watched Republican economics rig  the tax system in favor of the wealthy and corporations for years, even  as wealth and income inequality have reached historic levels. They took  the Republicans at their word when Republicans promised that the Bush  tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, which skewed tax relief to the top  [[Page S8026]]  1 percent over the bottom 20 percent of Americans by more than 6 to 1,  would eventually trickle down. That is what they thought, but on the  eve of the great recession, aftertax income for the richest 1 percent  had soared while middle-class wages continued to stagnate. We are still  waiting for the Bush tax cuts to trickle down and to pay for  themselves. They likely never will.    These Republican proposals make matters even worse by financing tax  giveaways for big business and the rich on the backs of those just  trying to get by. Economists, relying on the Federal Survey of Consumer  Finances, recently determined that the top 1 percent of American  households now hold about 40 percent of the Nation's wealth, which is a  50-year high. This legislation overwhelmingly benefits them while  raising taxes on 48 percent of American taxpayers by 2027.   Many of the families whose taxes will go up have already been through  tough economic times during the Great Recession. Productivity in the  American workforce has been declining, and wages have grown at an even  slower pace than that. These families don't need numbers from the  Bureau of Labor Statistics to know our Nation's recovery was  historically slow. But our middle-class weathered the Great Recession  as Americans have always done. Now, because of the lopsidedness and  deficit-busting features of the Republican tax bill, Moody's Analytics  has warned that this ``fiscal policy mistake'' could very well take us  prematurely into an economic bust. Middle-class families have just  emerged from the last crisis of Republican economics, still battered  and bruised, and they know that, if Republicans force a plan like this  on the Nation again, it will be their children who are on the hook to  pay for it.   Make no mistake, there are times when running a deficit is advisable  or even economically necessary--particularly when times are tough and  families need help to stay in the working class and get back on their  feet. But regressive tax cuts just sit on our credit card with little  to show for all that red ink, and the tab we are leaving the next  generation is still running from 16 years ago.   Like many of my colleagues, I was here to take the tough votes and  make the hard choices that led to the Clinton-era surplus. The failed  experiments of supply-side economics turned that surplus into a CBO- projected deficit of over $10 trillion over the next decade. And even  if we accept all of the rosy assumptions of dynamic scoring and take it  on faith, yet again, that wealth will trickle down and that no  recession will come in the next decade--all of which are assumptions on  which I wouldn't wager anything--the Joint Committee on Taxation  calculates that this bill would still increase the deficit by over $1  trillion. Facts do not go away simply because we ignore them, and if  Republicans continue to ignore the budget hole their policies create,  then this massive deficit and the budget pressures that follow it will  be their legacy for future generations.   More importantly, however, I must ask: What national priorities will  our colleagues on the other side deem too expensive after we have given  1 trillion more borrowed dollars to the wealthy? What choices will  Republicans try to force on the American people when they decide there  simply isn't enough for the Armed Forces, the jobless, the sick, and  the elderly? Republican leadership is already vowing to take up  ``entitlement reform'' next year, which is Washington-speak for giving  the top 1 percent everything they want and then forcing practically  everyone else to choose who loses their Social Security, Medicare, or  Medicaid to plug the budget hole. Therefore, before Republicans blow  apart the Federal budget yet again, it is worth reviewing the massive  costs the American people are already committed to pay.   First, as I have discussed before, this bill essentially guarantees  that we will struggle to meet the needs of our national defense. Our  war deficits from the past 16 years alone are projected to add over $1  trillion to the national debt by 2023 and over $8 trillion by 2056. We  all know we must modernize the nuclear triad, which will cost $1.2  trillion in 2017 dollars over the next 30 years. A 355-ship Navy would  cost, on average, $102 billion per year through 2047. Necessary  additions to the end strengths of the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps  will cost an additional $18 billion, $6 billion, and $3.6 billion,  respectively. Where will this money come from, since we have already  given it away to the wealthiest Americans?   This chart shows what happens to the defense budget when large-scale  tax reductions are put into effect, starting in the Reagan era of the  1980s. One of President Reagan's first initiatives was to build up  defense. This chart shows the percentage of GDP devoted to defense  spending. President Reagan promised to make America strong. To  actualize his feeling and view of peace through strength, he built up  the defense budget significantly--going from a little over 5 percent of  GDP when he took office up to almost 7 percent. But in the mid-1980s,  he also engineered tax cuts that lowered taxes on the wealthy in  proportion to lower income Americans, and eventually, those tax cuts  and the deficit caught up with defense spending. As we notice, through  the later 1980s and all the way into the 1990s, except for one respite,  we had a declining defense budget. In the first year of the George  Herbert Walker Bush administration, there was another attempt to  decrease defense spending. So the line went up a bit, but after that,  of course, with deficits increasing, with other pressures mounting on  the budget, defense spending plummeted.   Then, within the Clinton administration, there was a conscious effort  to reduce defense spending. The so-called Cold War peace dividend took  place. At the same time, though, because of the tough votes on tax  reform that we took, we were building up a significant surplus.   We saw again here, with the beginning of the George W. Bush  administration, an increase in defense spending. Once again, that was a  product the desire of the President to lower taxes, which he did, but  more importantly, was the unexpected and catastrophic attack on the  United States on September 11, 2001. That, together with the later  decisions to go into Iraq and maintain our presence in Afghanistan, led  us to increase defense spending, but, once again--once again--a growing  deficit with tax cuts, with no increases to pay for wartime operations,  saw the defense budget peak and then begin to decline, and we are in  that decline right now.    If history is any judge, when we pass these tax cuts, I think we will  see a further decline as defense spending is squeezed by an already- acknowledged increased deficit and by the difficulty of cutting other  programs to relieve budget pressures. We are not positioning ourselves  well. As I previously mentioned, we are already looking ahead at  necessary expenditures totaling trillions of dollars over the future,  and if we don't make them, it will leave our Armed Forces, and indeed  our position in the world, in a very precarious position.   The irony will be that many of my colleagues will come down here and  vote one day soon on a huge tax reduction for the wealthiest, including  a $1.5 trillion deficit increase, and on the next day say: ``We need  more money for our military, that is the most important thing.'' If our  military were the most important thing, we would be voting on a bill to  provide that type of financial support and relief to the military  today, and letting the tax cuts for the wealthy wait.   This is one of the remarkable periods in our history; probably the  first time in our history, that we have conducted a war for 16 years,  and have yet to ask the American people, in any significant way, to  participate by paying their fair share for the national defense. In  fact, throughout this period, with rare exceptions, we have cut taxes,  and the cuts have basically benefited the wealthiest Americans. That is  why all of this together has caused former Secretaries of Defense Leon  Panetta, Ash Carter, and Chuck Hagel to indicate that this tax bill is  ill-advised. Following 16 years of debt-financed war, providing even  bigger deficit-busting tax cuts doesn't make any sense for our national  security.   My previous comments, along with the comments of former Secretaries  of Defense and others seem to have touched a nerve with Speaker Ryan  because, when asked specifically, he took some umbrage at these  comments. In an interview with NPR, he said he simply could not  understand where our  [[Page S8027]]  concerns were coming from. To put it bluntly, I am comfortable siding  with three former Secretaries of Defense over the Speaker when it comes  to budgeting for the men and women of our Armed Forces, for the reasons  I outlined in my discussion of the history of defense spending and tax  cuts over the last 30-plus years. Inevitably, the tax cuts to the  wealthy and corporations, because of the way this bill is structured,  will put pressure on defense spending. What I don't want to happen is  to have people down here 2 months from now pounding the desks about how  we are not responding to the needs of our troops, saying that we  haven't made them the most important thing in our lives, or that we are  neglecting our national defense. Frankly, they have ignored this whole  topic by committing to give tax cuts and increase the deficit. That is  the wrong priority, in my view.   As the chart clearly demonstrates, these tax cuts eventually catch up  with us. They produced defense cuts--maybe not immediately, but we are  not working on a situation like we had in 2001. When President George  W. Bush instituted his tax cuts, we had a $5 trillion surplus on the  books. That was because we took those tough votes in the 1990s to  increase taxes and to build up a surplus.   We don't have that pad any longer. We are already $10 trillion in the  hole, so the effect of these cuts will be much quicker and much more  dramatic when it comes to the situation we will face not only in terms  of supporting our military, but actually taking major steps to upgrade  the platforms, the technology, the training, the readiness, and the  quality of life of the Armed Forces. We don't have a $5 trillion  surplus to dip into to pay off the wealthiest while we try to fix  defense. We are in a situation where advocacy for this tax cut, in my  view, totally and deliberately ignores the costs we are going to have  to pay to protect ourselves. For the first time in our history, we have  conducted almost 20 years of war, and we have asked our troops and  their families to serve, but we haven't asked any other American to  stand up, at least with their financial support, and help us deal with  the crises we face across the globe.   It is not just our Armed Forces that will be squeezed and crowded out  of the Federal budget because of these Republican proposals; the middle  class and the working poor will also have to do a lot more with a lot  less.   Many of my colleagues have already pointed out that the CBO has  estimated that 13 million Americans will lose their health insurance  because Republicans will repeal the individual mandate to pay for tax  cuts. They can try to spin this as an expansion of choices, but the  bottom line is that more people will be sick, and fewer of them will  get the care they need.   Other middle-class American families can expect to lose access to  critical tax advantages that allow them to remain self-sufficient  during hard times. This approach promises to crush families on two  fronts. It will force more families who are down on their luck to slip  out of the working class, and then, because of massive deficits, the  social safety net will be weakened when these families need it the  most. This legislation will likely trigger a $25 billion cut to  Medicare in 2018 alone, and with the Republicans' entitlement reform on  the docket for next year--publically announced by Speaker Ryan--this  may just be the tip of the iceberg. If we pass this tax bill, under our  pay-go rules, we are in a position where we will be facing a $25  billion cut to Medicare just next year, in 2018. Indeed, for many  Americans, this vote is not about taxes, it is about Medicare--what  they thought they had earned and are entitled to, what their children  believe they need in order to withstand the obvious health problems as  one ages.    This does not even begin to cover the struggles facing working-class  Americans every day. We are in the midst of a historic decline in labor  force participation that economists are struggling to explain, and many  States that are experiencing deep declines in labor force participation  are among those hardest hit by the opioid epidemic. A few weeks ago,  President Trump declared a public health emergency on opioids. Where  are the resources coming from to face that national emergency? There  will not be that much left after this tax cut.   What we are beginning to see--this is not cause and effect, but it is  a correlation--is that a lot of individuals are leaving the workforce  because they feel displaced by new technology or because they are  noncompetitive or for a number of reasons, and this seems to correlate  very highly in those States with large losses with this opioid  epidemic. In my home State of Rhode Island, this epidemic is real. It  is taking the lives of individuals. On a national scale, it is  something that has already been proclaimed a public health emergency by  the President. Again, where will the money come from after these tax  cuts? Will the problem just go away? I doubt it. The money is going  away, but not the problem.   We have to ask ourselves: If we are in a national public health  emergency, why aren't we standing up and providing the resources to  help Americans face this problem? It goes back to the same logic: If we  are in our 16th or 17th year of war, why aren't we standing up and  saying that we better put up some money for the troops, their  equipment, and their families?   No--what my colleagues are saying is: We had better cut taxes for the  wealthiest Americans, for corporations. We have to create loopholes for  passthrough entities that give advantages to private equity concerns,  legal firms, accountants, and others.   As we look at these problems, millions of Americans are sitting  around their dinner tables, and they don't believe we need to give  trillion-dollar tax cuts to corporations that have international  operations. They are more likely thinking about more mundane things  closer to their lives, such as, what about the roads and bridges in my  community? Why does this country have an investment backlog in  transportation of $836 billion for highways and bridges and $122  billion for transit? Why aren't we doing the big infrastructure bill  that the President indicated during the campaign--which is going to  cost real money? Instead, we are giving real money away.   This makes a huge difference--because pursuing tax cuts first doesn't  just neglect infrastructure, it neglects jobs. The jobs infrastructure  projects create are middle-class jobs. These are not the private equity  analysts. These are not the sophisticated financial engineers. These  are the laborers, the structural engineers, and the men and women who  pour the concrete. They are not going to get much out of this tax bill.  At the family dinner table, they are probably wondering how they can  afford to send their children to college.   How can they even continue to send their children to elementary and  secondary schools that are in a horrendous state of repair? The  Department of Education has estimated it would cost $197 billion to  bring all public schools in the United States to good condition, and  there is a $30 billion funding gap in annual capital construction and  new facility funding. This is not just a Rhode Island problem; this is  a problem in every State of the Union. Public school buildings are  decrepit, and we are sending children to those schools. If this  legislation passes, where will we find the money to help State and  local communities deal with these issues so that children can go to  schools that are modern, up-to-date places where they can learn?   Once you get past the elementary and secondary education levels,  today everyone insists the jobs of the future all require more than a  high school education. We have a generation that has racked up about  $1.3 trillion in student loans and is facing a job market that provides  few opportunities and not enough opportunities to pay them off. They  are worried. People are worried that their children--many of whom are  still living with them after college--will never be able to pay off  these loans. Where is the multibillion-dollar package of assistance,  aid, and loan forgiveness that will allow this generation of Americans  to have the same benefits that my generation had? That is not the  situation today. Everyone in this Chamber knows this because, when they  go home, they hear from parents who are wondering when their child will  ever get out from underneath the significant debt they have.   These are all real problems that working families face. There is  another  [[Page S8028]]  problem that is looming and will exacerbate these problems even more  dramatically. According to the McKinsey Global Institute, up to 30  percent of the work done by 60 percent of occupations today is  vulnerable to automation. By 2030, 75 million to 375 million--up to 14  percent--of the global workforce will need to change jobs. These  advances in artificial intelligence could cause a huge erosion in human  jobs.   What are families doing? What should we be doing? Frankly, we should  be thinking of ways we can help people make the transition, and prepare  them for what we know is coming. We know there is going to be a huge  loss of jobs. We know that, when people drop out of the workforce, when  companies get smaller, their pension obligations don't get that much  smaller. We are also facing huge shortages in terms of pensions.   One of the ironies I suggest will happen--``irony'' is too gentle of  a word--is that these corporations that are getting huge tax benefits  are not going to raise wages. They are not going to turn it over to the  people who work for them. They will buy back their stock, and some of  these companies will buy back their stock even though their pension  plans are not fully funded. That is not only an irony but an additional  problem with the approach we are taking to this legislation.   The jobs in danger are not all entry-level positions. This is not  about somebody who has a pick and a shovel and is displaced by a  machine. We are talking about jobs, for example, in radiology. With  computers and artificial intelligence today, doctors will admit they  can read x-rays better than many technicians. They can do it in such a  way that you don't need as many radiologists to review the records.  They can be much more efficient. We are talking about jobs that are not  core, entry-level jobs done by people who can easily do something else.  We are talking about people who have master's degrees, who have years  of training. This is going to come very quickly. What do they do? How  do they compensate? Where do they get a job?   We know that this is going to happen, and we are weakening ourselves  financially from being able to respond. Yet the legislation that is  being proposed is oblivious to what we know is going to happen.   People will come here and say: ``We need more money for national  defense.'' Why don't we do that now, instead of giving a big tax cut  and raising the deficit?   In a few years or few months, people will say: ``This opioid crisis  is out of control; it is even worse than it was when the President  declared it an emergency.'' Let's do something.   We don't have the money. In a very few years, when people say, ``We  are losing hundreds of thousands of good jobs; let's do something,''  the answer will be ``Sorry, we can't.''   By the way, we don't have much of a safety net for those people who  are being displaced by these machines because we have eroded that too.  We have huge challenges before us. The American people are watching us.  They know these things. They are seeing in their workplace machines  gradually replacing human beings. If you are a driver for UPS and you  haven't figured out yet that these big companies are buying autonomous  vehicles, they are using drones to deliver packages, et cetera--they  understand what is coming. They see their children with huge debt  living at home because they can't afford to buy a home, given their  school loans. They sense the fragility of not only their own job but  also the support for their parents on Medicare and Medicaid.   One of the things I thought was interesting when I heard we were  going on to entitlement reform is the fact that the biggest amount of  money spent in Medicaid go to nursing homes, and it goes to individuals  who are not the poorest of poor. They are middle-class people, seniors,  or people with long-term disabilities who have exhausted most of their  funds. They have sold their house or mortgaged their house, et cetera,  and they are the ones who are taking the bulk of the Medicaid money and  funding. If we cut Medicaid, what we are going to do is tell a lot of  middle-class people: You are out; you are out of this nursing home. Or  we are going to tell their sons and daughters: You thought you had a  problem paying off your children's tuition; you thought you had a  problem at work because you haven't had a raise in several years. Guess  what. Unless you come up with $1,000 extra a month, your mother is out  of that nursing home.   That is the reality. That is what Americans around their kitchen  tables and coffee shops are talking about. They are not talking about  big tax cuts for the wealthiest corporations and individuals. It is no  surprise that, if you look at any of the polling with respect to this  tax bill, the American people are against it. My colleagues,  particularly on the other side, are committed to getting something  through that the American people don't want. They have said it. The  polling has been extensive: We don't want this; we have real problems  at home.   I am here to say that I believe this is a great mistake. I don't  think any of us going forward should be in a position to say: Someone  should have told me; someone should have told me that we need trillions  of dollars to improve our defense above and beyond the current money we  are spending. Somebody should have told me that hundreds of thousands-- if not millions--of good jobs are going away because of artificial  intelligence. Someone should have told me that young people are  drowning under college debt, and we should fix that. Someone should  have told me that we are in a situation where working conditions and  the prospect of work is so fragile for so many people.   I think this is a great mistake. I hope my colleagues will reflect on  what we are about to do and reject it.   I yield the floor.   