 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman Goodlatte. I  also want to thank Congressman Ratcliffe of Texas.   Included in H.R. 5 is the All Economic Regulations Are Transparent  Act, or the ALERT Act. I want to highlight that, in the past two  Congresses, the ALERT Act was reported favorably out of the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform.   The ALERT Act itself is simply a transparency bill. It requires the  administration to provide meaningful information about upcoming  regulations online before those are actually issued. Early online  disclosure will create the need for transparency so the public can see  what is on the horizon.   Each month, Federal agencies will be required to list all regulations  expected to be proposed or finalized within the following year. For  each regulation on the list, the issuing agency is required to provide  basic information to the public about that regulation. This includes  the objectives of the regulation, the legal basis for the regulation,  and where it stands in the rulemaking process.   If the agency expects to finalize the regulation within the following  year, the agency is also required to provide information about the  impact of the regulation. This includes estimates on the costs, the  completion date, and the economic effects of the regulation, including  the net effect on jobs--something that doesn't happen now but seems to  be just common sense.   In this 21st century, Federal agencies should have to show their work  online so the public can engage. That is why I like what Mr. Ratcliffe  has championed since he has become a Member of this Congress. Let's  also understand and remember that, by the administration's own  estimates, Federal regulations promulgated over the last 10 years have  imposed the cost of at least $100 billion annually on the American  taxpayers.   Again, I appreciate Chairman Goodlatte's work and commitment on this  issue. I want to thank, again, our good friend, Congressman John  Ratcliffe, for his work on this. The Oversight and Government Reform  Committee has looked upon this very favorably. We are very supportive  of the overall bill, as well as this specific provision.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   H.R. 5 requires the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,  often called OIRA, to provide guidelines for agencies on how to  effectively conduct regulatory activities.   This is a great bill. I wholeheartedly support the bill. We simply  want to add a timeline to this bill so that we give the proper  incentive, notification, and time to properly institute what this new  law would do.   The regulatory activities engaged in this bill that OIRA, the Office  of Information and Regulatory Affairs, deals with need to include cost  and benefit assessments and their economic or risk assessments;  coordination, simplification, and harmonization of the agency rules;  conforming rulemaking to the notice and comment requirements and formal  rulemaking requirements in the Administrative Procedure Act; as well as  the application of the Information Quality Act to rulemaking  proceedings under what is called the APA.   These guidelines required by the underlying bill are moving the  country in the right direction and will ensure that agencies produce  thoughtful, comprehensive, and well-vetted regulations.   The simple amendment that I offer today, Mr. Chairman, to H.R. 5  simply requires OIRA to issue guidance within 270 days. I think this is  the right balance of encouragement to have them get going on it right  away, but at the same time not allowing this to linger in perpetuity  with no end in sight.   This amendment provides OIRA, I think, the proper balance. That is  why I have offered this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, certainly the gentleman from Georgia is not opposed to  the number 270. It is a beautiful number. Normally we give them about 6  months to promulgate a rule. This is 50 percent more than that. It is  roughly 9 months. If a woman can give birth in that amount of time, my  guess is they can go ahead and put together some rules in that amount  of time.   We gave it quite a bit of thought. I think it is properly balanced.  We don't want it to be a year. It is 50 percent more than we normally  ask and that OIRA is used to doing in rulemaking. So certainly they can  accomplish that.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), chairman of the committee.    Mr. Chairman, I know my colleague from Georgia is  opposed to this bill, but I do think it is reasonable to give a time  frame as to when they are supposed to issue this so it doesn't continue  on in perpetuity. I think it is reasonable.  [[Page H348]]    To the gentleman's point about the staffing, we don't get into that  granular detail here. That is left to the Office of Management and  Budget. Those decisions have been made by the Obama administration for  the last 8 years. The new Office of Management and Budget will need to  take into account the staffing levels and how OMB will determine  whether they need more staff or less staff, but I would certainly  support the idea that, if they are overwhelmed with issues, let's make  sure that they are properly staffed.   This is an important agency. It is the bottleneck. We have to make  sure that they are functioning properly. We are supportive of that, but  I do think it is reasonable to offer that timeline. I appreciate the  support of the chairman on this, and I urge passage of this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   