 Mr. President, I oppose the resolution to repeal the  Federal Communications Commission's rule to protect consumers from  having their data sold by internet service providers, or ISPs, without  their permission.   Passing this resolution of disapproval would represent yet another  victory for big business and a defeat for hard-working Americans who  use the internet to do their job, connect with friends, or read the  news.   The internet started as a system to facilitate communication among  academic and military networks. In 1995, less than 1 percent of the  world used it. Today more than 87 percent of Americans and more than 40  percent of the world's population use the internet.   Today the internet has become nearly indispensable. Increasingly, our  toasters, refrigerators, and cars can connect to the internet, but  legislation has been slow to keep up with technology. Every website we  visit and every link we click leaves an unintended trail that tells a  story about our lives. ISPs can collect information about our location,  children, sensitive information, family status, financial information,  Social Security numbers, web browsing history, and even the content of  communications. ISPs sell this highly sensitive and highly personal  data to the highest bidder without any consent or knowledge.   Recognizing that telecommunications companies have little incentive  to tell consumers what they are doing with their personal data, the FCC  promulgated a rule to make sure that consumers can protect their  privacy though transparency, choice, and data security. The rule's name  explains its purpose: ``Protecting the Privacy of Customers of  Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.'' The FCC rule would  not stop companies from selling consumers' information, but the rule  would require ISPs to get consumers' consent before using, disclosing,  or allowing others to access this information.   As former FCC Chairman Wheeler said, ``It's the consumers'  information. How it is used should be the consumers' choice.''   With this resolution, Congressional Republicans are telling 9 out of  10 Americans that they should not be able to decide how private  corporations collect, disclose, and sell their personal data. This  resolution puts the special interests of data users above those of  consumers. I oppose the resolution.    Mr. President, our Ambassador to Israel is one of our  most consequential diplomatic posts. Israel is our greatest friend and  ally in the Middle East and one of our closest partners in the world.  The bonds between our peoples have been unbreakable from Israel's  beginning. Israel is a bastion of democracy and prosperity in a violent  and unstable region, where Israel faces relentless threats to its  security. It is imperative that our Ambassador to Israel have an even  temperament, the utmost of integrity, and the ability to forge unity  across entrenched divisions.   I have a profound and steadfast commitment to Israel and to the  Jewish community. That is why I am so concerned with David Friedman's  nomination to become Ambassador to Israel.   Mr. Friedman appears to have few, if any, of the qualities needed for  this position. He is an extraordinarily polarizing figure who has  expressed views far outside of the longstanding bipartisan consensus on  Israel. His body of published work makes clear his extreme positions.  Mr. Friedman has asserted that Israel cannot trust the majority of  American Jews. He has accused the entire State Department--an  institution he now seeks to join--of anti-Semitism. He has called our  coalition allies and partners in the fight against the Islamic State  ``cowards,'' ``hypocrites,'' and ``freeloaders.'' Given his radical and  divisive rhetoric, I do not believe that he is capable of forging unity  at home or stability abroad.   Furthermore, Mr. Friedman has written that he does not believe in a  two-state solution. For decades, through Democratic and Republican  administrations alike, the United States and the international  community have held that the two-state solution is the only way to  achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians. Mr.  Friedman's position on the two-state solution, coupled with his  offensive statements, led five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel to  urge the Senate not to confirm him.   Shimon Peres, one of Israel's greatest leaders, once said, ``Our  problem is not to submit to the differences but to overcome them.''  Americans and Israelis deserve nothing less than an Ambassador who  lives up to this ethos, one who seeks to strengthen Israel by advancing  peace in the region. Given Mr. Friedman's public statements, I doubt  that he can be that person. For these reasons, I cannot support his  nomination.   