 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am pleased that in the Senate we are  about to take a vote on ratifying the protocol of the accession of  Montenegro to NATO.   What I wanted to do was to take a few moments to explain to people  why I think this is an important vote and an important moment for our  security as a nation but also to protect our interests abroad and that  of our allies.   We all know that NATO--the North Atlantic Treaty Organization--was  started right after World War II. It was primarily designed in the Cold  War to confront the threats posed by the Soviet Union and its allies in  the Warsaw Pact. Of course those threats have changed since the end of  that Cold War.   Here is what hasn't changed. What hasn't changed is the need for  America and her allies in a strong way to remain engaged in the world.  That need has not changed. What has not changed is the need for  democracies to be able to come together and collectively defend not  just their interests but the interests of all people around the world  where freedom is threatened. The difficult, painful lesson of history  is that dictators and tyrants are never pleased with what they have.  They always want more. They always need more. That is why it is so  important that those nations on Earth--luckily and in a blessed way,  more people than ever before find themselves living in societies where  the people get to choose their leaders.   These alliances we have around the world--NATO being chief among  them--help advance our strategic and economic interests, but most  importantly, they help to keep our country safe.   There is a lot of talk about how much countries are paying into NATO,  and it is true that the United States is by far the largest contributor  to NATO. I think that is a combination of two things: one, decisions  that were made by some of our allies in Europe on how they want to  spend their government's money, and the other is just the reality that  we are the United States of America, and as the United States of  America, we will always find that we are always making a  disproportionate share and contribution on everything, from global aid  to fight off hunger and disease, to collective security.   While we can urge our allies, encourage our allies, and ask our  allies to make a greater contribution to their own defense, we should  not fall into the trap of diminishing what they are doing and what they  have done.   First of all, in Europe today, many of our NATO allies are increasing  their defense spending. They are doing so in response to Russia's  aggression in Ukraine and its increased aggression elsewhere in the  region. Their soldiers are joining ours in deploying to Central and  Eastern Europe to reassure our allies who are facing aggression and  potential aggression from Vladimir Putin.   With all this talk about NATO and money and how much everyone is  giving, I think it is important to take a moment to also understand  that our NATO allies have fought beside us and have died beside  Americans in Afghanistan, where more than 1,100 soldiers of the NATO- led coalition paid the ultimate price with their lives. It is important  to note this because on September 11, 2001, Paris was not attacked,  Berlin was not attacked, and London was not attacked on that horrible  day; yet these nations and others, our partners, invoked a shared  commitment that led them to stand beside us on the other side of the  world in an effort to prevent another attack like September 11 from  taking place again on American soil or anywhere in the world.   Montenegro is not even a member of NATO yet. Yet it sent hundreds of  servicemembers to join the American-led coalition in Afghanistan.   I have always argued that when our alliances, such as NATO, are under  pressure from our potential adversaries and foes, we need to continue  to expand and allow countries that meet the standards set by the  alliance to join. That has never been more important than it is now,  given the uncertainty and security challenges we face in Europe,  especially as Vladimir Putin continues his aggression and continues to  threaten stability in the region.   To be frank, Putin would love nothing more than to destroy NATO. In  fact, you can see him trying to do that on a regular basis. He has  tried to divide these countries, turn them against each other. He  supports candidates throughout Europe who would take their countries  out of NATO, constantly calling into question its viability. Vladimir  Putin wants countries like Montenegro to remain in his sphere of  influence and what I would call his sphere of threat, as his recent  attempts to deploy his asymmetrical tools to influence Montenegrin  politics have shown. That is why it is so important that we are moving  to ratify Montenegro's access to NATO and to strengthen our  relationship with Montenegro through NATO.   As the Senate and as a country, we are sending a clear message to  Vladimir Putin that we will not accept the establishment of a Russian  sphere of influence over countries that desire to  [[Page S1987]]  ally themselves with the free and democratic community of nations.   Today, I have tried to refrain from using the term ``Russian'' sphere  of influence or ``Russia'' because the fact is, as I said to someone  earlier today or yesterday, there is a difference between Russia and  Vladimir Putin, and the events of the last 48 hours remind us of that.  We are watching as many Russians who also desire to join the community  of nations have turned out in cities and in places across Moscow and in  other places in the thousands. They have turned out to protest the  rampant corruption that fuels the Putin regime. And the Putin regime,  as all totalitarian regimes do, has cracked down. They have arrested  and detained hundreds of peaceful protesters. I ask you to compare that  to Montenegro, whose membership in NATO will help the United States and  Montenegro deepen our already strong bilateral relationship.   The stakes here are extraordinarily high for the United States and  for our European allies. The Senate needs to send a strong message of  solidarity with those in Europe who are standing up to the anti- democratic tactics of Vladimir Putin and his cronies.   That is why today I will be proud to cast my vote in support of  Montenegro's accession into NATO, and I hope my colleagues here in the  Senate will do the same and join me in doing so as well.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   