 Mr. Speaker, the United States and our allies currently  face some of the most complex security challenges in our recent  history. ISIS continues to sweep across much of the Middle East. An  expansionist China continues to develop its military prowess in order  to counter the United States and its allies in the region. We continue  to face a nuclear threat posed by countries such as North Korea and  Iran; and an increasingly hostile Russia seeks to destabilize much of  Europe.   It is imperative that the Department of Defense not lose continuity  in leadership, administration, and governance. General Mattis must be  confirmed expeditiously. Such a lapse would create vulnerabilities in  our national security strategy and would be detrimental to the safety  and security of our Armed Forces.   Civilian control of military is undoubtedly crucial to the success  and health of our Defense Department. This candidate's military  experience alone should not bar him from serving in a civilian role as  the Secretary of Defense. It actually enhances the capabilities he  brings to the job. This is a unique exception for a candidate whose  exemplary leadership and experience would come at a crucial time for  our country and for our men and women in uniform.   I understand that many of our colleagues across the aisle are  choosing to vote against a waiver for General Mattis, despite the fact  that they support General Mattis himself as an eminently qualified  nominee for the Secretary of Defense. That is a mistake. To do so is  self-defeating.   Under these circumstances, a vote against the process by which  General Mattis is nominated is, in fact, a vote against General Mattis  himself from becoming our next Secretary of Defense.   I thank Chairman Thornberry for his leadership throughout these  important deliberations and for his work for obtaining this waiver for  General Mattis and for the future of the service of General Mattis to  our country.   I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support S. 84.   Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis).   Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I opposed similar legislation  in a markup yesterday, and I cannot support it today. My concerns are  not with the exceptional qualifications and decades of honorable  service of General Mattis, but I am opposed to a process that has made  this House irrelevant.   We have an obligation under the law to review this nomination based  on General Mattis' military service, a law that codified the principle  of civilian control of the military. General Mattis agreed, and was  even eager, according to the chairman, to speak before the Armed  Services Committee.   The people have the right to know that the Presidential transition  team blocked him from appearing. The American people, frankly, don't  care  [[Page H523]]  what unelected members of the transition team think and would much  rather hear from General Mattis on why we in the House should grant  this exception to law.   His testimony would be in all of our best interest. General Mattis  could certainly start the new relationship that he has with the House  Armed Services Committee, with our committee, through a thoughtful and  a productive conversation on the issues.   Today we are casting off our duty and agreeing to be irrelevant. To  accept this legislation without making the appropriate changes, without  fully participating in this legislative process, under a closed rule,  we are doing nothing to safeguard civilian control of our military. In  fact, we are accepting poorly drafted language, and we are not  performing proper oversight.   Why are we doing that?   Because the President-elect's transition team said so.   My colleagues have said that there is no requirement that General  Mattis speak before us, but I want to say to them: Why cede our power  to the Senate? Both houses of Congress have a duty here. Why let a  nascent administration push us and a distinguished general around?   I will not roll over and allow the transition team to dictate the  charge of the people's House. We can fix this, Mr. Speaker, and we  should.   