 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today to reiterate my support for  the resolution of disapproval related to the sale of certain defense  articles to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. While the resolution,  unfortunately, did not pass the Senate in a recent vote, I believe its  goals remain important.   The Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen is fueling a humanitarian  disaster. Over 10,000 people have died, and over 3 million people have  been displaced as the conflict has exacerbated poverty, famine, and  disease. According to UNICEF, the United Nations Children's Fund, a  cholera outbreak in Yemen could quadruple to infect 300,000 people in  the coming weeks. Half of the current cholera cases affect children,  and the ongoing conflict leaves few hospitals to turn to and almost no  medical supplies.   In addition to deaths related to famine and the outbreak of other  diseases, we are seeing civilian casualties as a direct result of Saudi  military action. Earlier this year at a Senate Armed Services Committee  hearing, I asked General Votel, the commander of U.S. Central Command,  which is responsible for the Middle East, to assess the cause of the  large number of civilian casualties in Yemen. General Votel responded:  ``I attribute those type situations more to the competence of the  forces that are operating there, and their ability to properly  target.''   I am concerned that even with the precision munitions the United  States  [[Page S3530]]  has sold to Saudi Arabia in the past, air strikes continue to hit  civilian targets. The number of civilian injuries and deaths shows that  there is simply not enough progress to reduce civilian casualties.   I could not in good conscience vote to support providing advanced  precision munitions--bombs capable of hitting targets guided by laser  targeting or GPS--to a campaign conducted by forces unable or unwilling  to limit strikes to targets of military necessity.   Civilian casualties are a tragedy, and they threaten to make us less  safe by radicalizing populations that otherwise would not be  sympathetic to violent extremist groups like al-Qaida. It is critical  that the U.S. military is certainly able to hunt down terrorists  wherever they operate or wherever they seek haven.   The deployment of remotely piloted aircraft has allowed for  persistent intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, which is  used to minimize the risk of civilian casualties. When the U.S.  military carries out air strikes, we know our men and women in uniform  are the best trained in the world and are informed by the best  available intelligence.   Precision-guided munitions alone do not avoid preventable tragedies.  It takes capable and fully trained personnel. This is what we must  expect from our partners for the sake of innocent civilians caught in  conflict zones and for our own national security. Failing to do so sets  back the potential for a political solution.   We simply should not send precision munitions or any weapons system  to any partner with personnel who are not capable or trained to use  them. That is why I supported the resolution of disapproval, which  specifically objects to the sale of three specific types of precision- guided munitions and related technology. While this measure failed, I  will continue to work as a member of the Armed Services Committee to  provide oversight and hold the Saudi Government and military  accountable.   