 Mr. President, I represent a generation of lawmakers  brought up on the principles of bipartisanship and compromise, and I  believe these very virtues are the key to my success as a legislator.  By putting these principles in practice as chairman of the Finance  Committee, I was able to pass more than 40 bills into law during the  last Congress, and by working with my friends across the aisle over  many decades of public service, I have been able to pass more  legislation than anyone alive today.   I draw from these personal experiences to illustrate a simple point:  In an era of endless gridlock and increasing polarization, there is no  alternative to civility and healthy debate. We would do well to  remember this in light of the frustrations we have all felt over the  past several months.   The Senate is capable of so much more than it is today. I know  because I have seen the Senate at its best, and I have seen the Senate  when regular order was the norm, when legislation was debated in  committee, and when Members worked constructively with one another for  the good of the country. I have seen the Senate when it truly lived up  to its reputation as the world's greatest deliberative body.   I believe we can again see this body at its best, but restoring the  Senate to its proper function requires real change on all sides. It  begins by recognizing that all of us here, Democrats and Republicans  alike, are to some extent culpable for the current dysfunction. If we  want to break free of the current gridlock and if we want to show the  American people we are serious about legislating, then we have to be  honest with ourselves, and we have to recognize that laying all the  blame on the other side is as counterproductive as it is disingenuous.   Most importantly, we must be willing to work in good faith with  Members of the opposite party. All too often, we miss the opportunity  to effect meaningful change by hiding behind partisan differences. We  must take the opposite course by renewing our efforts to reach across  the aisle to overcome division and forge consensus. There is no better  template for effective, bipartisan legislating.   This is the model I have followed for decades for the betterment of  Utah and the Nation, and it is the model I have followed most recently  in working with my dear friend Senator Coons to introduce the  International Communications Privacy Act, or what we affectionately  refer to as ICPA.   ICPA is more than just a commonsense proposal that updates law  enforcement for the modern age; it is a symbol of what our two parties  can accomplish when we lay aside petty differences and come together  for the good of our Nation. In crafting this proposal, Senator Coons  and I took great pains to strengthen international data privacy  protections while also enhancing law enforcement's ability to access  data across borders.   This issue has long been a priority of mine. I have spoken about it  at length both here on the Senate floor and in other venues and have  introduced legislation on the subject over multiple Congresses. Most  recently, I came to the Senate floor to explain how the rise of cloud  and remote network computing has transformed the way we store data and  to describe the implications of that transformation for our data  privacy laws.   Until relatively recently, most electronic data was housed in  personal computers or on servers located in offices or homes. This  meant that in order to access data, a person could simply go to the  relevant location and retrieve it. That is no longer the case.  Nowadays, much of our data is stored not on home or office computers  but in the cloud--a network of remote servers spread throughout the  world that allows us to access data from literally anywhere. Data  pertaining to a single individual or even to a single document may be  stored at multiple sites spread across countries or even continents.   This has profound implications for data privacy. To begin with, our  privacy laws require government officials to obtain a warrant before  they can access many types of electronic communications. Warrants,  however, traditionally have stopped at the warrant's edge. This means  that if a law enforcement agent is investigating a crime here in the  United States but a key piece of information is stored on a remote  server outside the United States, the agent may have significant  difficulty obtaining the information. Without a warrant or the ability  to get a warrant, the agent may have to use diplomatic channels to  obtain the information--a process that can be extremely slow and  cumbersome.  [[Page S4641]]    Our privacy laws also prohibit disclosure to foreign entities. This  means that when a foreign government is investigating a crime within  its borders and a key piece of information is stored in the United  States, the foreign government must likewise work through diplomatic  channels to obtain the information.   The growing prevalence of cloud and remote network computing has put  law enforcement into increasing conflict with these sorts of  restrictions. Crime knows no borders. A child pornographer in Bangalore  may post photos of an American victim on a British server which can be  accessed worldwide. A U.S. official investigating the crime may need  information stored on the British server in order to track down the  culprit. If the server was in the United States, the official could  simply issue a warrant. But that tool isn't available in this scenario  because the server is overseas.   Moreover, the United Kingdom may have a statute, similar to our own  law, that prohibits British service providers from disclosing  communications to foreign entities. Diplomatic channels exist for  sharing such data, but these channels are exceptionally slow and can  take months or even years to process requests. In the meantime, crimes  go unpunished and perpetrators disappear.   This state of affairs is simply not tenable. We cannot allow outdated  laws to hamstring law enforcement efforts in this way. At the same  time, we must adequately protect Americans' privacy against unwarranted  government intrusion.   Some have suggested that the answer is to simply extend the reach of  U.S. warrants worldwide. This, however, is not a viable solution as  foreign disclosure laws can and do conflict with U.S. laws. Extending  the reach of U.S. warrants without reasonable limits would thus place  service providers in the impossible position of having to choose which  country's laws to violate--ours or the foreign jurisdiction's.   What we need is a sensible regime with clear rules that determine  access based on factors that matter to the person whose data is being  sought. At the same time, we need to take proper account of the laws  and interests of other countries, especially our allies.   We ought to avoid, wherever possible, trampling on other nations'  sovereignty or ignoring their own citizens' legitimate claims to  privacy. Accordingly, ICPA sets clear rules for when and how U.S. law  enforcement can access electronic data based on the location and  nationality of the person whose data is being sought.   Here is what the bill says:   If a person is a U.S. national or is located in the United States,  law enforcement may compel disclosure, regardless of where the data is  stored, provided the data is accessible from a U.S. computer and law  enforcement uses proper criminal process.   If a person is not a U.S. national, however, and is not located in  the United States, then different rules apply. These rules are founded  on three principles: respect, comity, and reciprocity.   First, respect. If U.S. law enforcement wishes to access data  belonging to a non-U.S. national located outside the United States,  then U.S. law enforcement must first notify the person's country of  citizenship and provide that country an opportunity to object. This  shows respect to the other country and gives it an opportunity to  assert the privacy rights of its citizen.   Second, comity. If, after receiving notice, the other country lodges  an objection, a U.S. court undertakes a comity analysis to determine  whose interests should rightly prevail--the U.S. interests in obtaining  the data or the foreign interests in safeguarding the privacy of its  citizen. As a part of this analysis, the court considers such factors  as the location of the crime, the seriousness of the crime, the  importance of the data to the investigation, and the possibility of  accessing the data through other means.   Third, reciprocity. In order to receive notice and an opportunity to  object, the other country must provide reciprocal rights to the United  States. This ensures that the U.S. provides its own citizens an equal  or greater level of protection against foreign requests for data. It  also offers incentives to foreign governments to properly safeguard the  data of U.S. citizens within their borders.   Up to this point, I have been focusing on requests by U.S. law  enforcement for data stored outside the United States, but there is  another side to the problem, and that is what happens when foreign law  enforcement requests data stored inside the United States.   As I have mentioned, our privacy laws prohibit disclosure to foreign  entities. Suppose a British subject committed a crime in Britain but  data relevant to the investigation is stored in the United States. Even  if British law provides for extraterritorial process, a UK official  investigating the crime will be unable to obtain the data because U.S.  law prevents disclosure to foreign officials. As with U.S. requests for  data in other countries, diplomatic channels exist for sharing such  data, but these channels are slow and extremely cumbersome.    Accordingly, for the past several months, I have been working with  Senator Graham and others to find a solution for this second part of  the problem. Senator Graham, together with Senator Whitehouse, convened  a hearing in May of this year that I believe highlighted the need for  action. I have also met with Ambassadors and other high-ranking foreign  officials who have impressed upon me the challenges they are facing  under existing U.S. law.   I think we need to address this second side of the problem--foreign  requests for data in the United States--as well. We need to address it  in conjunction with the first side--U.S. requests for data in other  countries.   It will not do to give foreign authorities readier access to data  stored in the United States without likewise clarifying U.S. law  enforcement's ability to obtain data stored abroad. Similarly, it is  inconceivable to me that we would open our doors to foreign law  enforcement requests while telling U.S. law enforcement that data in  other countries is off-limits. Surely, we should not prefer foreign  criminal investigations over domestic ones.   I believe these two issues--ICPA and the bilateral United States- United Kingdom agreement--are inextricably linked. I have worked in  good faith with Senator Graham and with Senator Whitehouse to find a  path forward on these issues. It is my firm belief that we need to move  these two issues together. Everyone has a vested interest in privacy,  and everyone has a vested interest in bringing criminals to justice. We  are going to work together on this.   In closing, I would emphasize one additional point. The question of  whether, when, and under what circumstances the United States should  authorize law enforcement access to data stored abroad is a question  for Congress. There have been suggestions in some corridors that this  is a question for the courts to decide. I emphatically reject that  question. This is a policy question for Congress.   We should not defer to the courts' interpretation of a statute that  was passed 30 years ago with no thought or comprehension of the  situation we face today. Subject to constitutional constraints, it is  Congress's job to set the bounds of government's investigatory powers.  We decide what government officials can and cannot do. We should not  pass the buck to the judiciary merely because this is a complicated  issue. We shouldn't do that.   The International Communications Privacy Act provides critical  guidance to law enforcement while respecting the laws and interests of  our allies. It brings a set of simple, straightforward rules to a  chaotic area of the law and creates an example for other countries to  follow. It is a balanced approach and a smart approach, and it deserves  this body's full-throated support.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   