 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support the  confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to serve as an Associate Justice on the  Supreme Court of the United States. By any objective measure, Judge  Gorsuch is impeccably qualified. He is a graduate of  [[Page S2204]]  Columbia University and the Harvard Law School and was awarded a  doctorate from Oxford. He is a former law clerk for the legendary  Justice Byron White, as well as for Justice Kennedy. He has been a  respected Federal appellate judge for a decade. Judge Gorsuch has spent  a lifetime in the law, and his record indicates he will make an  exemplary Justice.   Just 2 weeks ago, Judge Gorsuch testified for 20 hours before the  Senate Judiciary Committee. His conduct during the hearing only further  confirmed what his record demonstrates: that Neil Gorsuch is a  principled jurist and a good man. And I was glad for all of us to get  that confirmation because Judge Gorsuch bears a heavy responsibility-- he is being asked to fill the seat of Justice Antonin Scalia. In truth,  I doubt anyone could truly fill Justice Scalia's shoes. Justice Scalia  was one of a kind, and his enormous impact on the law and on the Court  will impact this Nation for generations to come.   All of us miss him dearly, but I take solace in the knowledge that  one of the ways in which I believe it will be easiest for Judge Gorsuch  to imitate Scalia--perhaps the most important way--is judicial  humility. Justice Scalia's greatest strength was not his amazing wit,  his mighty pen, or his larger-than-life personality, as much as we  loved those parts of him; rather, it was his consistent unwillingness  to accumulate power to himself and to the courts. He refused to impose  his own personal policy preferences on the law but instead understood  that his role as a judge was simply to apply the law that the elected  representatives of the people had enacted.   This type of judging doesn't take otherworldly talents, although  Scalia had that in abundance; instead, it takes character, integrity,  and humility. Judge Gorsuch's lengthy record and his hearing testimony  demonstrate that he has those attributes as well. He understands that  his role as a judge is to apply the words of the Constitution and the  laws of the United States to the specific cases that come before him,  and nothing more. This is critical in an era when the Supreme Court has  come to be seen by many--for good reason--as an activist Court, as a  superlegislature that seeks to impose its own will in the place of the  written law.   It is this very humility that angers so many on the left. They don't  want someone who humbly applies the law; rather, they demand nothing  less than a person fully committed to enacting from the Supreme Court  bench whatever policies the left is championing at that given moment,  because they know their only refuge is the courts because the American  people would reject the policies at the voting booth. Judge Gorsuch is  clearly not that kind of person, so they have committed to opposing his  confirmation by whatever means necessary, legitimate or not.   Indeed, if this were being decided on qualifications and record,  Judge Gorsuch would be confirmed unanimously. We don't have to  hypothesize about that because Judge Gorsuch has already been confirmed  by this body a decade ago by voice vote, without recorded dissent. Not  a single Senator objected--not Ted Kennedy, not Hillary Clinton, not  Barack Obama, not Joe Biden, and not even Democratic Members who still  serve in this Chamber, like Chuck Schumer, Dianne Feinstein, Pat Leahy,  or Dick Durbin. Not one of them spoke out against Gorsuch's nomination  to the court of appeals--not one.   So what changed? The only thing that changed is that the radical left  has become angry, extremely angry, and my Democratic colleagues are  worried they will get opposed from their left in a primary. That is it.  Their base demands total war, total obstruction, and they are  begrudgingly bowing to this demand.   Unfortunately for them, it has proven difficult to invent attacks  against an obviously well-qualified judge like Judge Gorsuch. My  Democratic colleagues couldn't get any legitimate grievance to stick at  the hearings last week, despite their best efforts, but it hasn't  stopped them from repeating their outlandish attacks over and over  again. If the stakes weren't so high, it might even be humorous, but it  isn't really funny because the primary argument the Democrats have made  is dangerous. Their attack on Neil Gorsuch is a direct attack on the  rule of law itself.   Contrary to the very foundations of our government and legal system,  my colleagues from across the aisle are arguing that Judge Gorsuch is  unqualified to be a Justice because he allegedly failed to side with  the ``little guy'' over the ``big guy.'' In their view, it is now the  job of judges to reject equal protection, to take the blindfold off of  Lady Justice, and instead judges should put their thumbs on the scales  to actively discriminate against parties based on their identity.   This notion of partisan, results-oriented judging is directly  contrary to the constitutional system we have in this country. My  Democratic colleagues are openly calling for judges to enforce their  own political preferences from the bench, and they want to use a  person's willingness or unwillingness to do so as a litmus test for who  gets on the Court. This isn't even a jurisprudential position, it is a  political position. And it is difficult to imagine a more effective way  to destroy our judicial system--the best in the world, despite its  flaws--than to adopt this results-oriented approach.   Make no mistake, the Democrats' trumpeting of outcome-based judging  will have consequences. Judges and potential judges nationwide will now  have heard their siren call. You want smooth sailing in a confirmation  hearing from the Democrats? Ignore the law, ignore the facts, and pick  sides based upon whom you sympathize with--whoever is politically  correct at that moment in time. My Democratic colleagues claim to  detest attacks on the independent judiciary, but there aren't many  attacks more dangerous and chilling of true independence and  impartiality than the one they are making now.   The public--the people who appear in court seeking an honest  tribunal--have also heard this open call for bias, for prejudice, for  discrimination, and I doubt they will soon forget.   Luckily, Judge Gorsuch stood firm in his confirmation hearing. He  reaffirmed what was clear from his record--that he will not legislate  his own policy preferences from the bench and that he will respect the  limited role a judge plays in our constitutional structure. He did all  of this in the face of unrelenting opposition from my Democratic  colleagues who demanded that he violate his judicial oath and swear to  decide certain cases and political questions in a way that they would  prefer. No recent nominee to the Supreme Court has ever made such  pledges, and Judge Gorsuch rightfully refused to do so last week.   Their demands of Judge Gorsuch were particularly galling given that  this was the most transparent process in history for selecting a  Supreme Court Justice. During the campaign, Donald Trump promised the  American people that, if elected, he would choose a Justice in the mold  of Justice Scalia. He laid out a specific list of 21 potential  nominees, including Judge Gorsuch. The voters were able to see  precisely whom President Trump would nominate, and they were able to  decide for themselves if that was the future they wanted for the  Supreme Court.   Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, promised a very different kind of  Justice. She promised a liberal judicial activist who would vote to  undermine free speech, to undermine religious liberty, and to undermine  the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms.   In a very real sense, this election was a referendum on the Supreme  Court. The American people could decide for themselves between a  faithful originalist vision of the Constitution or a progressive,  liberal, activist vision, and the voters chose.   Donald Trump is now President Trump, and he has kept his promise to  the American people, selecting Judge Neil Gorsuch from that list of 21  judges. Judge Gorsuch is no ordinary nominee. Because of this unique  and transparent process, unprecedented in our Nation's history, his  nomination carries with it a kind of super-legitimacy in that it has  been ratified by the American people at the voting booth. Neil Gorsuch  is not simply the President's nominee. It is the direction chosen by  the American people, and I urge my colleagues to confirm him.    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Jersey.   