 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 306, the Energy  Efficient Government Technology Act, sponsored by the committee. It is  also bipartisan, as my colleague from California mentioned, sponsored  by Ms. Eshoo and Mr. Kinzinger of Illinois.    H.R. 306 promotes the use of energy efficiency and energy savings  information technologies and practices across the Federal Government,  especially in data centers.   The bill amends the Energy Independence Act of 2007 to require  Federal agencies to coordinate with the OMB, DOE, and EPA in developing  an implementation strategy for the maintenance, purchase, and use of  energy efficiency and energy savings information technology.   Ten percent of Federal electricity is consumed by Federal energy  centers. H.R. 306 aims to keep that at 10 percent or even to reduce it.   The legislation also sets out specific items for consideration in  developing an implementation strategy that requires the establishment  of performance goals for evaluating agencies' efforts. In addition, the  bill would amend the 2007 act to require the DOE and EPA to collaborate  with stakeholders in the implementation of data centers, efficiency  programs, and other measures to improve data center energy efficiency.   Again, the legislation was passed by the House without dissent last  year as stand-alone legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it.   I commend my colleagues Ms. Eshoo and Mr. Kinzinger.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First of all, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Oregon on his  new chairmanship. I look forward to working across the aisle on most of  the issues. It is a good bipartisan subcommittee. I think we have a lot  to accomplish.   The Small Business Broadband Deployment Act, H.R. 288, unanimously  passed the House last Congress on a bipartisan vote, unanimous. H.R.  288 provides a 5-year exemption from the FCC's enhanced transparency  rules for small Internet service providers that serve 250,000 or fewer  subscribers.   This exemption comes with the understanding that there is a 5-year  sunset on the exemption and that the FCC report to Congress with  sufficient information to help us better understand the impacts on the  consumers of a permanent exemption, of a possible permanent exemption.  This data will also better inform us whether a longer term exemption is  necessary and whether we got the definition of what a small business is  right in this case.   It is also worth noting that H.R. 288 would leave intact the FCC's  2010 transparency rules that consumers have come to rely on, such as  what they are paying for, Internet speeds they rely on, data quality,  and so on. At the same time, these modifications provide certainty for  small ISPs while the FCC collects and reports relevant information to  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the chairman for  his work on this and for his willingness to  [[Page H270]]  compromise. As he pointed out, it was a process. It took both sides. I  think he wanted permanent exemption, we wanted a less exemption, and it  worked out. I think it is the right compromise. Five years gives  businesses the predictability they need. It is a good place to be. In 5  years, we will see the report and whether it makes sense to continue  the exemption or not.   I also want to take this opportunity to congratulate my colleague  from Tennessee on assuming the chairmanship of the subcommittee. I look  forward to our working together.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just want to say that the  bill passed unanimously in the last Congress. It is bipartisan. It  gives small ISP providers a certain amount of time and it allows the  FCC to decide if it is overburdensome or not, to require them to  disclose information to their customers. This allows us to give  customers the amount of protection that is due them as well.   So it is a good compromise. I urge all of my colleagues to support  it.   I thank my colleagues for their hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   