 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I understand the administration intends  to submit its first request for disaster aid for Puerto Rico and the  U.S. Virgin Islands today. It is a good first step, but it is just the  start of the financial aid we will need to provide to the American  citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.   I urge my colleagues to work quickly to add additional and urgent  funding for recovery, like community development block grant dollars,  just as we did for Texas after Hurricane Harvey, with the understanding  that an additional and more comprehensive request for Puerto Rico, the  Virgin Islands, Florida, Texas, and the western wildfires will be  coming from the administration once the damage assessments are  complete.    I urge my colleagues to look in the Record and see how  it affects them. You are fooling yourself if you think that you are not  affected by the State and local deductibility.   Of course, if you are a family of four in one of those States, the  repeal of State and local could be a killer because, again, you would  lose the personal exemption. The larger the family, the greater the  loss of exemption.   I want to make one final point on tax reform. This is related to two  people whom I know, and I knew one of them before he ever arrived in  Washington. I have to make this point because what I heard them say  over the weekend just turned my stomach. It was astounding. It was  awful.   Over the weekend, we heard some pretty extraordinary claims from  Republican legislators and Cabinet officials about what the GOP tax  plan was all about, but Gary Cohn and Secretary of the Treasury Steve  Mnuchin deserve a special admonition.   Chief White House economic adviser Gary Cohn actually said: ``The  wealthy are not getting a tax cut under our plan.'' That is not a  surmising of what he said; that is a direct quote. ``The wealthy are  not getting a tax cut under our plan.'' Comments like that should make  everyone's head spin. According to the Tax Policy Center, the top 1  percent would reap 80 percent of the benefits of the GOP plan. The top  0.1 percent--the folks who make more than $5 million a year--would get  a break of more than $1 million a year.   Some might argue, of course, that it will cause economic growth. I do  not think that it will, but at least make your real argument. Do not  hide it. You know that the American people do not agree with you. That  is why you hide it.   Only in Wonderland, where down is up and up is down, could Gary  Cohn's comments be believed. It is something like out of the Ministry  of Truth from George Orwell's ``1984,'' which would be to cut the top  rate by 4 percent and repeal the estate tax--yes, no tax cuts for the  wealthy. Bunk. It is why the Washington Post gave Gary Cohn four  Pinocchios for his statement. If they had allowed more Pinocchios on  the scale, I am sure he would have gotten them. He earned them,  unfortunately.   What about Secretary Mnuchin? His lack of credibility resembles Gary  Cohn's. He said that he believes the GOP plan would reduce deficits by  $1 trillion. ``We think there will be $2 trillion of growth. So we  think this tax plan will cut the deficits by a trillion dollars.''  Mnuchin's claim is fake math at its worst. As was written in the  Washington Post, no serious economist, liberal or conservative,  believes that a tax cut boosts economic growth so much that the tax cut  pays for itself, let alone adds $1 trillion in revenue as Mnuchin  claims. Four Pinocchios were given by the Washington Post. I am sure  that he too--Steve Mnuchin--would have earned more Pinocchios.   Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin claim to be economic experts, and they  both used to work at Goldman Sachs. If they had used this kind of math  at Goldman Sachs, they would have been shown the door a long time ago.  As I said before, they should know better, and they do know better.  They ought to stop deliberately misleading the American people. It  demeans them. It demeans the administration. It demeans the debate in  this country.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time during the  quorum calls be divided equally between both sides.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   