 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New York, our  very distinguished ranking member.   I rise today in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and  Modernization of Sanctions Act. I am pleased to cosponsor this bill, an  act that updates and expands the North Korea sanctions policy that was  enacted just last year. It is undeniable that North Korea's nuclear and  ballistic missile programs have accelerated in recent years. In 2016  alone, the regime conducted two nuclear tests and more than 20 missile  tests.   In response to this threat, the U.S. helped negotiate the passage of  the U.N. Security Council Resolutions 2270 and 2231 to strengthen U.N.  sanctions against the regime. H.R. 1644 builds on those Security  Council resolutions by expanding mandatory and discretionary sanctions  and authorizing new sanctions provisions related to evasion and the use  of North Korean exported labor, correspondent banking, and trade in  oil, textiles, food, and agricultural products.   For example, if someone knowingly transfers significant amounts of  jet fuel to North Korea, then the President could freeze that person's  assets that come within the jurisdiction of the United States. Vessels  that use North Korean ports will be banned from entering U.S. waters or  using U.S. ports. The bill also establishes restrictions on the use of  foreign assistance to any country that violates these provisions.   I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their  leadership and for including my amendment, which will ensure that U.S.  sanctions against North Korea do not impede the provision of vital U.S.  assistance to developing countries for maternal and child health,  disease prevention, and response.   U.S. sanctions are necessary, but they are not a complete tool to  address the threat of North Korea's impending nuclear development  program. The U.S. must undertake a rigorous diplomatic effort to urge  the global community, and China in particular, to use their goodwill,  their leverage to enforce international sanctions and to get North  Korea back to the negotiating table.   The Korean Peninsula remains one of the most dangerous flash points  in the world. President Trump, sadly, I think has escalated regional  tensions by sending mixed signals about the location of U.S. military  assets, about his views, as the ranking member said, about Kim Jong-un,  and about how best the United States ought to respond that we are going  to disabuse ourselves of the previous policy which seems to mean the  only policy left is kinetic, a military option. I don't think that  makes anything better on the Korean Peninsula.   I thank the leaders for this effort. I think it is the right way to  go. I support it fully.   