 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3003. This  legislation would withhold needed law enforcement funding from cities  that choose not to assist Federal authorities in enforcing the  immigration laws.   Besides being constitutionally suspect, this bill is also highly  counterproductive. Recognizing that good policing depends on building  trust with their residents, many cities forbid their law enforcement  officers from questioning victims of crime or witnesses to a crime  about their immigration status, and they do not share immigration  information with Federal authorities.   They believe that their communities are at greater risk when a victim  of domestic violence is afraid to ask the police for protection from  her abuser for fear of deportation, or when witnesses to a murder  refuse to assist law enforcement in tracking down the perpetrator  because they are afraid their immigration status will be discovered.   These cities have concluded that taking on themselves the Federal  responsibility to enforce immigration laws would destroy trust between  immigrants and local law enforcement, which would make everyone less  safe.   Perversely, this bill would punish these cities by denying them the  funds that they need to protect public safety. Funding to hire new  police officers, grants to combat the opioid crisis, and money to  reduce the rape kit backlog could all be taken away under this bill.  Not only does this raise serious constitutional concerns, it is simply  bad policy that will lead to more crime, not less.   As if this were not bad enough, the bill would also authorize  mandatory indefinite detention of certain categories of immigrants  without sufficient due process even if they present no danger to their  communities.   Indefinite detention is repugnant to our values of fairness and  individual liberty, but this bill perpetuates the ugly myth that  immigrants are more dangerous and likely to commit more crimes than  native-born Americans, and it erodes the fundamental protections that  we guarantee to all who are present in this country.   Instead of taking positive steps to improve communication between  Federal, State, and local authorities, this bill demonizes immigrants,  punishes communities that seek to build trust between immigrants and  law enforcement, and authorizes indefinite detention of certain  immigrants, all while making us less safe.   For each of these reasons, this bill should be defeated, and I urge  my colleagues to vote ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. This  draconian legislation would dramatically expand the penalties for  illegal reentry into the United States, even for people who have  committed minor and nonviolent offenses.   Although most people who illegally reenter the country do so to  reunite with their families or to flee violence or persecution, this  bill considers them all dangerous criminals who deserve lengthy prison  sentences.   This bill is nothing less than fearmongering, based on the widely  debunked myth that immigrants commit crimes at a higher rate than  native-born Americans when, in fact, we know it is just the opposite.   Let me tell you about one of these supposed dangerous criminals who  was mercifully released from ICE custody just yesterday, after 4 months  in detention.   In 1986, 17-year-old Carlos Cardona illegally entered the United  States, having fled threats of violence in his native Colombia. At age  21, he made a foolish mistake and committed a nonviolent drug offense.  He served 45 days in prison, and, ever since then, for the last 27  years, he has lived a crime-free and a productive life as an active  member of his community in Queens, New York.   Not only that, after the September 11 attacks on this country, he  volunteered as a recovery worker at Ground Zero. Like so many other  workers there, due to his sacrifice, he developed acute respiratory  issues from the toxic fumes and other illnesses that have put his life  in jeopardy.   Unfortunately, although he is married to an American citizen, he was  unable to adjust his immigration status because of his decades-old  conviction. However, he was allowed to stay in the country in  recognition of his services after 9/11, as long as he checked in  periodically with immigration authorities, which he did.   But shortly after President Trump took office, Mr. Cardona was  detained after appearing for a routine appointment with ICE, and he was  placed in deportation proceedings and in custody. It was only thanks to  a major public campaign and the compassion of Governor Cuomo, who  pardoned his almost 30-year-old drug conviction, that he was released.   Under this legislation, had Mr. Cardona been deported and then  illegally reentered the country to see his wife and daughter, he would  face up to 10 years in prison because of his decades-old prior  conviction. Even if he presented himself to border agents and sought  asylum, on the reasonable basis that he had reasonable fears because,  in fact, two of his brothers back in Colombia have been murdered, he  would still be subject to prosecution and massive penalties, just for  appearing at the border.   This is both callous and irrational. This bill would dramatically  expand the mass incarceration of immigrants, even for those with minor  offenses and those who simply seek refuge in our country.   It serves no purpose, increases no one's safety, and I urge my  colleagues to oppose this cruel legislation.   