 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that following  the remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin, the Senate stand in recess  subject to the call of the chair.    Mr. President, I want to talk about the importance of  passing this tax reform legislation for the people of Colorado. What we  have is an opportunity to see real wage growth in this country-- something we haven't seen for far too long. Over the past decade, I  think people who are on both sides of the aisle have recognized that  while there might be some economic job activity, job creation taking  place, while we might see some low economic unemployment numbers in  States like Colorado, what we haven't seen is the kind of wage growth  we know we can create.   Under the analysis done by nonpartisan think tanks in Colorado, they  [[Page S7670]]  estimate that wages would grow--after-tax income--by over $3,000. That  is incredible wage growth for families who many people estimate and who  other economists have said could see a financial hardship if they were  asked to come up with $400. In fact, we know that if over one-third of  people in America had to come up with $400 today, it would create a  financial crisis in their household.   We heard our colleague from Pennsylvania and our colleague from South  Dakota talking about the fact that a family earning a median household  income of $73,000 would see a 60-percent reduction in their taxes next  year. A single parent with a child, earning $41,000 a year, would see a  75-percent tax cut.   Let me read a headline from a story in Colorado. The headline of this  article is ``How Tax Reform Can Empower This Drive-in Theater Owner to  Expand Her Business.'' What she is talking about is the fact that if  she sees lower taxes at the 88 Drive-in--that is an iconic drive-in in  Commerce City, CO. If you see this drive-in, you will know exactly--it  is iconic on the landscape. She believes that if her taxes are lower,  she will be able to move forward and buy the property next door, which  will allow her to expand her business. She talks about the fact that  she has to turn people away because so many people are going to it and  they don't have enough room. She wants to expand, but she is held back  by our uncompetitive Tax Code. If we cut taxes, she will be able to buy  land, expand the business, and create more jobs. It is a greater  opportunity for her, her family, and the people of Colorado.   This is really an opportunity to see the kind of growth and wage  growth that we haven't seen in this country for far too long.   I have held several roundtables on taxes throughout the Eastern  Plains of Colorado, where I live. People are worried about their income  because they haven't seen the kind of economic growth, the numbers in  employment growth that they have in the Front Range, in Denver. I have  held roundtables on the Western Slope of Colorado, in Southern  Colorado, Northern Colorado, and they are all very worried about a  country that is not as competitive as it used to be. They know that  with a competitive tax code, they would see those jobs and investment  come back into this country once again.   People in Pueblo, CO, know they need jobs brought back into their  community because while many areas of Colorado have seen very low  unemployment rates, they haven't seen the kind of growth other areas  have. They know that with a competitive tax code that brings jobs and  money back from overseas, that will provide real relief to a single  parent with a child at home and to a family of four working hard to  make ends meet. They are going to pay less taxes next year as a result.  They are going to be able to spend the money they want to in Pueblo,  CO, to put it into an investment that they want to in Brighton, CO. It  will be an investment that somebody in Craig, CO, wants to have. That  is what they are focused on. They want to get the money into their  pockets. They earned it. They should keep it, not Washington, DC, where  they make bad decisions on how to spend their hard-earned dollars.   To my colleagues who oppose this bill, we have talked about the  opportunities for the American people to see real wage growth. This  bill does it. We talked about the opportunity to bring jobs back from  overseas. This bill does it. We talked about the opportunity to get  businesses hiring again and expanding. Nonpartisan estimates show that  this bill would create nearly 1 million jobs--new jobs created by this  bill. It is a great opportunity for us, and I thank the people who have  worked so hard on this bill, my colleagues in South Dakota,  Pennsylvania, and others.   Mr. President, I yield back my time.   