 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator  from Illinois be recognized for up to 2 minutes and then, following  that, that I be recognized, and then, following that, Senator  Gillibrand.    Mr. President, I believe I am recognized and have the  floor.  [[Page S5721]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority whip is recognized.    Mr. President, the men and women of our military defend  us on a daily basis without a doubt, but now, today, is our time to do  the same for them.   One thing I cannot defend is how we continue to tie our own hands  when it comes to funding the U.S. military.   This week we are considering, of course, the Defense Authorization  Act that will help ensure that our military has the resources it needs  to achieve the mission of today and rise to the challenges of tomorrow,  but there is a fundamental problem with the way we equip the men and  women we task with defending us. It is called sequestration. The  sequester was called for by the Budget Control Act, which puts annual  caps on defense and nondefense discretionary spending, and enforces  those caps with a kind of budget cleaver. In other words, any spending  that exceeds the caps automatically gets axed.   That sounds like a good idea in the abstract. Who doesn't want to  treat our addiction to spending? Who doesn't want to put the Federal  Government on a diet? I certainly do, but I am not willing to sacrifice  our national security and the No. 1 priority of the Federal Government  when it comes to providing for our mutual defense. In the words of the  junior Senator from Arkansas, himself a veteran, he said: ``Rather than  attack America's spending problem at its root, the law only clipped a  few stray leaves off the branches.''   If we are going to be serious about reducing our deficit, we must  address our budget priorities by looking at and addressing all  government spending, not just the 30 percent or so that is  discretionary. The reason we are not serious about dealing with our  looming deficits and debt is not because of defense spending, it is  because of mandatory entitlement spending, which is the political third  rail of our government, and politicians are so afraid to deal with that  mandatory spending that we cut defense spending into the muscle, to the  bone, and it leads to the sort of dangers the Senator from Arizona  talked about, in terms of a lack of readiness and training.   The caps in sequester, mind you, do not represent any defense policy;  instead, they were driven by our failure to get serious about the real  budget threat: explosive growth in government-funded entitlement  programs. Appropriated necessary funding for our Armed Forces should  not be held hostage because of our inability to tighten our belts in  other areas where the real runaway growth has occurred. It is past time  to annually pass appropriations to fund the Department of Defense. It  is past time to objectively assess and fund the actual and ever- changing defense needs of our country.   What are the results of the Budget Control Act? Well, we are not  really saving money, but we are wasting time. We repeatedly raise the  Budget Control Act's budget caps at the last minute, meaning they  really don't keep spending down. Meanwhile, our military's ability to  plan and forecast is severely hampered. When you can't plan, you are  not ready, and it is no exaggeration to say that we now find ourselves  in a true state of a readiness crisis. Our military, already under  great stress and stretched thin around the world, has suffered from 15  years of continued operations, budgetary restrictions, and deferred  investment.   According to General Walters, the Assistant Commandant of the Marine  Corps, more than half of the Marines' fixed- and rotary-winged aircraft  were unable to fly at the end of 2016--more than half of the Marines'  fixed- and rotary-winged aircraft were unable to fly at the end of  2016. That is outrageous. The Navy fleet currently stands at 277 of the  350-ship requirement.   The Air Force had 134 fighter squadrons in 1991, when we drove Saddam  Hussein out of Kuwait. Now it has only 55--in 2017, 55, and in 1991,  134, and we have 1,500 fewer fighter pilots than we need.   Heather Wilson, Secretary of the Air Force, put it earlier this week,  when she said, ``We have been doing too much with too little for too  long.'' We need to hear these words, and we need to remember how they  spell out in the real world--how they affect our sailors, our pilots,  and our troops on the ground.   This summer, the Nation mourned 42 servicemembers who died in  accidents related to readiness challenges. Mr. McCain, the Senator from  Arizona, the distinguished chairman of the Armed Services Committee,  pointed out the death of 17 sailors aboard the USS John S. McCain and  USS Fitzgerald alone, plus other separate actions claimed the lives of  19 marines and 6 soldiers.   Meanwhile, the world has not become a safer, more peaceful place. We  keep trying to cash that peace dividend, but there is no peace. In  fact, when our adversaries see us retreating from our commitment to  fund, equip, and train our military, it is a provocation. They see an  opportunity, whether it is Vladimir Putin in Crimea, Ukraine, or China  in the South China Sea, or Kim Jong Un in North Korea, they see our  retreat, in terms of our financial commitment to support and train our  military, as a provocation and an invitation for them to fill the void.   I am reminded of a sobering quote from the former Director of  National Intelligence during a hearing last year. Former Director James  Clapper said: ``In my time in the intelligence business''--and he  served for 50 years in the intelligence business--``I don't recall a  time when we have been confronted with a more diverse array of  threats.''   In 50 years, he didn't recall us being confronted with a more diverse  array of threats. On top of these threats, never before has our country  been at war for such an extended period of time, and never before have  we done so much with an All-Volunteer military force strained by  repeated deployments while defense spending was cut nearly 15 percent  over the last 8 years under the previous administration.   So here is what I say. Let's pass the national defense authorization  bill, which authorizes $700 billion for our Nation's defense. Let's  give our troops the pay raise they deserve. Let's address our readiness  problems by authorizing increases in the overall number of soldiers and  marines. When doing that, let's also do away with the sequester on  defense spending. Reductions to defense spending should be targeted-- think scalpel, not meat cleaver--and our focus on cutting should be  where the bulk of our spending is: outside of the military on mandatory  spending, growing at a rate in excess of 5 percent a year, out of  control and threatening the solvency of these important safety net  programs.   Colleagues, while we take the fight to ISIS, while we seek to deter  aggression in the Pacific and support our emergency responders here at  home, including the military, we can't postpone our problems. Our  challenges can't be postponed and are not disappearing.   As I said a moment ago, our adversaries are watching closely and  modernizing while at home our readiness wavers. Sequestration causes  our aircraft to age, our soldiers to tire, and our national security to  deteriorate. Trouble is not going to wait on us getting our act  together. Whether our military is ready or not, here it comes.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea''.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson), the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Toomey).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Toomey)  would have voted ``yea''.   