 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, the  chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Mr. Frelinghuysen, for  his incredible and tenacious work to bring us this legislation.   By the way, all 12 appropriations bills have already been passed by  the House individually and sent to the Senate.   A vote against the CR is a vote to shut down the government. It is  that simple. Today is the day we keep the government operating. We are  not going to take the irresponsible path of voting to shut it down.   I stand here in support of the continuing resolution. This  legislation before us today not only keeps the doors of the Federal  Government open and the services to our constituents available, but  also provides short-term funding for the State Children's Health  Insurance Program, also known as CHIP.   This program provides vital health coverage for approximately 9  million children nationwide. So, when my colleagues on other side vote  ``no,'' know that they are also voting against these 9 million children  who need access to this health insurance.   While I am glad we have this short-term funding, I, too, am  disappointed to stand here today without Congress having completed its  work to fully fund CHIP for the next 5 years. We did that in the House  on a bipartisan basis.   This bill also provides critical short-term funding for community  health centers. They are essential. In my district, 63 different  facilities take care of men, women, and children in the community  health center network. It takes care of teaching health center graduate  medical education and special diabetes programs as well. So a ``no''  vote today is against all of those programs.   It is worth noting yet again that the House passed a comprehensive  bill, the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act, in November. It was a  bipartisan vote. It will fund the CHIP program for a full 5 years.  Community health centers will be funded for 2 years, and the other  public health programs will be funded for 2 years.   It would also prevent billions of dollars of cuts to our safety net  hospitals. Those cuts will be triggered in January because of inaction  in the Senate.   Unfortunately, our friends on the other side of the Capitol have yet  to move our bill or reach full agreement on some different combination  of offsets to pay for extending these important programs. This is  disappointing since it means Congress has not yet been able to provide  certainty to families across Oregon and the country who rely on these  vital programs.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Hultgren). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    We are well past the time in which we should have had  this done. The Energy and Commerce Committee has acted. The U.S. House  of Representatives has acted. The Senate Finance Committee has acted.  But the full Senate has yet to do so.   I know that Chairman Hatch and Ranking Member Pallone believe this  must be done as soon as possible. We have been working closely  together, along with my fellow Oregonian, Senator Ron Wyden, to figure  out how to get a bill to fund CHIP and public health extenders across  the finish line. So, while we are frustrated we will not complete our  work today, we are determined to continue to work with my colleagues to  get this done early in January.   I urge my colleagues to support the CR and these necessary funding  extensions.   