 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman  Gallego for that terrific presentation. We are also joined today by  Congressman Raskin, who will be part of our dialogue as well.   Today is Thursday. That means we all need to ask: Why does Jared  Kushner still have a security clearance? He already submitted two false  ones. But I digress. We are actually going to talk about three other  problems in the White House, one of which is Secretary Price.   To my left is a picture of the private jet that Secretary Price flew  on at taxpayers' expense. But in addition to Secretary Price, we also  have Secretary Mnuchin, who flew on a government jet with his wife to  Kentucky in order to watch the eclipse. Now, I get that was a pretty  cool thing to do, but you shouldn't be using taxpayer funds to do that.   And then we have got EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, which, according  to media reports, spent $58,000 on noncommercial flights to go to  different places. With $58,000, you can do a lot with that. VoteVets  put out a release today saying that with $58,000 you could hire a VA  spinal cord specialist at the Syracuse VA, a nurse for 1 year. Then  Secretary Price spent over $400,000 of your money, and that is a lot of  spinal cord specialists.   So we are talking about raiding the public funds and raiding the  public trust. That is why I have introduced the SWAMP FLYERS Act, and  what this act will do is stop this from happening in the future. It  will prohibit senior Cabinet officials from using noncommercial  flights, unless they certify, under penalty of perjury, that no  commercial flights were available.   So in this case, you had Secretary Price, for example, flying from  here to Nashville. I guarantee you there were lots of commercial  flights. There was no reason he had to take a noncommercial flight.    In addition to what we are seeing with these three Cabinet officials,  we do have sort of this culture of corruption that really needs to stop  because this flows from the top. With the President, what we have now  is the President staying at all these properties, private properties  that are his or owned by his family, and then he comes with this  massive entourage of Secret Service and other folks, and they are  paying money to these properties to stay there, to eat there, and all  of that money flows back to the Trump organization. So the President is  enriching himself and his family at taxpayers' expense. It is no wonder  that we have got these three Cabinet officials doing these insane  things with taxpayers' funds.   Now we have got a Republican Congress unwilling to do oversight on  this. You have got Speaker Ryan recently going on TV saying that he  thinks that the present administration is doing great. Well, you can't  have this kind of taxpayer waste when you have got the public trust at  issue.   We also have responses from these departments that are deeply  troubling. So the Treasury Department, in response to what Secretary  Mnuchin was doing, in addition to his noncommercial travel to Kentucky  to watch the eclipse, he also asked if the Air Force could fly him and  his wife on their honeymoon. The answer is no, you can't do that.   Now the response from the Department was, well, he needed to have  secure communications. Well, that was the wrong response. I can  guarantee you there are other ways of getting secure communications  other than to have the Air Force fly you around on your honeymoon.   With Secretary Price, again, the Department gave the wrong response.  They said, well, Secretary Price needs to go around meeting Americans,  and he shouldn't be waiting 4 hours at the airport. Wrong response.  Yes, he should be waiting 4 hours at the airport because that is what  other Americans do. And I can guarantee you no American flies for  $25,000 to meet other Americans. Again, the wrong response from that  Department.   What we need is to have these three Cabinet officials apologize. I  joined with Ruben Gallego, as well as Jamie Raskin and other Members  yesterday in a letter to ask for Price to resign, and all of us are  also coauthors of the SWAMP FLYERS Act.   What we need now is really for the public to get engaged because what  we are seeing is fraud, waste, and abuse with multiple members of the  Trump Cabinet.    I fly about three times a month, and I  generally fly from Dulles back to LAX in my district, and I fly  commercial.    It is about 5 hours to 5\1/2\ hours,  depending on the wind.    No.    No. If I did that, I would be the subject  of an immediate congressional ethics investigation.    That is a great point because what  Secretary Price, and Mnuchin, and EPA Administrator Pruitt did was not  only disrespectful to taxpayers, there were violations of the Federal  regulations. So I am just going to read to you what the Federal  regulation says. It says, ``Your agency must select the method most  advantageous to the government,'' when considering travel.   Advantageous to the government, not to Secretary Price, or Mnuchin,  or EPA Administrator Pruitt. They violated that Federal regulation  straight up. That is why Tom Price is under Federal investigation. That  is why the IG is investigating Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, and now we  call on an investigation of EPA Administrator Pruitt as well for  violating the Federal regulations.    Let me again conclude by thanking  Congressman Gallego and Congressman Raskin for highlighting this issue  with me today. This really is an issue about the public trust. Taxpayer  funds should not be used for luxury private jet travel. It is a very  simple issue.   Please join us in supporting the SWAMP FLYERS Act. Please join  Congressman Gallego and us in calling for the resignation of Secretary  Price.   As Abraham Lincoln said: ``Public sentiment is everything. With  public sentiment, nothing can fail. Without it, nothing can succeed.''   Help us change public sentiment and help us tell the Trump  administration: Please stop using taxpayer funds for luxury jet travel.   