 Mr. Speaker, how do I even start after getting an  introduction like that other than to say that I am so blessed to be  part of what I will put up against any Congress as the finest freshman  class that has come across this floor to be sworn in. I am just proud  to be one of Mr. Arrington's colleagues.   Mr. Speaker, when you talk about rural America, how do you know it if  you have never been part of it? I was born, raised, and grew up in a  little Minnesota farming town. My dad came from the Upper Peninsula of  Michigan because there was no work there for 18-year-olds. He went to  Minneapolis looking for work. Of course, he found it, and then he found  my mom. You know how that goes. So she told him that is where he was  going to live for a while, and so that is where I was born.   I had to walk all of a half a mile to work on a farm to help. It was  about a 200-head dairy farm that also had some corn and some soybeans,  and they had hay. I learned how to bale hay, I learned how to not fall  off the wagon, and I learned how to shoot the silage into the silo and  not fall into the silo when you are doing it.   One of the least favorite jobs was cleaning up the dairy barn because  it had those unique aromas. On a hot August day, you learn that they  are all unique, but they are all important to the betterment of what we  are trying to accomplish here.   When you work with your hands--I have seen firsthand how rural  America works, the dedication, the hard work, and the life that on a  daily basis begins before the sun rises and, in many cases, ends long  after the sun sets--that is commitment. It is not only commitment to  your family, it is commitment to yourself, and it is commitment to your  God that you know that you are blessed with what we have in our land.   It is such important work. Daniel Webster said:   ``Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most  important labor of man.''   ``The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization.''   It is so easy to believe that when the lights go off at the grocery  store at night that the food just magically appears on the shelves. It  is amazing how that just happens. Well, we know it doesn't just happen.  It is the last in a series of long steps. Rural America knows better  than anyone what it takes to get the food on those shelves. Rural  America feeds the world, produces resources that are used in other  industries, acts as job creators and the foundation of the economy,  provides food security, and contributes to the moral fabric of our  society.    Farmers face so many challenges already. They are at the mercy of the  weather, crop volatility, and ever-changing prices. Why is the  government so insistent on adding more rocks to the pack of the farmer  who is already overburdened in so many ways? They don't need any more  headaches.   I have often said that if something works in Michigan's First  District, it will work anywhere. We are largely rural. We have got a  lot of big water shoreline, and part of that big water shoreline  provides the water to cultivate our fields. We grow a lot of potatoes  up there. Anybody who really loves potato chips, chances are they came  from a potato that started in Michigan. We grow sugar beets, cherries,  and apples, just to name a few. In fact, just this past weekend, back  in the district, I had a chance to really taste the cherries that we  picked off  [[Page H6282]]  the tree because it is that time of the year.   We should be looking forward and looking to rural America as the  example for success, not trying to hold it back with bureaucratic  regulations and out-of-control government spending. It is time to cut  through the red tape. Rural and urban survival depend on it. Power  belongs in the hands of the individual--the farmers, the loggers, the  fishermen, the miners, the ranchers, and every other hardworking man  and woman in so many districts around the country and especially in our  First District of Michigan.   Mr. Speaker, speaking of hands, people who work with the land know  when you are working with your hands that you don't just go right to  the harvest. You first must till the land. You have to plant. You have  to manage the growing season. Only then, after that long process that  you cannot shortcut in any way, then comes a successful harvest. It has  to happen in order. There is no other way. So anyone who expects good  things happen easily has never been a farmer and has never been working  with their hands.   It is our job not just to honor but to raise rural Americans up as an  example that hard work and traditional American values are still  something to be admired so deeply.   Mr. Speaker, it is an honor just to be talking about this subject  tonight. It actually makes me want to somehow figure out a way to get  back to the district right away to finish up the cherry harvest. It  looks like we are going to have a really good one this year because God  has blessed us with good weather.   Rural America is who we are, and it is who we fight for. I am proud  to be a Member of the 115th Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington) for the  opportunity to speak on something that is so passionate and dear to my  heart.   