 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in  support of the gentleman from Minnesota's legislation, the Micro  Offering Safe Harbor Act.   As I have traveled through my district back in Colorado, I have often  been dismayed by the ever-increasing number of storefronts, once  thriving businesses, which now have ``for sale'' and ``for lease''  signs out front.   Small businesses are essential to job creation and job innovation,  but they have been so hamstrung by the burden of compliance with  regulations intended for large public companies that their ability to  be able to create jobs and innovate has been stifled.   The Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act will exempt certain micro  offerings from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of  1933, thereby removing obstacles to obtaining funding in capital  markets for Main Street businesses. It is hard for capitalism to work,  Mr. Speaker, without capital.   This legislation tackles that problem and creates opportunities for  hardworking small businesses to be able to go public to raise that  initial capital in the early stage and to be able to develop that seed  capital that is needed. Growth is often contingent on capital. Without  investment, it is easy for small businesses to falter.   By defining the ``nonpublic offering'' exemption under the Securities  Act, this legislation will provide small businesses with much-needed  clarity and a renewed confidence in what the proper procedure is for a  nonpublic offering that does not violate the law and helps to be able  to grow businesses.   Removing this confusion will provide small businesses with much- needed certainty and allow them to be able to focus their resources on  growth, rather than on compliance.   For this reason, I support the measure that is before us today, and I  would encourage my colleagues to do the same. I commend Mr. Emmer for  introducing this legislation to alleviate the burdensome compliance  environment that is imposed on small businesses. Again, I encourage my  colleagues to support this legislation.   