 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman from California for yielding.   Before I have the opportunity to speak about that, I just want to say  briefly what a contrast we see between the Republican tax plan that was  released last week and the bill that my colleagues, the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Veasey), and I will be talking about.   The Republican tax plan that was released last week, I think everyone  has acknowledged by now that it is a massive giveaway to the wealthiest  1 percent. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that 79.7  percent of the top 1 percent would get the benefit.   But what most people don't realize is that, under that same tax plan,  many middle class families and working class families would see their  taxes go up, not down. The same nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates  that 30 percent of middle class families would see their taxes go up.   We did an estimate of my district in northeast Philadelphia, and  suburban Philadelphia. A majority of middle class and working class  families in my district would see their taxes go up, all to pay for a  massive tax cut for the wealthiest 1 percent. That is wrong.   Now, contrast that approach with what we are introducing this week,  and I especially praise the leadership of my colleague, Congresswoman  Schakowsky, who was the first one to introduce this idea. We are  introducing the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. It has always bothered  me, as someone who has seen jobs leave my district and go overseas and  go abroad, that our Tax Code gives an incentive for that sort of  behavior; that a company like Mondelez International that closed the  factory that existed for more than half a century in Philadelphia, and  shipped over 300 jobs to Mexico, that they are able to claim a few tax  deductions while doing that.   The Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act closes those deductions, and it  takes the money and devotes 100 percent of it to benefit those  responsible employers, those companies that are providing jobs here at  home in America, that are well paid with good benefits.   Now, my colleague, Congresswoman Schakowsky, will go into greater  detail about some of the aspects of the Patriot Employer Tax Credit  Act. But I really think that this should be a bipartisan bill. It is a  chance for our colleagues on the other side, even this administration,  that says it is concerned about losing American jobs overseas, to join  with us on the Democratic side of the aisle. Support the Patriot  Employer Tax Credit Act and reject the sort of Wall Street-driven tax  cockamamie ideas that give a massive tax cut to the wealthiest 1  percent and require working class and middle class families to pay for  it.   