 Madam President, it is nice to see the ranking member of  the Commerce Committee on the floor today. I appreciate that he and I  share a particular view about the privatization of air traffic control.   Today, we are going to presumably pass a 6-month extension for the  Federal Aviation Administration. It was passed by the House earlier  today, and once again we are in a position which, in my view, we  shouldn't be in. We ought to be passing a long-term authorization of  the Federal Aviation Administration. Last year, we did so. The Senate,  with 95 votes, passed a 4-year FAA bill. It was the kind of meaningful,  bipartisan accomplishment that is too rare in Congress today.   I supported that bill, but unfortunately when it was sent to the  House and it came time to meet that last year's deadline, we were  ultimately forced to pass a short-term extension--which I opposed.   Our ongoing efforts to pass a long-term bill, Republicans and  Democrats in both Chambers of Congress, have found common ground and  consensus among the entire aviation community on a wide range of  important issues.   I am talking about reforms to strengthen the Contract Power Program,  one of the most and overwhelmingly popular and successful FAA programs.  That matters a lot to the State of Kansas, and communities in the State  of Nebraska as well, the home of the Presiding Officer in the Senate.   I am talking about streamlining the aircraft certification process  that allows the FAA to focus its valuable resources elsewhere while  generating a positive impact on our economy and job security in the  aviation manufacturing sector. Because, once again, Congress refuses to  set aside the perpetually controversial proposal to privatize our  Nation's air traffic control, we are left, again, with a short-term  extension. It is another one of those take-it-or-leave-it moments that  is occurring here at the eleventh hour in advance of September 30.   We know in the Senate this proposal for privatization will never have  the votes to pass. Yet we keep considering short-term extensions that  are damaging to the aviation community, particularly the airports that  need certainty in planning their infrastructure projects, and they will  be, first and foremost, to improve the safety for our air travelers.   A 6-month extension, in my view, is too short to provide the  certainty that is needed. The grant process, at the Department of  Transportation, will be ongoing, but no airport can plan based upon  whether the FAA is going to be authorized 6 months from now.   I have come to the floor numerous times before to talk about how  Kansas is a special place when it comes to aviation. Kansas has built  three out of every four general aviation aircraft since the Wright  brothers first flew at Kitty Hawk. Today, over 40,000 Kansans earn a  living in manufacturing, operating, and servicing our world's highest  quality aircraft. These aviation businesses and their employees depend  upon our ability to compete in a global marketplace, an ability which  is significantly damaged when we are putting off passage of a long-term  reauthorization bill not just once but year after year.   While general aviation manufacturing is our State's largest industry,  it is not just those manufacturers and their employees who understand  the problems and ramifications with privatization of air traffic  control.   I have often said on the floor that I think at times I get  categorized, as a Senator from Kansas, as a State that manufactures  lots of airplanes and that my views are therefore solely related to the  airplane manufacturing sector. I certainly bring that perspective to  Congress, and I speak often and work often on behalf of the  manufacturing of aircraft. But any of us who represent airports and  communities that are not the largest in the country ought to oppose the  privatization of air traffic control.   This is not the traditional rural-versus-urban argument that occurs  sometimes around here. This is not about little towns versus everybody  else. This is about everyone except for the largest cities with the  largest airports and the most travelers. So this is not about just  Garden City, KS; or Manhattan, my hometown; or Hays, my former  hometown. This is about Wichita and Topeka. This is about Kansas City.  All but the absolutely largest airports would be damaged by the  privatization of air traffic control.   We have said this many times. It is important to the manufacturers,  but it is also important to the survival of communities that I  represent and that all of my colleagues represent across the country.   Everywhere I go in Kansas, I am reminded that ATC privatization is a  bad idea. The idea that we would allow a 13-member private board to  make decisions about the future of airports and air transportation  across the country is troublesome. Moreover, even the major providers  of aircraft and avionics equipment that reside in Kansas--those  businesses that create thousands of jobs in my State--are perhaps even  more outspoken against privatization than anyone. These businesses know  that privatization of the Nation's most complex air system is a  solution without a problem that will ultimately create lots of  problems, lots of unintended consequences.   Americans expect leadership from their elected officials in  Washington. At a time when partisan dysfunction puts up constant  barriers in the legislative process, we should be doing everything we  can to find common ground and pass legislation that will have immediate  positive impacts on our economy. For so much of the FAA reauthorization  last year and again this year, we found that common ground--except for  this one divisive  [[Page S6204]]  issue that we know ultimately will not become law. It impedes the  opportunity to do what, without almost any exception, Members of the  House and Senate have agreed to.   True FAA reform will dramatically increase the ability of American  aviation manufacturers and businesses to create jobs. This short-term  extension represents yet another regrettably missed opportunity to do  just that.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The Senator from Alaska.   