 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for  yielding, and I join him in opposition to this bill.   While originally my remarks would have been much kinder to the bill,  and I may have considered supporting it, I did not consider it  favorably in committee. I know we had a voice vote on that. But in  light of the unfortunate remarks that imply that there was illegal  activity going on by Federal employees, and that is why we need this  bill that is before us right now, I do have to agree with the ranking  member, the gentleman from Virginia, that this bill is, indeed, a part  of the vanguard of legislation to severely restrict and eliminate the  use of official time.   Under the bipartisan Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, a Federal  employees who serves as a union steward or union representative may be  granted official time to perform activities that--and this is the  important standard that is in the bill--the gentleman from Georgia  indicated that we need this bill because there is no standard.   The standard in the Civil Service Reform Act requires a number of  things: It requires both labor and management to agree on the use of  official time, and that official time be ``reasonable, necessary, and  in the public interest.''   That is the standard today, and every single Federal workplace-- management and labor--have to agree that the use of official time is  reasonable, that it is necessary, and that it is in the public  interest. That is a great standard, and that is what has been going on  so far.   While there are those who seek to curb or repeal the statutory right  and may claim that it amounts to misuse of government resources, let me  offer you another concrete example of why official time is critical to  the Federal workplace and serves the interests of the American people  and taxpayer.   In the wake of the devastating terrorist attacks on September 11,  2001, the Nation also endured a series of anthrax attacks perpetuated  through the United States mail system against media offices in Florida,  New York, and also Federal offices here in the Nation's Capital. The  affected facilities included the Brentwood Mail Processing and  Distribution Center here in D.C., that is now named after two dedicated  postal employees, Thomas Morris and Joseph Curseen, who lost their  lives to anthrax exposure at that facility.    This is immediately after September 11. They were postal workers.  They died of inhalation of anthrax poisoning because of the jobs they  were doing on behalf of this country. The risk of further anthrax  attacks threatened the safety of our postal workforce. I had two  sisters with young children at the time working at the post office, and  I knew of this well.    It jeopardized the safety of our postal workforce and  customers, as well as the free flow of information and commerce that  the constitutional responsibility of the United States Postal Service  requires.   But rather than refusing to go to work in a dangerous workplace, by  the use of official time, the management of the United States Postal  Service, and the union representatives of the United States Postal  Service sat down and worked out a measure where the union agreed to  send their workers in, the mail kept running to every home and business  in America, but the postal workers absorbed that danger on their own  because they knew that steps were being taken to keep them and their  families--because the threat was that anthrax would get on their  clothes and they would bring that back to their own homes. We worked  that out.   That agreement would not have been worked out but for the use of  official time--and a lot of official time that was used in that crisis.  That is the responsibility that those union representatives had to the  workers. They have to guarantee a safe workplace for those workers, and  that is why we should vote against this bill. This is a wolf in sheep's  clothing, and we ought to vote this down.   