 Mr. President, the Senate Republicans are about to take  one of the most reckless actions in Senate history. They are going to  vote to blow up the American healthcare system and do I don't know what  next.   I want to be really clear about this. Never before has the Senate  voted on major legislation that would reorder one-sixth of the American  economy and impact tens of millions of American families without even  knowing what the bill does. There has been no bipartisanship. There  have been no hearings.   Let me just say something about hearings. This may seem like sort of  a process or procedural complaint, but this very much matters. Hearings  matter because it is how you get experts to tell you whether your bill  is any good, whether it is smart or stupid, harmful or helpful.  Hearings matter because they subject your bill and the process to  public scrutiny. The media is able to report on what you are up to, and  your constituents know what you are up to. So it is not a small thing  to complain about no hearings. In fact, you can't be a good legislator  without having hearings, and you can't be an effective legislative body  without conducting public hearings. We never have major legislation  without hearings, but that is exactly what they are doing, and there is  one very simple reason for this. They are embarrassed by what is in  this bill.   It is true we don't know exactly what is in this bill. There are lots  and lots of versions and lots of notions being kicked around, but we  can be sure of a few things.  [[Page S4161]]    First, we know this; that whatever problems there are with the  Affordable Care Act, this bill doesn't even bother to try to fix them.  To the extent that people are worried about high deductibles, it  actually increases the deductibles. To the extent that people are  worried about the lack of choices on the healthcare exchanges, it  doesn't even try to fix that.   Second, we don't know exactly how much they are going to cut  Medicaid, but they are going to cut Medicaid. Whether it is rolling  back the Medicaid expansion or making these radical structural reforms,  essentially block-granting Medicaid to the States, they are going to  deeply cut Medicaid. This hurts people. It hurts people in nursing  homes. It hurts people with drug addiction. Medicaid is a program that  works and delivers care for millions of Americans, and it will be  slashed massively tomorrow.   We also don't know whether they are going to keep the capital gains  tax cut or get rid of it. In any case, they are going to get rid of  most of the revenue in the Affordable Care Act. They are cutting taxes  for the very wealthy, and the way they pay for that is to cut Medicaid.  So under the guise of fixing the ACA, they do the thing they wanted to  do all along--cut taxes, cut Medicaid. It has nothing to do with ACA:  cut taxes, cut Medicaid. That is what the bill tomorrow will do. I  don't care if it is the 2015 version. I don't care if it is BCRA. I  don't care if it is a new Senate version. I don't care if it is Cruz's.  All this cuts taxes for the wealthy and cuts Medicaid. That is what  this legislation does.   Americans are going to be hurt by this legislation; people with  preexisting conditions, families with a loved one struggling with  opioid abuse, people in nursing homes, people who rely on Medicaid,  people who rely on Planned Parenthood. The tens of millions of people  who will lose their insurance almost instantly. That is why every  single patient advocacy group, from the American Cancer Society to the  March of Dimes, to the National Physicians Alliance, to disability  groups, to the AARP--everybody hates this bill. Make no mistake, they  hate every version of it.   It is not like there is a less harmful version. Either 22 million or  23 million or 32 million lose their healthcare. We don't have to do  this to ourselves. We don't have to do this to the American people.   So there are lots of different versions of this legislation. What the  leader is doing, very cleverly, is allowing people to believe that the  thing they are moving to is the thing they may prefer. In other words,  it is a blank canvas. It is just a motion to proceed. It is just a  motion to begin debate.   Make no mistake, the vote tomorrow is to repeal the Affordable Care  Act with no plan to replace it. That is what they are doing tomorrow,  and they have been totally secretive because they know the moment they  start talking specifics, the whole thing comes crashing down.   There are core elements of this vote tomorrow that are true no matter  what. It cuts Medicaid; it cuts taxes for the rich; it reduces patient  protections; it reduces the number of people who have insurance; and it  will all be done with no hearings, no Democrats, no experts in  healthcare. This thing will be dropped on us without enough time to  review it, without enough time to interact with our home State to  figure out what the impact would be.   We are being asked to do one of the most reckless things any group of  legislators has ever been asked to do, which is to jump off a policy  cliff--a healthcare cliff, a political cliff--and eventually they are  going to tell you it is going to work out. Make no mistake, the reason  they can't tell you what is in the bill is the moment they do, this  thing will come crashing down.   What we have to do is make sure this thing comes crashing down  anyway, and we have to do it for the tens of millions of Americans who  depend on Medicaid and the ACA. We have to do it for our rural  hospitals, we have to do it for people with preexisting conditions, and  we have to do it for people without power, without money, without the  ability to walk 200 yards from this Chamber to the U.S. Senate doctor,  the best healthcare in the world.   Not only are we on the exchange--I have a Kaiser plan so we are on  the exchange, we are in ACA--but also, anytime I want, if I have a  headache, if I have a stomach ache, if I have something more serious, I  can literally walk about 200 yards from here, go to the Senate doctor,  and get whatever kind of healthcare I need.   I want you to understand how lucky the people who are voting on your  future are and how privileged we all are in this literally gilded  place, when people's lives and livelihoods and life savings are on the  line tomorrow, and if I get so much as a hangnail, I get to call my  staff and have them help me out. We are lucky people, and we need to  think about whom we are representing. I will be fine. Every Member of  this Chamber will be fine, but our job is not to take care of  ourselves. Our job is to represent our constituents.   This bill has earned a really historic title: Most unpopular major  bill in American history. Most unpopular major bill in American  history. How that can get 20 votes, let alone 51, is beyond me.   I want to make one last point. We need to kill this bill, not just  because of all the harm it is going to do to the country, we need to do  it for the legislative branch of the U.S. Government. We just can't  make laws like this.   Right now, the majority party is shortsighted because at some point  Democrats are going to have the gavel. The temptation to follow this  precedent being set this week, to enact major legislation without  hearings and without the other party, might destroy the Senate  itself. There is still time. There is still good will. We can walk back  from the brink and do the right thing.    I yield the floor.   