 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Madam President.   I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Marvin Kaplan to  serve as a member of the National Labor Relations Board. Mr. Kaplan has  spent much of his career as a staff member in Congress, where he worked  to undermine unions and the rights of workers to bargain collectively.   A key role of the National Labor Relations Board is to preserve the  right of workers to bargain collectively. The Board itself is charged  with enforcing the National Labor Relations Act, which Congress passed  in 1935 in the depths of the Great Depression. The act gave workers the  right to join unions, and it encouraged and promoted collective  bargaining as a way to set wages and settle disputes over working  conditions.   This law that passed in the 1930s--and is still in effect today--is  not simply a benefit to workers; it also benefits businesses, and it  also benefits the economy. Section 1 of the act says, in pertinent  part: ``The inequality of bargaining power between employees . . . and  employers . . . substantially burdens and affects the flow of commerce,  and tends to aggravate recurrent business depressions, by depressing  wage rates and the purchasing power of wage earners.''   There are a lot of important words there. When you have inequality of  bargaining power, the findings of the Congress at the time said that  would burden and affect the flow of commerce. So that tells you the  impact on commerce. It also says that when you have inequality of  bargaining power, that aggravates business depressions, and the result  of that is depressing wages and depressing purchasing power.   Everyone here knows that when we are measuring the American economy  today--I am sure this has been true for many generations but especially  today--the consumer plays a substantial role in our economy. So if that  consumer, that worker has lower wages, that is not good for anyone. So  giving workers the right to both organize and collectively bargain  allows them to demand higher wages, thereby increasing their incomes  and that purchasing power which is so critically important. That, in  turn, of course, increases consumption and demand for goods, which, of  course, increases production and employment. So all of these are tied  together. Wages and benefits affect the economy, not just the worker  and his or her family.   I believe there is now a concerning trend to weaken the National  Labor Relations Act and to tilt the Board against workers. Mr. Kaplan's  nomination is another sign of this disconnect between the rhetoric of  the administration claiming to be pro-worker and its actions that are  of late anything but pro-worker. The administration claims it is here  to support workers, but at every turn, we have nominees who have spent  their careers working in the opposite direction.   We know that in the 1950s and 1960s, the economy worked well for  working Americans because 35 percent of workers were in a labor union.  The decline of unions, the decline of the workers' voice, and the  decline of collective bargaining have helped to lead us where we are  today--stagnant wages over a long period of time, as well as power,  wealth, and income, of course, concentrated at the top.   So we know that unions helped workers to win higher wages, job  security, and unprecedented benefits, including paid vacations, paid  sick leave, and pensions that gave those workers and their families a  measure of security, but it also increased their purchasing power, and  it also, of course, strengthened the economy. American family incomes  grew by an average of 2.8 percent per year from 1947 through 1973, with  every sector of society seeing its income roughly double.   We know now that in the last number of years, it has been a different  story. Families across Pennsylvania and the United States know that the  story is much different. It is not a coincidence that union membership  has declined from its peak of 35 percent of private sector employment  in the 1950s to less than 7 percent of private sector employment today.  This is all the more reason to stop this assault on workers and labor  unions.   Nominees with a partisan history of working to undermine unions or  undermine the National Labor Relations Act or undermine the National  Labor Relations Board should not be confirmed to a position where they  are supposed to act as an arbiter to protect the rights of workers to  form a union and to bargain collectively. So I urge my colleagues to  oppose the nomination of Marvin Kaplan to the National Labor Relations  Board.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   