 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin) and the gentlewoman from Washington State (Ms. Jayapal) for  organizing tonight's Special Order hour on this very important topic.   I join my colleagues in expressing my strong opposition to the  President's Muslim ban, a religious test. It is the first time we have  seen this in modern times.   We have been at war since 9/11 against terrorism, and our most urgent  responsibility is to keep America safe, but President Trump's Muslim  ban makes it harder to do this. The Muslim ban makes it harder to work  with our allies. The Muslim ban makes it harder to recruit intelligence  assets. The Muslim ban makes it harder to enlist allies in our fight  against ISIS.   We should help people who are fleeing ISIS rather than slam the door  in their faces. Instead, President Trump's Muslim ban likens these  individuals to terrorists. This isn't a plan, and it won't keep America  safe.   We need a real plan, a plan that honors our values and a plan that  does not discriminate based upon a person's religion. We need a plan  that keeps our country safe and respects freedom of religion, whether  people are White, Black, Brown, Christian, Muslim, Jewish, young, or  old. Immigrants and refugees have made incredible contributions to our  great country, and it is time for our President to say this.   In my home State of Rhode Island, like so many places around the  country, when we watched on television news reports of an executive  order being issued and people who are lawfully authorized to return  home to the United States being held in detention and being prevented  from coming back into America, we were sick to our stomach.   People in Rhode Island rallied, like people did all across this  country, to express their outrage, to say this is not America and these  are not our values. This is inconsistent with our Constitution. While  we saw this administration working to undo basic constitutional rights  and civil liberties--including, most importantly, freedom of religion-- people all across America spoke out.   In addition to recognizing that this didn't comport with our deeply  held beliefs and faith and confidence in our Constitution, we also knew  that these were families fleeing unspeakable violence as part of the  refugee program who are also being denied access into the United  States. People were fleeing ISIS and then coming to America only to  have the door slammed in their faces.   As has been said, the refugee program that we have in place is the  single most difficult way for someone to be allowed to enter the United  States. It is a 10- or 12-step process.   If you go to the website, you can see what you have to go through to  be authorized to come into the United States as a refugee, and included  in that is a determination that you do not pose a danger to the  national security or to the American people. So it is embedded in the  process already. It is a process that takes anywhere from 18 to 24  months. It is a process which has been in place and has worked  successfully. There hasn't been a single Syrian refugee who has been  charged with having been engaged in any terrorist activity.   By the way, the world is facing the largest refugee crisis since  World War II. The U.N. estimates that 4.9 million refugees have  registered, and there are about 6 million total if you include those  that aren't registered. Turkey has taken 2.7 million refugees. Lebanon  has taken 1 million refugees. Jordan has taken 655,000 refugees. Iraq  has taken 228,000 refugees.   Do you know how many the United States accepted last year? About  16,000. So, Mr. Speaker, we have a lot more to do to meet our  responsibilities with respect to accepting refugees who go through this  very rigorous process.   I am here tonight to speak out as loudly as I can against the  executive order that ends the Syrian refugee program that has worked so  successfully and that puts in place a Muslim ban that is making us less  safe.   This isn't a Democratic or a Republican issue. There have been a  number of Republicans who have knowledge that this is making us less  safe. Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator John McCain said this may well  do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.   There are a number of other national security experts who have said  this will not make us safer. There are a number of veterans  organizations that have said the same. Business leaders have said the  same.   This will not make us safer, and it has really brought the scorn of  the world, as people have seen an America that has always stood for  values of welcoming people and of diversity and being a place that  people come to--like my great-grandfather did--to build a better life  to suddenly be slamming its doors and instituting a test based on  religion. It does violence to our history and to our Constitution.   I want to just ask the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin), who is  not just an ordinary lawyer, but a scholar, a professor of law, whether  or not he has done an analysis as to the constitutionality of the  President's Muslim ban.   There have been, I think, four courts now who have, in fact, entered  orders invalidating key parts of these orders based on their assessment  that they don't comport with our Constitution.   I ask the gentleman to share his assessment as to whether or not my  view of this--and, I think, the view of these courts--is the correct  one.    Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in urging President  Trump to rescind both of these unconstitutional executive orders.   