 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I had intended to support H.R. 1293, but after hearing  the remarks from the chairman on the floor this morning, I am afraid  that this bill is just a precursor for what the majority will try to do  to our dedicated Federal employees.   The sentiments expressed by the chairman are in line with the  legislation that appeared before the Veterans' Affairs Committee just  this past week, legislation that would have undermined the use of  official time for employees at the VA. So there are attacks happening  in other parts of the House.   The committee marked up H.R. 1461, the misnamed VET Protection Act.  This bill would limit the amount of time VA employees can use for  official time to improve working conditions for themselves and for  their colleagues and, in turn, improve services for veterans.   We considered this bill, despite the fact we didn't have clear data  on the impact of the bill on the VA's HR capability. I realize this  bill we are considering on the floor today is about that data, but the  spirit in which it is being moved forward is not about trying to  illuminate how official time has helped our veterans.   There are 49,386 vacant positions at the VA. Rolling back the use of  official time will only increase the demands on the VA's human  resources staff, making it harder to fill positions and recruit and  retain quality providers.   Official time benefits our veterans. In Pittsburgh, as was mentioned  before by my colleague from New Jersey, an AFGE president used official  time to press the VA to address a Legionnaires' disease outbreak that  killed 6 veterans and made 16 others sick. Her actions helped save  veterans' lives, and she used official time to do it.   At the Phoenix VA there was a 29 percent turnover rate for licensed  practical nurses. Union representatives used official time to improve  working conditions and cut the turnover rate in half. Less turnover  means better care for veterans.   I warn my colleagues against this bill and future misguided  legislation to undermine official time and the function of our Federal  agencies.   