 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, everybody in Washington now knows that the  special counsel has announced charges against two of President Trump's  former campaign aides in connection with the ongoing investigation into  whether Russia interfered with the 2016 election.   After painstaking investigations in the intelligence community, we  now know that, in fact, Russia did interfere in the election. Since  they have continued this pattern in other countries' elections, what  many of us are concerned about is the fact that they will interfere in  the next elections coming up. We have already seen attempts in the  special election down in Alabama. They have been trying to increase the  number of hits going to a Facebook or Twitter account. So they  interfered.   We also learned this morning that a third former Trump campaign aide  has pled guilty to lying to the FBI in January when he was asked about  his interactions while he was with the Trump campaign.   These are very serious charges, and we should be united against any  individual who helped further Russia's interference in our elections.  Yet, sadly, the response to these indictments has been seemingly split  along partisan lines. That doesn't make sense. Defending America isn't  a partisan issue. In fact, everyone in the Senate--all of our  Democrats, Republicans, our two Independents--has sworn an oath to do  exactly that, to defend the Constitution against all enemies, both  foreign and domestic. So charging these individuals shouldn't be seen  as a victory for one party or another. It shouldn't be seen as a defeat  for a party. These individuals are charged with crimes against the  United States, crimes against all of us Americans.   The fact is that Russian President Vladimir Putin interfered in our  election, and in so doing, he has attacked the very foundation of our  constitutional democracy. We know that, and we also know that we are  not the only country he has attacked. According to the U.S.  intelligence community, he will continue this type of behavior unless  he is stopped, and that is why we have such a heavy responsibility to  defend America from these kinds of attacks and to defend our American  constitutional foundations that are built on a process of free and fair  and unfetterred elections.   It doesn't matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, it  should be clear: If you help an enemy of the United States meddle in  our democracy, you will be held accountable.   Here in this Senate and throughout the country as a whole, too often  we find ourselves suddenly divided on issues because of party politics.  That shouldn't be the case. There should be no disagreement when it  comes to protecting America because we should be Americans first--not  Democrats or Republicans first; we should be Americans first.   We must continue to be patient with the Mueller investigation and  allow it to follow the facts wherever they may lead because finding out  what happened is the only way we are going to be able to prevent this  from happening again, and it is the only way we are going to be able to  keep our country safe.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   