 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this, I think, is a very modest amendment,  which just simply seeks to restore a cut to the existing 2017 level of  support for the Magnet Schools Assistance Program, which is a program  which has been around for quite a while. It actually was reauthorized  in the Every Student Succeeds Act in 2015, which was a great bipartisan  success for K-12 education.   And again, this program provides support for magnet schools all  across the country. There are 4,340 magnet schools in the U.S. 3.5  million students benefit from magnet programs, which again, are  administered by local school districts and utilize a variety of  academic themes such as STEM, Language Immersion, Career and Technical  Education, Visual and Performing Arts, just to name a few.   Again, it is a strategy which also provides a regional structure to  the student population and promotes diversity. It has done great things  in terms of Connecticut in terms of ending racial isolation. Again,  unfortunately, the magnet schools have sort of seen a steady sort of  decline from 10 years ago in terms of Federal support for it, and this  amendment really is just basically saying enough. I mean, we should,  again, restore an amount, which I indicated is very modest, of $1.1  million to this account, and offset and paid for.   And again, I think it just will allow a lot of school districts and  communities to continue the great work that they are doing with magnet  programs.   I want to conclude my initial remarks by, again, thanking the  chairman and also Congresswoman Lee for their kind remarks about my  colleague and neighbor from Connecticut, Rosa DeLauro, who lost her  mother, Luisa DeLauro, a 103-year-old amazing woman.   We all marvel at Rosa's energy and passion, but if you have ever met  Luisa, you would understand where it came from because she was an  amazing woman, just a great inspiration for her daughter who, I think,  made her so proud in terms of the great work that she has done in the  Congress.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have left.    Mr. Chair, again, briefly, I appreciate the gentleman's  comments. I would just note, though, if you go back 10 years ago, the  disparity between charter school funding at the Federal level versus  magnet schools was two to one in favor of charters.    We are at a point today where, with this budget, it will be four to  one in terms of disparity between the two. I would acknowledge the  gentleman's comments that there are some areas where charter schools  have provided great benefits, but there is no question that, in terms  of breaking down racial isolation, magnet schools have a much better  batting average, and that has been studied and reported over the years.   My daughter attended a magnet school in the Hartford area, and again,  with a totally diverse population, and again, it is probably the most  highly rated high school, secondary school, in the State of  Connecticut, according to U.S. News and World Report.   So again, the quality of magnet schools, I think, are high in the  record in terms of their goal, which is to break down racial isolation.  I think it surpasses charter schools.   This amendment would leave a 7.7 percent increase in funding for  charter schools. It is not an attack on charter school funding. It just  simply restores last year's level of spending for magnet schools, a  very modest measure.   And again, I look forward, hopefully, to working with the gentleman,  but I really believe strongly that this is not asking too much to  protect magnet school funding, and that is why I would ask the Chamber  to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   