 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is good to see you this afternoon.   I rise in support of the nomination of Kristine Svinicki to hold a  third term as a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, known as  the NRC. Many Senators heard from our chairman on the Environment and  Public Works Committee in support of this nominee last week, just prior  to our cloture vote. I want to add my voice in support of her  nomination as well.   Since joining the Environment and Public Works Committee, I have  worked closely with my colleagues to strengthen what we call the  ``culture of safety'' within the U.S. nuclear energy industry. In part,  due to our collective efforts and the NRC leadership and the  Commission's dedicated staff, the NRC continues to be the world's gold  standard for nuclear regulatory agencies. However, as I say time and  again, that does not mean we can become complacent when it comes to  nuclear safety and our NRC oversight responsibilities, a perspective  that I am certain is shared by every Member of this body.   Ensuring that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission continues to have  experienced and dedicated leadership is one of the most important  things that our committee, the Committee on Environment and Public  Works, and the Senate can do to maintain a high level of safety and  excellence in our Nation's nuclear facilities.   I am quite impressed with our NRC Commissioners, and I am encouraged  with their ability to work cooperatively with each other. Each  Commissioner, including our current chair, Kristine Svinicki--let me  say her name again: Svinicki. People have a hard time saying her name.  It is Svinicki.  [[Page S3750]]  She brings a unique set of skills to the table--something that has  served the Commission and our country well.   I continue to have ongoing discussions with our friend, the chairman  of the committee, Senator John Barrasso, about the strong interest I  and our minority members of the committee have with ensuring parity, as  the Senate looks to confirm other nominees to the NRC. This is in order  to ensure that we have a balance of Democratic and Republican members  on the Commission for years to come. It continues to be a priority for  me and our Democratic colleagues.   At this time, I support moving Chairman Svinicki through the  confirmation process. I do so out of respect for her long service to  the NRC and for the need to ensure certainty and predictability within  the NRC and its leadership. I hope my colleagues will join me in  supporting her nomination.   Mr. President, as to this particular nominee, not everybody on the  committee or probably in the Senate will support the nomination of  Kristine Svinicki. They could have held her up. No one has, and she has  moved through our committee expeditiously. She, in my view, should have  moved through expeditiously and will be coming before us for an up-or- down vote in a few minutes.   