 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I want to begin by thanking Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member  Grijalva for all of their work on this legislation, as well as Chairman  McClintock and Ranking Member Hanabusa and Mrs. Torres for their  diligence.   Mr. Speaker, the legislation we are considering today represents a  very small change--one word--but it would have an enormous benefit of  rightly placing the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore where it belongs  as the Nation's 60th national park and the first national park in the  State of Indiana.   As mentioned, located along the southern shore of Lake Michigan, the  Indiana Dunes are a natural wonder and home of a vast array of rare  plants. According to the National Park Service, Indiana Dunes National  Lakeshore is the seventh most biologically diverse National Park  Service unit.   I believe the chairman and Mrs. Torres ably described the history of  the dunes and its evolution. I thank them for that, and I would thank  all of the citizens over that half century and more that petitioned for  the creation of this great park.   The lakeshore currently does encompass about 15,000 acres of wetlands  and marshes, beaches, oak savannahs, and sand dunes. It is clear that  the title of the Indiana Dunes National Park is fitting for such a  unique natural resource.   The American taxpayers, over a number of generations, have invested  in the preservation of the park. It is incumbent that we do everything  possible to encourage citizens and travelers from around the world to  visit it, to learn about it, to recreate, and to simply enjoy the  environment of northwest Indiana's lakeshore. H.R. 1488 helps to  achieve this goal.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the act is supported in a bipartisan  fashion by the entire Indiana delegation. I would also like to thank  Senators Donnelly and Young, who have introduced a companion measure in  the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage.   