 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, but before I  do, I want to just briefly acknowledge the members of my community who  were affected by a tragic Amtrak derailment in Pierce County,  Washington, today. The families of those we lost and all the folks  affected by this are in my prayers tonight.   Mr. Speaker, on May 25, 1961, President John F. Kennedy came before  this body and gave an urgent special address. He laid out the costs of  supporting the space program and of going to the Moon, and he said:  ``We choose to go into space because whatever mankind must undertake,  free men must fully share.''   Today, Mr. Speaker, that journey continues as we take a vote to  formalize sharing a space partnership between our Nation and a close  ally and friend, the nation of Israel.   This partnership began in 1985 when NASA and the Israel Space Agency  began cooperating on a limited basis. A decade later, our Nation signed  an agreement to allow Israeli astronauts to begin training with their  American counterparts.   In 2003, Israeli Air Force Colonel Ilan Ramon became the first  Israeli astronaut. He traveled to space aboard the Space Shuttle  Columbia. It was a 16-day mission, and the crew of six Americans and  one Israeli conducted 80 experiments that helped us understand our  place in the universe just a little bit better.   Tragically, the celebration of this partnership turned to shared  mourning as Columbia was lost on reentry, but the tragedy did not stop  our shared journey into space. To this day, we continue to cooperate,  including on projects everyone benefits from, including the Global  Positioning System, and research that helps us better understand the  Sun, and even research related to our environment here on Earth.   In 2015, NASA and the Israel Space Agency signed a civil space  framework agreement to formalize and expand cooperation in civil space  activities.   Mr. Speaker, today's vote continues a deep and lasting partnership  among free societies. I have been proud to work with a number of my  colleagues and NASA and everyday Americans who know that all mankind  benefits when we explore our universe.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his leadership on  these issues and the ranking member, who has been such a champion in  support of smart policies in the arena of science, space, and  technology. I also would like to thank the majority and minority staff  from the committee for the work that they do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further  requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   