 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 7,  the so-called ``No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act and Abortion  Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2017.''   The Majority marks the 44th anniversary of Roe v. Wade this week with  its latest attempt to undo that decision's unequivocal recognition of a  woman's constitutionally protected right to choose to terminate a  pregnancy.   We must recognize this bill for what it really is. H.R. 7 is yet  another attack by the Majority on women's health, a goal it  accomplishes in several respects.   To begin with, H.R. 7 would make it virtually impossible for a woman  to obtain abortion services even when paid for with purely private,  non-Federal funds.   It achieves this end by denying Affordable Care Act tax credits to  income-eligible women and small business employers who choose insurance  coverage that includes abortion.   Through its novel tax penalty provisions, H.R. 7 departs radically  from existing law, taking away women's existing health care and placing  their health and lives at risk.   Despite the claims of its sponsors, H.R. 7 does not merely codify  current law, but, rather, goes well beyond it to deny women basic  health care services.   Moreover, to the extent it bans federal funding of abortion services,  H.R. 7 is unnecessary, because such funding is already banned by the  Hyde Amendment, and the Affordable Care Act maintains that ban.   For more than 30 years, Congress has prohibited federal funding of  abortion, except in cases of rape, incest, or to save the life of the  mother, through the Hyde Amendment and similar measures in annual  appropriations bills.   Nothing in the Affordable Care Act changes this. That Act does not  permit federal funding of abortion, and ensures that only private funds  can be used to purchase abortion insurance coverage.   There is absolutely no risk that public money will be used to pay for  abortion services.   So what is H.R. 7 really about? Plain and simple, it is part of the  Majority's relentless war against women's health and constitutional  freedoms.   Members should understand that a vote for H.R. 7 is not a vote to  codify existing law. It is, instead, a vote to attack women's health  and equality.   Finally, we should reject H.R. 7's permanent restriction on the  District of Columbia's use of local funds that Congress has approved.   H.R. 7 not only infringes women's constitutional rights, but also  intrudes deeply into local government decision-making by the District.   Women and families who live in the District should not be singled out  for additional harm simply because of where they live.   Last Congress, the Obama Administration ``strongly oppose[d]'' a  substantially similar bill, saying the legislation ``would intrude on  women's reproductive freedom and access to health care; increase the  financial burden on many Americans; [and] unnecessarily restrict the  private insurance choices that consumers have today.''   I agree wholeheartedly with that analysis and, accordingly, I  strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous bill.   