 Mr. President, during Thanksgiving last week, families  across the country came together to give thanks for the blessings of  the past year. One group in particular--corporate CEOs--had a special  reason to be thankful: the Republican tax bill we are considering  today. Rather than engaging in a bipartisan process to develop and  enact meaningful tax reform that will benefit working Americans and  small businesses, Republicans in Congress have spent the last few  weeks. crafting tax cut legislation that will overwhelmingly favor  large corporations and ultrawealthy Americans. Just in time for the  holiday season, this bill delivers everything on the Republican donor  class's wish lis while providing the vast majority of working Americans  with little more than a lump of coal.   This tax bill would have harmful and far-reaching effects, in  countless ways, for our economy, for the budget, for our healthcare  system, for our environment, and for the pocketbooks of middle-income  Americans from coast to coast; yet despite these enormous threats  across the board, rarely, if ever, have I seen such a secretive and  slapdash process and such a shoddy result. Republican leaders purposely  chose a partisan process, not a bipartisan process.   This bill has one clear goal: provide corporations with permanent tax  cuts at any and all costs. Unfortunately, the costs of providing these  unnecessary cuts are high and fall disproportionately on lower and  middle-income Americans, who will only see temporary cuts that will  expire in 2025. The true purpose and slant of this bill are belied by  the fact that huge tax  [[Page S7553]]  cuts for corporations would be permanent, while the meager adjustments  for hard-working Americans are only temporary. Critical deductions  relied upon by many Vermonters, including the State and local tax  deduction, are reduced or eliminated. These changes are likely to  result in higher taxes for many working families. To add insult to  injury, even after targeting the middle class to pay for permanent  corporate tax cuts, the bill will still end up adding more than $1.4  trillion to our deficit and debt over the next 10 years.   This is a bill that cheats our future for the sake of a tax-cut  windfall for the 1 percent. It does absolutely wonderful things for the  wealthiest taxpayers, like the President, his cronies, and his family,  but it does not advance the common good. It offers crumbs to hard- working Americans, while the wealthiest individuals and corporations  reap the rewards of this bill, with the false promise of trickle-down  benefits to everyone else. The wealthiest are doing just fine, and big  corporations already are pulling in record profits, which they are not  investing but salting away. They don't need more tax cuts. More than  400 millionaires have urgently told Congress that they don't need more  tax cuts.   Even more appallingly, to pay for these tax giveaways for  corporations, Republicans intend to strip health insurance from 13  million Americans, a move that threatens to seriously destabilize the  health insurance market. Americans with health insurance today will  face higher premiums as a result of this bill becoming law. As the  Congressional Budget Office found in its recent analysis, by 2027, the  bill takes away billions of dollars in Federal healthcare support for  Americans making less than $75,000. This needlessly putt innocent lives  at risk. To the extent that working Vermonters see any benefit from the  tax cuts included in this bill, those gains will be more than wiped  away by these changes to our healthcare system.   What is more, this Republican proposal will also cause irreparable  harm to our environment by opening up oil and gas drilling in the  Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, ANWR--all to pay for tax breaks for  corporations, including those in the oil and gas industry. Exposing  this breathtaking area of the country to the ravages of oil and gas  drilling would be an environmental tragedy. Even worse, the rationale  for it may be built on a false premise. There is evidence to suggest  that opening this area for development would not even provide the  economic benefits being claimed. Turning ANWR into an oil field is yet  another gift to corporate interests at the expense of the American  people and at the cost of damage to their public lands.   These are just some of the devastating consequences this bill will  have if it is enacted, and we know this isn't even the bill on which we  will ultimately cast a vote. This bill has been written and rewritten  so many times behind closed doors, and we have every reason to believe  Republicans will conclude this arcane reconciliation process by  offering a final amendment, unveiled at the last minute, without the  benefit of thorough review and debate. For an issue this complex that  touches every aspect of our economy, moving at a breakneck, partisan  pace is a dangerous and reckless approach. How many Senators who  support this legislation can look their constituents in the eye and  honestly tell them they know every detail of this bill and how it will  impact them and our country? Can the Senators who support this bill in  good faith promise it won't raise their constituents' taxes, today,  tomorrow, next year, or in a decade? Or that it won't set in motion  slashing cuts to Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid?   Remember the promises the Republican majority made just months ago?  They promised their bill would boost the economy and help middle-class  Americans and that it wouldn't explode the debt and the deficits. The  President himself promised that the bill wouldn't benefit him or other  wealthy taxpayers. Now, we know the truth. The independent  Congressional Budget Office and countless economists have made clear  that those promises have been utterly shredded. Further damage is done  by this direct hit on the health insurance that is relied upon by  millions of Americans and by the elimination of the deductibility of  State and local taxes. Blowing a hole in the budget will seed the  ground for rising interest rates that will hit every family and drag  down our economy, and Republican cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and  Medicaid will follow.   Even these huge corporate tax cuts are not structured in a way that  would truly encourage investments here at home and boost workers'  wages. There is no bang, let alone a popgun pop, for shoveling out  these more than 2 million bucks.   We need to go back to the drawing board and start this process over  again. Let Republicans and Democrats work together on real tax reform  that simplifies the Tax Code and provides real benefits to working  Americans. This bill is not tax reform. This is a cartoonish caricature  of what real tax reform should look like. It is dishonest to its core.  It is cynical, and it can only breed more cynicism by the public. It is  not only bad policy, it is horrible policy--and it is wrong.   