 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 496, which is the  first and likely only legislation striking an Obama Administration era  rule or regulation outright that I will be supporting this Congress.   From when I first learned of the rule last year, I have had strong  concerns about the United States Department of Transportation's (DOT)  proposal on Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and  Planning Area Reform.   Planning was a top priority of one of my predecessors in the United  States House of Representatives, former Public Works Committee Chairman  Bob Roe. In the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act  (ISTEA) of 1991, the Congress overhauled the planning process and gave  tremendous authority to local Metropolitan Planning Organizations  (MPO). The process works well in Northern New Jersey, where the North  Jersey Transportation Planning Authority (NJTPA) plays an important  role advancing regional projects that provides an important opportunity  for local communities to offer meaningful input.   I joined my colleague, Mr. Sires, in a letter last summer expressing  concerns with the draft rule and requesting that the comment period be  extended.   I appreciate the DOTs end goal: to make planning more efficient, more  comprehensible to stakeholders and the public, and more focused on  projects that address critical regional needs. However, in a rush to  judgment and ignoring the concerns of many comments from across the  county, the DOT finalized a well-intended, but misguided rule.  Specifically, I object to the severity of its reconstruction of the  planning processes, practices, and understandings that have been in  effect for MPOs for decades, and the ability for the public to comment.   Most concerning to me is that the rule could require the redrawing of  Metropolitan Planning Areas (MPAs) and require Urbanized Areas (UZAs)  to have a common MPO or common Transportation Improvement Plan (TIP).  For densely populated regions like Northern New Jersey, the proposed  rule would reduce local decision-making by either forcing MPO  consolidation or requiring a burdensome multi-region single long-term  TIP that could weaken local input. The NJTPA region covering my  district already includes 6.7 million people and its TIP is over $2  Billion--adding any more to their plate would be unwieldy. We just need  to witness the dysfunction at the Port Authority of New York and New  Jersey to know that mandating New Jersey to undertake transportation  planning with New York City and New York State in this way would be a  recipe for disaster.   I thank my colleagues for advancing this bill, look forward to this  rule being put back on the shelf, and hope DOT can come up with  something less burdensome in their quest to reform transportation  planning processes.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Lewis) that the House suspend the rules  and pass the bill, S. 496.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   