 Mr. Speaker, let me first start by thanking the  leadership, the steadfast, never confused leadership of Congressman  Albio Sires. He is a man who I have had the privilege of traveling with  to Eastern Europe, where he is known there, as he is in the United  States, for one who is always fighting for those who are repressed,  oppressed around the world; which is why the people of Venezuela know  that they can count on Congressman Albio Sires for his leadership.   Thank you, sir, for never giving up, never fighting, never forgetting  those who are struggling under repression. You mentioned Congresswoman  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. She is a giant, a giant in the Halls of Congress,  a giant for not only things that obviously affect us here domestically,  because she is fighting for those, particularly those who are the least  fortunate in our society.   But if there is somebody who is known internationally as a fighter  for those who, again, are struggling for freedom, it is Ileana Ros- Lehtinen.   I thank you also, Mr. Sires, for mentioning the chairman of the  Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. We just heard from him, a person who,  again, is on the same track of always making sure that the--he makes  the United States look good by never forgetting human rights as a  fundamental pillar of our foreign policy.   The people of Venezuela are demonstrating that they are, in fact, the  heirs of Simon Bolivar. They are showing now, with 50 days of  consecutive demonstrations in the streets, that they are not willing to  accept repression. They are not willing to accept any more of this  dictatorship; that they are not willing to accept, as Mr. Sires  mentioned, in essence, a takeover from the Cuban regime of their  beautiful country of Venezuela.   And they are suffering because of that activism, that bravery of  hitting the streets. About almost 50 of them have been murdered since  this last number of demonstrations have taken place, not to mention the  dozens upon dozens of political prisoners, whether it is political  leaders, mayors, et cetera, who are in prison just because they are not  willing to stand by while their country has been taken over by this  horrendous, narco-terrorist, murderous dictatorship.   Frankly, I am here to commend the Venezuelan people and, as Mr. Sires  said, to let them know that they are not alone, that we stand with  them, that the United States Congress stands with them.   But I would be remiss if I didn't end as I started, Mr. Speaker, by  thanking these individuals who have spoken already: the giant of human  rights in the House of Representatives, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, the  chairman of the subcommittee, who never gets confused, and who is  always fighting for those who are struggling to regain or gain their  freedom; and yes, Albio Sires, who I have had the privilege of seeing,  not only who he is recognized here in this Congress by his colleagues  as a true freedom fighter for human rights, but I have been able to  travel with him and see that whenever you go anywhere with Albio Sires,  he is also recognized around the world as that champion for freedom.   So what a privilege to be part of and to be able to spend this time  with you. Thanks to each and every one of you for not forgetting the  struggle of Venezuela. I know that you have done it in your committee,  you have done it in your subcommittee, and this Congress is grateful,  and this Member of Congress is grateful for your leadership.   And I know that the Venezuelan people who are showing incredible  bravery know, and history will record that, in their toughest moments,  when they were putting their lives on the line, all of you, and this  Congress, stood with them.   So with that, thank you, Mr. Sires, for yielding to me.   