 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I was trying to think of a BYU football analogy to go with the  Clemson-Alabama analogy, but I haven't been able to come up with one  yet. I will work on it.   I rise in support of H.R. 274, the Modernizing Government Travel Act,  as amended. I appreciate the good work of Representatives Moulton,  Hurd, Meadows, Bustos, and Swalwell on this bipartisan measure.   H.R. 274 would expand the transportation options for Federal  employees on official government travel by allowing them to be  reimbursed for the use of ridesharing services such as Uber and Lyft.  This bill would also allow for the use of future mobility technologies  not yet known or available to be covered as by reimbursable travel  expenses. The General Services Administration would be directed to  issue implementing regulations. The bill would require Federal agencies  to submit to GSA detailed information on their travel costs, including  breakdowns of costs by transportation type by November 30 of each year.   GSA would be required to submit annual reports to Congress containing  an analysis or survey of agencies' travel costs as well as descriptions  of new or revised regulations.  [[Page H280]]    H.R. 274 is a commonsense, good government bill, and I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  my colleague from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (Mr. Moulton).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in strong support of the TALENT Act, a bill to ensure  that we continue to bring top private sector innovators into government  to help solve complex technological problems at Federal agencies.   The Presidential Innovation Fellows program was established by  President Obama in 2012 to identify and pursue projects that apply and  implement innovative private sector techniques in as little as 6  months. The program was made permanent by Executive Order 13704 in  2015, and would be codified by the bill before us today.   H.R. 39 would require the General Services Administration to continue  managing the program with guidance from an advisory board comprised of  representatives from different executive branch agencies. Over 100  Presidential Innovation Fellows have already been appointed to work  alongside dedicated civil servants at 25 Federal agencies and  departments.   At those agencies, fellows have been able to merge their experience  from top universities, pioneering companies, and successful nonprofits  with their desire to contribute to society through public service. This  collaboration has allowed the Federal Government to obtain new tools,  develop new technologies, and ultimately become more effective and  efficient.   Presidential Innovation Fellows have reshaped the way Americans  interact with their government in areas ranging from health care and  science to law enforcement and disaster response. Fifteen million  Americans can access their health data as a result of the program's  Blue Button initiative, and cancer patients can search for clinical  trials as part of work to support the Vice President's Cancer Moonshot  initiative.   Scientists can now obtain more weather data collected by NOAA, and  veterans can now more readily access custom prosthetic designs.   Citizens can review police records, including crime statistics and  data on officer-involved shootings. And FEMA and other first responders  can better target and prioritize their response to natural disasters.   All of these things have been made possible through the Presidential  Innovation Fellows program, and it is crucial that we continue our  support of these and other endeavors by ensuring its permanency.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 39.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, I just briefly congratulate everyone who  has been involved. As somebody who represents the bay area and  struggles with the innovation in the private sector there to integrate  it into the public sector at all levels of government, I really admire  the work by Mr. Hurd, the comments and the contributions by the  administration, and Mr. McCarthy and Mr. Hoyer.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on our side. I congratulate  Mr. Hurd.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   