 Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the chairman for  yielding me the time.   I have the great pleasure serving on the Rules Committee. I also have  the great pleasure of serving on the Budget Committee. So I felt it  incumbent to come down and talk a little bit about  [[Page H10255]]  the Byrd rule process that goes on in the Senate. It is part of the  1974 Budget Act. It became a custom in the Senate during 1985 and 1986,  and ultimately it was codified and put in the act permanently.   To describe what went on in the Senate as some sort of proofreading  error is just nonsense, just absolute nonsense. We have this process  called reconciliation that allows the Congress, the House, and the  Senate to get really tough things done. As a part of that process, the  Byrd rule says: What we don't want to do is get involved in extraneous  issues. We want to stay focused on these issues that are most important  to the American people. So if you try to get outside the lanes of  fundamental tax reform, those provisions become what they call  ``Byrdable.''   But, Mr. Speaker, you are probably as uplifted as I am by the  conversation you hear about the importance of bipartisanship and  collaboration. I wish that that were more true. What we saw yesterday  in the United States Senate I would tell you is a little bit of the  pettiness that we see on Capitol Hill.   Is it true that the Senate had the right to prevent parents who  homeschool their children from being able to finance that homeschool  education through taxes and 529 savings accounts?   The Senate had that right under the Byrd rule and they exercised it.  Democrats went after homeschooling parents and said: No tax breaks for  you.   They had the right to do it, but to describe that as some sort of  proofreading error over here is a mistake. It was intentional to give  homeschooling parents that opportunity and it was intentional when the  Senate Democrats stripped it out.   Secondarily, it was intentional to put a title on the bill: Jobs and  Tax Cuts. It was intentional. That is why we came together to focus on  this bill, because we care about jobs and we care about a 21st century  tax system.   Was the Senate completely within their rights to strip the title of  the bill?   Mr. Speaker, they were. If you believe when the Senate can't fund the  government, when the Senate can't reauthorize CHIP, when the Senate  can't reauthorize a 702--you go right down the list--and if you believe  it is an important use of the Democratic minority's time on the Senate  side to strike the title of the bill because it doesn't actually impact  deficit reduction, it is within their right.   Does it represent the highest and best use of their time?   It does not.   Does it represent the highest and best of those of us who are here in  public service together?   It does not.   I recognize that we have fundamental disagreements about the impact  of tax reform and its merits.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do great things together, and  occasionally I come down to this floor and I put my heart into it. I  don't just put my heart into it on the floor, I put my heart into it  for hours and hours, day after day, in the Rules Committee. I put my  heart into it on the Transportation Committee. I put my heart into it  on the Budget Committee.   Mr. Speaker, do you know what?   Sometimes I lose. Sometimes I lose. But what makes this process great  is we both come down here and do the very best that we can.   Let's not describe what is going on here for the American people as  some sort of proofreading error, as some sort of rush job where folks  didn't have time to do it right. That does a disservice not just to the  Members of Congress, but to the staff that work through these issues  with us side by side, day after day, week after week, month after  month, and, yes, in the case of this bill, year after year.   We have a choice with how we spend our days. I am proud that we spend  our days doing fundamental tax reform. It has been far too long. We  don't call it once in a generation because it is a rhetorical tool. We  call it once in a generation because there are men and women in this  Chamber who were not alive the last time that we did it. It is  important, and I am glad we are doing it.   The Senate has every right to do what the Senate did yesterday. And  by ``the Senate,'' I mean the minority Members who insisted on their  point of order. We could have sent this bill to the President's desk  with protections for homeschooling parents who are doing their very  best to provide for their kids, but my Democratic colleagues said no.  So this bill is still going to go to the President's desk. It is just  not going to have those protections. I believe that is a mistake. I  hope we will come back together. I hope we will right that wrong in the  coming days.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman so much for his leadership on this  issue. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for his leadership on this issue.  Regular order takes some time. I am glad we are getting it done.   