 Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague from the  State of Oregon for his detailed, lengthy, and compelling remarks on  the floor this morning about why he will vote against Betsy DeVos for  Secretary of Education for the United States. You have heard from my  colleagues last night, this morning, and for an entire day the concerns  they have come away with from her confirmation hearing and the concerns  they heard from their home State and from educators and parents,  teachers, and administrators--all concerned about education in their  home State.   I am honored to have a chance to add my few brief words this morning  to explain to my constituents and to everyone in this Chamber why I,  too, believe that Betsy DeVos is not qualified to serve as Secretary of  Education of the United States. A simple question for any parent out  there is this: Why would a parent want a classroom teacher who wasn't  qualified to stand before that class and teach their children? Why  would any community leader, civic leader, parent, or educator want a  principal who wasn't qualified to lead the school building, to lead  instruction, and to make sure that the school was moving forward in a  good and positive way? The answer is that they wouldn't. Why would any  parent, why would any business leader, why would any legislator want a  superintendent for a school district who had no previous experience in  public education and whose agenda was well outside the mainstream in  education? The answer is that they wouldn't.   So I think the question before us in the Senate today is, Why would  any of us want, support, or vote for a nominee to be Secretary of  Education who has demonstrated a lack of grasp for the basics of  education, which makes her, obviously, unqualified? The answer is, I  don't. We don't. We shouldn't.   As we saw during her abbreviated Senate hearing, Mrs. DeVos has no  grasp of basic public education issues. She has zero direct experience.  She hasn't taught in the public schools. She hasn't sent her kids to  public schools. She hasn't been educated or trained in teaching in the  public schools. She doesn't seem to understand, for example, that  Federal law provides basic protections for students with disabilities.  She has no idea what the IDEA is and why it is a central part of  protecting, supporting, and serving students with intellectual  disabilities. She refused to rule out privatizing public schools and  refused to commit to enforcing Federal laws that protect women and  girls in schools from sexual assault.   But that is not all. As if that weren't enough, Betsy DeVos has spent  her entire career and millions--even tens of millions of dollars-- methodically undermining the public school system in the United States,  from privatizing and defunding public education to undermining  accountability standards in Michigan and across the country. Betsy  DeVos has turned Michigan into the biggest school choice experiment in  the Nation. Unfortunately, for Michigan students and families, that  experiment has gone terribly wrong. There is a lot of talk in education  circles about two key issues--access and accountability.   What is stunning about Betsy DeVos's record in Michigan is that she  worked tirelessly to ensure access to taxpayer dollars for the widest  possible range of private and parochial schools, charters, and through  vouchers--schools of all types--academies newly established to take  advantage of taxpayer dollars and to siphon them into nontraditional  nonpublic schools but without accountability.   Without accountability, charters and choice can lead to tragic  results, can literally lead to siphoning desperately needed dollars out  of our public schools and into the pockets of those who would profit  from experiments in public education. Why would we allow access to  taxpayer dollars with no accountability for the performance? When did  it become something the other party would champion, that they would  have access to taxpayer dollars without accountability for results?   I understand the drive, the desire, even the passion for  experimentation in public education. I spent more than 20 years working  with the ``I Have A Dream'' Foundation. We served parents and students  in some of the toughest, most struggling public schools in the entire  United States.   I heard from parents that they wanted better schools for their kids.  I understand that in some communities there is a passion for  experimentation with charters and with choice, but to embrace that  without accountability, to ensure that the outcomes are better without  making any serious effort to ensure that these diverted taxpayer  dollars are not simply wasted or turned into a mill and a machine for  profit, I think is the worst sort of taking advantage of the hopes and  dreams of parents and students who are seeking progress, and it ends up  undermining and defunding and devaluing traditional public schools all  across our country.   As my colleagues, my friend from the State of Washington and many  others have pointed out, there are serious concerns with how  Republicans have considered her nomination. Mrs. DeVos was rushed into  her confirmation hearing before she had submitted the basic and  appropriate ethics paperwork, meaning Senators had no way of clearing  her from potential conflicts of interest.  [[Page S807]]    Traditionally, this has not been much of a concern, since we have  often had Secretaries of Education with long public careers who had  been subject to some transparency and some review previously. I cannot  remember a time when we had a Secretary of Education who was a  billionaire and thus subject to much broader potential conflicts of  interest. I frankly cannot remember a time when we had a President who  was a billionaire and declined--refused to release his taxes or to  address his manifest conflicts of interest.   So, frankly, the fact that the Senate HELP Committee raced forward  with Mrs. DeVos's confirmation without addressing some of these basic  issues is more concerning in this context than at any previous time.   As the members of this committee, who represent a broad range of  views and experiences--and it is exactly what the Senate is for--were  limited to one round of 5 minutes for questions, hardly sufficient for  any nominee, let alone a controversial nominee with no public education  experience other than undermining the underpinnings of the public  school system, we can only conclude that there was something behind  this effort to race Mrs. DeVos forward.   We have seen here on the floor, she has become so unpopular that the  other party has had to delay the confirmation vote in order to ensure  her confirmation. It is my guess that later this morning, we will see  the President of the Senate cast the deciding vote, something that  although not unprecedented, is certainly unusual and suggests that  other Senators have heard from their States, as I have from mine, a  chorus of opposition.   In her confirmation hearing, Mrs. DeVos struggled to articulate basic  concepts central to current debates in public education. In trying to  identify and reconcile the simple concepts of growth and proficiency,  she showed neither growth nor proficiency. She showed neither a grasp  of the basics, nor an ability to learn, nor a mastery of simple  concepts central to how we make progress in public education.   You know in the Senate, the Congress in recent years, after years of  disagreement and fighting with the Every Student Succeeds Act, we had  reached a modicum of agreement. We had reached a point of equilibrium  and had hopefully turned to a point where we could work together in a  bipartisan and balanced way on some of the pressing issues in higher  education, in elementary education, in career and technical education.   Instead, we see one of the more radical nominees ever for Secretary  of Education, someone who brings, I am afraid, an agenda, a strong and  forceful agenda that if it is continued nationally, as it was in  Michigan, I am concerned predicts a difficult future even for those who  are most in need of support, of engagement, of quality schools.   Even those who Mrs. DeVos claims to have dedicated her education  activism to advancing I think will be deeply harmed. None of these  reasons that I just laid out about the timing, about the length of the  hearing, about the disclosures, about her performance in the  confirmation hearing, none of them would, necessarily taken alone, be  cause for grave concern and alarm, but taken in combination, they are  fundamentally disqualifying.   Don't take my word for it. I am on five different committees. I have  lots of other confirmations I am challenged to be engaged in. I have  other issues going on that have made it hard for me to attend every  single meeting and hearing about Mrs. DeVos, but there are folks in my  home State of Delaware who have watched every minute, who have followed  it very closely, and who have, in an unprecedented wave of input,  reached out to my office.   Now, these numbers, if I were from a State like California or Texas  or New York, might not seem striking, but from my little State of  900,000 constituents, the idea that more than 3,000 Delawareans have  reached out to me urgently and directly is fairly striking. I have  gotten more than 450 phone calls in opposition to Mrs. DeVos.   My office in Wilmington received a signed petition with 800  signatures from Delawareans asking me, urging me to vote no. Someone  buttonholed me, literally, on the train this morning to make certain  that I was going to vote no. I have received more than 2,200 letters  from Delawareans, letters from educators, from parents, from community  and civic leaders, of all different backgrounds, all up and down my  State.   Those 2,200 letters make this one of the top issues that Delawareans  have reached out to me on in this past year. As I said, that may not  sound like a lot of input if I were from California, New York,  Oklahoma, Washington State--3,000 would be relatively few--but in my  State, that is a loud and clear message. So let me be just as loud and  clear in my reply. I hear you, and I will today vote against Betsy  DeVos for Secretary of Education. Let me take a minute and share with  you some of the concerns I have heard from Delawareans, constituents  who followed her confirmation hearing closely, who followed the record  of its progress from committee to floor closely and who raised the  alarm and who shared that with me.   One educator, a career teacher, somebody who is very agitated about  the record she showed in Michigan and what it might mean for our State  of Delaware, said--concisely: Why should we welcome a billionaire  President who nominates a billionaire friend who sees children not so  much as children to be educated and supported and served but as tokens  to be used as an experiment in privatization and profit made off our  public school system.   That educator said he was terrified. Jen, a middle school teacher at  Redding Middle School in Appoquiniminck School District tells me that  ``her first thought after watching Mrs. DeVos's Senate hearing was that  students deserve better than her.''   Jen goes on to say that ``students deserve a national leader in  education who has real experience working in public schools, someone  who knows the strengths and challenges that each student brings to the  classroom.''   Jen said: ``As a teacher, I need someone who will fight for all  students--low-income, gifted and talented, and especially our students  with disabilities.'' Jen said: ``I work in a classroom filled with  students like these,'' students of every background, skill level and  need, and ``they deserve someone better.''   Cheri wrote to me from Lewes, DE. She is a retired lifetime educator,  a district supervisor and coordinator. Just a few years ago, she  retired to Lewes after spending her life advancing public education.  She wrote that until now she never felt it necessary to write my  Senators to oppose a presidential nomination. But here's why this time  is different. As Cheri writes, Betsy DeVos is ``a proponent of school  vouchers which siphon dollars off from public schools. She does not  have a degree in education, has no experience in public education, and  has not shown a willingness to listen to and learn from practitioners  and experts in the field.''   Cheri is exactly right. Our kids deserve better. That is why, when it  comes to Betsy DeVos's nomination to serve as Secretary of Education, I  am not just voting no, I am voting no way.   It is important to me that everybody here knows that my constituents  in my State have spoken with nearly a unanimous voice. A very, very few  have conveyed any support whatsoever for Mrs. DeVos, and an  overwhelming voice of thousands have expressed concern, agitation, even  alarm at the idea that this person, with this record, would be handed  the reins of the Federal Department of Education with likely disastrous  results.   For this most foundational experiment, that is at the core of  American democracy, that is essential to our being a country where  equality of opportunity, the freedom to pursue our own skills and gifts  and have them enlightened, educated, uplifted is at the very core of  what it means to be American--public schools in which any child of any  background has a free and fair opportunity to pursue their God-given  talents and to rise through our society and contribute at the highest  levels--is not something to be played with, isn't something to be  experimented with casually.   It is something to be taken deeply seriously. We have challenges in  our public schools. We have challenges in our society. They are  reflected in our schools, but if our schools are not strong, if our  schools are not educating our children, we have no hope of becoming a  more just, a more equal, a more constructive, a more coherent, and a  more inspiring society.  [[Page S808]]    Our public schools are the very foundation of what it means to be  American. To put in charge of our Department of Education someone who  does not share that view pains me deeply, concerns my constituents, and  alarms many of us who have spent year after year trying to support, to  improve, and to advance public education in the United States.   For all these reasons, it is my intention to vote no; in fact, no way  today on Mrs. DeVos.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   