 Mr. President, this weekend, the city of Baton Rouge was  reminded of how precious life is and of the harsh reality of law  enforcement officers putting their lives on the line to protect us.   On Saturday, March 18, 2017, this past Saturday, East Baton Rouge  Parish Sheriff's Deputy Shawn Anderson made the ultimate sacrifice  while he and a fellow officer were conducting a rape investigation in  Baton Rouge.   We honor Deputy Anderson's life and recognize him for his 18 years of  faithful service to East Baton Rouge Parish, the State of Louisiana,  and our Nation for his service and his having been enlisted in the U.S.  Army.   Deputy Anderson embodied public service--taking action to help those  in need. Deputy Anderson repeatedly put his life on the line to protect  the lives of others. He spent 12 years as a member of the SWAT team and  was recognized in 2014 for serving more than 60 high-risk warrants in  the previous year with there having been no injuries or shots fired.   Last year, Deputy Anderson added midwifery to his job description  after having delivered a child. With baby on the way and the hospital  out of reach, a Prairieville, LA, couple turned to Deputy Anderson for  help. In stopping before the hospital, with baby emerging, Anderson  successfully delivered a healthy child before turning over the  situation to arriving EMTs. A Louisiana family asked for his help, and  Deputy Anderson answered the call.   This is the latest in a string of law enforcement tragedies to  inflict our State. Since January 2016, Louisiana has lost 11 officers  and one K-9 in the line of duty. I will read their names:   Here you see Deputy Anderson. Here we have Police Officer Michael  Louviere, of the Westwego Police Department, aged 26; Police Officer  Jude Williams Lewis, of the New Orleans Police Department, aged 46;  Police Officer Shannon Matthew Brown, of the Fenton Police Department,  aged 40; Deputy Sheriff Bradford Allen Garafola,  [[Page S1882]]  Sr., of the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office, aged 45; Police  Officer Matthew Lane Gerald, of the Baton Rouge Police Department, aged  41; Corporal Montrell Lyle Jackson, of the Baton Rouge Police  Department, aged 32; Sergeant David Kyle Elahi, of the Sterlington  Police Department, aged 28; Deputy Sheriff David Francis Michel, Jr.,  of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office, aged 50; Police Officer  Natasha Maria Hunter, of the New Orleans Police Department, aged 32;  Sergeant Derrick Morial Mingo, of the Winnsboro Police Department, aged  35; and K-9 Duke, of the Winnsboro Police Department.   Mr. President, thousands of men and women in law enforcement put on  the uniform, step into the community, and risk their lives daily to  keep us safe. Far too often, the price of this safety falls on these  officers and their families. Deputy Anderson represents the best of law  enforcement. He and his family deserve our admiration and support. His  sacrifice will be remembered. The prayers of a grateful State and  Nation are with his wife Rebecca, his daughter Delaney, and his son  Breland.   I yield to my colleague, Senator Kennedy.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.   