 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our  ranking member on the committee, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we have a crisis in suicide among veterans today in this  country. The official estimate, which I agree with the ranking member,  is probably an estimate that is too low: 20. I think the real number is  much higher than that, but 20 a day, we know for sure, are taking their  own lives in this country after they have put those same lives on the  line for this country.   Amidst that crisis, we know that those veterans who have an other  than honorable discharge are taking their lives at twice the rate of  those veterans who have an honorable discharge.   Thanks to Mr. Coffman, my colleague from across the aisle, thanks to  the bipartisan support of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, and  the leadership from the chairman and the ranking member, we are  beginning to address that, in ensuring that the 22,000 veterans who  have an other than honorable discharge since 2009, who incurred post- traumatic stress disorder or military sexual trauma while in service to  this country will now be able to see mental healthcare providers.  Before this, they were precluded from that.   I want to thank the Trump administration and especially Secretary  Shulkin for doing the most that they could administratively to see  these veterans in crisis in emergency rooms, but we need to take the  next step and ensure that they have preventative care, continuous care,  and continuity in that care going forward so that we save more of these  lives.   Given what these veterans have laid down for this country, what they  have done for the United States, making us stronger and better, serving  at less than 1 percent since 9/11 so that so many others do not have to  serve, the least we can do is to make sure that they have access to the  care that they have earned.   I want to thank Mr. Coffman and his team, the minority and the  majority staffs for incorporating the best ideas from both sides of the  aisle to make sure that we have a bill that will become law that  ensures that we do our best for our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank our colleagues on the other side of  the Capitol, in the Senate, especially Senator Murphy, who worked on  the companion legislation of this, to make sure that we have something  to bring to the President's desk.   