 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1654,  legislation sponsored by my good friend and colleague, Tom McClintock.   For centuries, Western States have fought over scarce water supplies.  We even have an expression in the West that says whiskey is for  drinking and water is for fighting over.   The water scarcity in the West led our visionary forefathers to build  Federal water storage projects throughout to provide water, hydropower,  recreation, flood control, and environmental benefits while adhering to  State water rights. These were nonpartisan endeavors, as evidenced by  President John F. Kennedy dedicating the San Luis Dam in California.   Now, while the Central Arizona Project came after President Kennedy,  it continues to bring prosperity to Arizona's cities, tribal  communities, and ranches almost 50 years from its inception.  [[Page H5087]]    The Glen Canyon Dam and other projects affiliated with the Colorado  River Storage Project provided the backbone of a regional economy that  produced year-round water and emissions-free hydropower.   Lake Powell, the reservoir behind Glen Canyon, allows for millions of  dollars' worth of recreational boating annually and even provided the  scenery for the astronaut crash landing in the 1968 science fiction  classic, ``The Planet of the Apes.''   For generations, these projects provided benefits to a growing  society, but what the Federal Government helped give, it has been  taking away.   The current regulatory process for constructing new surface water  storage is a bureaucratic maze that requires numerous permits and  approvals from a multitude of different Federal, State, and local  agencies. Conflicting requirements continue to cause unnecessary  delays, kill jobs, and result in us failing to capture precious water  supplies. Ranchers, agricultural and municipal water providers and  other stakeholders in the West need a clear process without the  bureaucracy.    H.R. 1654 establishes such a process by creating a one-stop-shop  permitting shop, with the Bureau of Reclamation in charge of the  permitting process for these important water storage projects in 17  Western States. This makes a lot of sense, as the Bureau of  Reclamation's multipurpose water projects made the West what it is  today. Generations of our prior leaders focused on the need to capture  water and deliver it to cities and fields.   Our communities always need water, and with the projected population  increases, we are going to need a lot more of it in the near future.   Let's build on the good work of previous generations. Get the  bureaucracy out of the way and pass H.R. 1654 so we have a clear  process moving forward for preserving worthwhile water infrastructure  projects.   There is an old adage: save for a rainy day. In this case, it should  be: save on a rainy day.   This act facilitates that very concept.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for sponsoring  such needed legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of  this commonsense bill.   