 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been a sorry spectacle for  Americans to witness what the polluting industries are doing, with the  full connivance of the Trump administration,  [[Page S7130]]  to the Environmental Protection Agency--an Agency that enjoys broad  popularity among the American people but is obviously a thorn in the  side of big polluters who make very big campaign contributions and  therefore have inordinately big influence here in Congress.   The creep show parade of nominees to the offices responsible for  protecting the public's health at EPA is nothing short of astounding.  It is an array of cranks, charlatans, hacks, lobbyists, and toadies in  really unprecedented measure in the history of our country. It seems  that at this point the key and only credential for appointment to the  Environmental Protection Agency is that you are reliably pro-industry  and reliably anti-public health.   We are facing a nomination for one of these characters, whose name is  William Wehrum. He was previously nominated to the EPA Office of Air  and Radiation in 2006, but even back then, his record was such a  scandal that the White House withdrew his nomination. Now, that was  2006. That was before Citizens United. That was before the flood of  political power to the big polluting industries. Now, on this new  political field, he is back, he is just as bad, and there is no hint  that the Trump administration has any intention of withdrawing his  nomination. He has a real problem dealing with environmental issues,  and I think it relates to his record.   In recent years, Mr. Wehrum has represented industry in 39 Federal  appellate cases opposing cleaner air protection. He is 39 to 0 in terms  of taking the side of industry against clean air protections, and 31 of  those cases involved lawsuits against EPA. So he will now be defending  and judging cases of the type that he brought against the EPA on behalf  of industry. Again, not one of those cases argued for better clean air  protections. Many of them questioned air toxic standards that had been  established by EPA. Some of the lawsuits were against rules that had to  be rewritten by the Obama administration when EPA failed to follow the  Clean Air Act, when a rule was thrown out by the courts for failing to  be true to the law. So this is not a great moment for the integrity of  government in this particular case.   When we asked Mr. Wehrum questions--for instance, I asked him about  carbon dioxide's role in the observable effects of climate change, and  he replied: ``The degree to which manmade [greenhouse gas] emissions  are contributing to climate change has not been conclusively  determined.''   That entire sentence hangs on one word: ``conclusively.'' So if 999  scientists said that this is indeed conclusive but you had 1 outlier--1  against 999--then you could argue that the degree to which manmade  greenhouse gas emissions are contributing to climate change has not  been conclusively determined. But in the world in which Mr. Wehrum is  going to be making decisions, that is not a relevant standard. That is  a standard that comes from the climate-denial talking points; it is not  a standard that arises from the law or from the way administrative  agencies are required to review scientific evidence.   The distinguished Presiding Officer was an attorney general and knows  very well that the standard for getting scientific evidence admitted in  a court proceeding is whether it is accurate to a reasonable degree of  certainty. There is no standard that it has to be conclusive; that is  an imaginary prop of the fossil fuel industry to be able to address the  fact that it is virtually unanimous science against them and there are  only a few payroll scientists floating around to keep it from being  conclusive.   To a reasonable degree of scientific certainty, are manmade  greenhouse gas emissions contributing to climate change? Without a  doubt. Indeed, NOAA and EPA have concluded that ``carbon dioxide is the  primary greenhouse gas that is contributing to recent climate change.''  That is it. And rules at an administrative agency have to pass the test  of being based on substantial evidence, as the Presiding Officer knows,  and not being arbitrary or capricious. In any rational world, it would  be arbitrary and capricious to deny the vast weight of science because  it is not 100 percent conclusive. Nobody makes decisions on that basis  in real life.   This, right in this individual's testimony, is a direct echo of  fossil fuel industry talking points, fossil fuel industry propaganda,  and it is a preview of coming attractions as to whose message he will  be mouthing in a position of public responsibility.   Similarly, I asked him about ozone. One of the goals of the Clean Air  Act itself is to set standards for how much ozone there can be in the  air. This makes a big difference to Rhode Island because Rhode Island  is a downwind State from most of the industrial and powerplant  emissions through the Ohio Valley, in the Midwest, and through West  Virginia. We actually have ozone alert days in Rhode Island--ozone  alert days, when you drive in in the morning and the drive-time radio  is warning you that this is not a good day to be outside. It looks  sunny. Ozone is transparent. It looks fine. It is usually warm because  ozone is propagated in warm air. So on a warm, sunny day, you are  driving in, it looks as if everything is fine, and you are warned that  the elderly, small children, and people who have breathing difficulties  or disabilities should stay indoors. That is the price Rhode Islanders  are asked to pay for this ozone pollution we have to live with--stay  indoors.   Ozone standards have been in place at EPA for 45 years. For 45 years,  EPA has regulated ozone. What did Wehrum answer when I asked him about  ozone? ``I am not familiar with the current science on the health  effects of ozone, so I cannot comment on your question as to the  appropriate level of the standard.'' Really? He wants to run this  office--the office which has been handling ozone regulation for 45  years--and he is not familiar with the current science on the health  effects of ozone? I think he is quite familiar with the current science  on ozone, and in this position, he is going to be looking for ways to  get around that science to help the ozone-emitting clients of his  private practice.   I asked him about the endangerment finding. The background of the  endangerment finding is this: In Massachusetts v. Environmental  Protection Agency, the Supreme Court of the United States decided that  carbon pollution was, in fact, a pollutant under the Clean Air Act.  They decided that in the Supreme Court, and that is now the law of the  land.   Then, pursuant to that Supreme Court determination, the EPA had to  take a look at whether it is a dangerous pollutant. And they did. Their  determination as to whether it is a dangerous pollutant is called an  endangerment finding. Sure enough, EPA found that carbon dioxide being  emitted by these fossil fuel plants is, in fact, a danger to present  and future Americans, to this generation and to generations to come.   Mr. Pruitt, who is one of the slyer rascals around out there, said in  the Environment and Public Works Committee that he would not contest or  seek to review the endangerment finding. There is an obvious reason why  somebody who is completely in tow to the fossil fuel industry would not  wish to revisit the endangerment finding; that is, because you would  drop an avalanche of scientific fact on your own head. You would be  obliged to put the phony little scrapes of climate denial that the  fossil fuel industry funds and propagates through a whole bunch of  front groups up against the real science that is agreed to by  essentially every legitimate scientific organization in America, that  is taught at every American State university in all 50 of our States,  that has formed the basis of our Defense Department's Quadrennial  Defense Review pointing out that climate change is a catalyst of  conflict and a national security risk, and that is recognized and  tracked by the National Laboratories of the United States that we fund.   Up against the phony-baloney nonsense that is propagated by the  fossil fuel industry, that is a rout. Of course, the last thing the  fossil fuel industry wants is a fair contest in a fair and factual  forum between the real science and their phony science denial. So, of  course, Pruitt doesn't want to kick that fight off, and, therefore, he  is now stuck with the endangerment finding.   I asked Mr. Wehrum about the endangerment finding, since it is a  finding related to greenhouse gases, which are subject to the Clean Air  Act, which would be his responsibility in  [[Page S7131]]  this position at EPA. He said: I currently do not have a view on the  endangerment finding.   I bet he had a view when he was being paid by the Rubber  Manufacturers Association to consider emissions of carbon dioxide; I  bet he had a view when he was being paid by the American Forest & Paper  Association; and I am pretty sure he had a view when he was being paid  by the American Petroleum Institute. So this new, sudden absence of a  view seems improbable in the extreme. It looks like the best thing he  can say to not have to admit the real science, knowing perfectly well  that if he actually tried to deny it, that same avalanche of real  science would fall around his head.   In some respects, it is tragic that we are now in a situation in  which an agency of the U.S. Government has been handed over to the  polluters lock, stock, and barrel. They have been given absolute sway  to drive an industry agenda through the Agency that is supposed to be  protecting us.   In the balance of Pruitt and all of his little minions in this creep  show array of appointees, all you can expect from them is the industry  point of view, as close as they can deliver it, without stepping on any  of the factual or legal traps that will snap shut on them if they go a  little bit too far and actually step into a forum like a courtroom or a  contested proceeding where they are obliged to be under oath, where  there is a prospect of discovery, and where you have to meet the proper  standards for administrative rulemaking, such as based on ``substantial  evidence'' or not ``arbitrary and capricious.''   There have been two recent descriptions that have come out that put  the climate change problem into perspective. The first is the ``U.S.  Global Change Research Program Climate Science Special Report,'' which  is part of the ``National Climate Assessment'' that Congress mandated  some years ago. The best scientists from 13 different agencies got  together, and over many, many months they put together a comprehensive  review of the science and of what is going on. The opening sentence is:  ``The climate of the United States is strongly connected to the  changing global climate.''   A little sidebar on that--what is happening on climate change in the  United States is strongly connected to the change in global climate.  When you dump carbon emissions into the atmosphere, it is not just our  atmosphere; it is everybody's atmosphere. When China or Russia or India  dump carbon emissions into the atmosphere, they are not just hurting  their atmosphere; they are hurting our common atmosphere of the planet.   A little trick that Administrator Pruitt has developed is--in  calculating the harms of climate change--to look only at U.S. emissions  and look only at U.S. effects.   If you have an international problem, as our scientists say, strongly  connected to the change in global climate, what happens when you look  only at the American effects and look only at the American emissions?  What that means is that when you are scoring the harm of climate  change, you are cutting it down to a mere fraction of what actually  exists. You are cutting out the harm that other nations cause to us  with their emissions, scrubbing it right off the books, and you are  scrubbing off the harm that our emissions do to other nations,  scrubbing it right off the books. It doesn't change the harm, of  course; it just tweaks the accounting with a piece of rhetorical  trickery to help the fossil fuel industry not have to be accountable  for the actual harm it causes. That is what we have learned to expect  from the EPA--nothing about the actual harm that climate change causes  but accounting trickery to try to dial the number down so that a huge  majority fraction of the harm never even gets counted.   ``This assessment concludes, based on extensive evidence, that it is  extremely likely''--which is the highest level of scientific  certainty--``that human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse  gases, are the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid- 20th century.''   It goes on. It is not only that the evidence entirely shows ``that it  is extremely likely that human activities, especially emissions of  greenhouse gases, are the dominant cause,'' but when you look at what  the alternatives might be, here is what the next sentence says: ``For  the warming over the last century, there is no convincing alternative  explanation supported by the extent of the observational evidence.''   Not only is there an avalanche of evidence supporting the  determination that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are  causing the climate change we have observed, but when you look to see,  well, maybe there is another explanation, there is none, zero. It does  not exist. Why not? Because it has never been real--the phony science  on the other side. It has always been propaganda. That is why it is  featured on talk shows instead of peer-reviewed scientific  publications. That is why it comes through phony industry front groups  like the George C. Marshall Institute rather than real scientific  organizations. We have known that for a long time.   I see that another speaker has come to the floor. Let me conclude  with the recent statement, just in the last few days, of the Pontifical  Academy of Sciences. One of the strongest voices for addressing climate  change has been Pope Francis. Pope Francis not only sees it as a real  problem for our planet and for our care of God's creation, but he also  sees it as a justice issue, as a moral issue. The wealthier societies  are degrading the quality of life in poorer societies, shifting costs  and harm to them, which they are much more vulnerable to than we are,  in a cocoon of wealth and air conditioning and supermarkets and all of  that. He has been a remarkable voice for this.   One of the things he did was to set up this panel to take a look at  climate change and what it means for the planet. The document is called  ``Declaration of the Health of People, Health of Planet and Our  Responsibility Climate Change, Air Pollution and Health Workshop.''   Here is its opening statement, which it calls the ``Statement of the  Problem.'' ``With unchecked climate change and air pollution, the very  fabric of life on Earth, including that of humans, is at grave risk.''   If you align the science that comes through the ``National Climate  Assessment'' and align the universities of our great country, the  national labs of our great country, the military experts in this area  in our great country, and now this international body pulled together  by Pope Francis, they all come to the same place. It is just here in  Congress, where the fossil fuel industry, through massive amounts of  political spending, has shut down responsible conversation about this  problem that there is any window for climate denial to creep back in-- and, of course, the ability of this administration, in tow to the  fossil fuel industry, to stick climate-denying fossil fuel operatives  into positions of public responsibility. This is a disgrace. The fact  that this body cannot stand up to them, cannot find patently  conflicted, patently unqualified nominations to be beyond the pale for  us is a terrible testament as to how the power of the fossil fuel  industry has corrupted our ability to perform our function in the  Senate.   With that, I yield the floor.   