 Mr. Speaker, there is something I very  much want to speak on. I rise today on behalf of my many constituents  back in Georgia's Eighth Congressional District who have been  negatively impacted by ObamaCare.   It is pretty clear to the vast majority of us that the attempt to fix  our Nation's healthcare problems by inserting more Federal control into  the system has simply failed. There are some counties in the district  that I represent in middle and south Georgia that are down to just  one--maybe two--insurance providers that people can choose from. That  is not competition, and that is not affordable. It is not even a choice  really, and it is certainly not ``if you like your plan you can keep  it.''   My colleagues and I on the Republican Study Committee have worked for  a couple of years, and we have offered a plan to repeal ObamaCare and  replace it with patient-centered reforms and free-market solutions for  American citizens.   The American Healthcare Reform Act is not just about repealing  ObamaCare. It is about fixing problems that existed in the healthcare  system before ObamaCare and problems that, quite honestly, were made  worse by ObamaCare. There is a lot of talk about what is in the bill  that is a problem. I would like to talk just a second today about what  is not in the bill that is a problem.   Mr. Speaker, the President, by leaving the health insurance industry  exempt from the antitrust laws of the country, created a bigger problem  than we had prior to the healthcare bill going in place. That's right.  I want you to hear what I said. Under ObamaCare, health insurance  providers are exempt from the antitrust laws. These are the very laws  that are designed to promote competition for the benefit of the  consumer.   How is it that ObamaCare can mandate that Americans purchase a  product from an industry that that very bill left exempt from playing  by the rules? Why did the President and the Democratic leaders leave  the health insurance industry exempt from the antitrust laws in the  bill? I have asked these questions over and over. It is baffling to me.  It means the big boys can play and the little man has to pay.   I wish somebody from the press would ask that question. I don't  understand why the press doesn't ask the Democratic Party: Why did you  leave the health insurance industry exempt from the antitrust laws of  the country? It is a question the President should answer.   The American Healthcare Reform Act reverses that. Our legislation  injects much-needed competition into the health insurance marketplace  by eliminating the antitrust exemptions for the insurance providers. By  applying the antitrust laws to the insurance industry, we are making  the market more competitive which, in turn, will drive down premium  cost, increase choice, and does so without adding any new taxes.   I hope the American Healthcare Reform Act will serve as the baseline  for discussions on how to repeal and replace ObamaCare, bring about  debate on how to lower healthcare costs, and allow for input from both  sides of the aisle, which is something ObamaCare did not do. Along the  way, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Speaker, I sure do wish the press would ask  the President and the Democratic leadership: How could you do that to  the American citizens?   