 Mr. President, the Senate is now considering H.J. Res. 40,  a resolution of disapproval regarding a misguided Social Security  Administration regulation that infringes on many Americans' Second  Amendment rights. As a cosponsor of the Senate companion to this  resolution, which was filed by Chairman Grassley, I would like to add  my voice to that of the many advocates, including the National  Disabilities Rights Network and groups such as the National Rifle  Association that work to protect the rights of law-abiding gun owners  who have expressed support for this important legislation.   I would also like to express my appreciation to Chairman Grassley and  others for their leadership on this issue. This ill-advised regulation  not only stigmatizes individuals with disabilities, it also violates  the Second Amendment and due process rights of many Americans, and it  should be repealed.   As a longtime supporter of Americans' constitutional right to keep  and bear arms, I was deeply troubled by this regulation, which allows  the Social Security Administration to report individuals they consider,  in the words used in the regulation, to be ``mentally defective'' to  the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, or NICS, if they  have ``mental impairments,'' receive disability insurance benefits, and  receive those benefits through a representative payee.   When someone receives benefits through SSA's representative payee  program, SSA field office employees have deemed them unable to manage  their finances. However, SSA's representative payee program itself is,  by many accounts, ineffectively administered.   You don't have to take my word for it. As recently as 2013, the  Government Accountability Office identified that SSA ``struggles to  effectively administer its Payee Program.'' There are unexplained and  large discrepancies across various regions of the country that SSA  serves in numbers of beneficiaries who are assigned by SSA field  offices to be in the payee program. Yet, despite these known gaps and  discrepancies, SSA apparently thought that this system was sufficient  to determine whether some beneficiaries should be afforded a  constitutional right.   Let's be clear. Under SSA's rule, individuals who are not found by  SSA employees or any other competent authority to be a danger to  themselves or others but rather simply need help managing their  finances will be prohibited from legally purchasing a firearm. While we  all want to make sure that the NICS system works effectively to prevent  violent criminals and those who actually do pose a threat from  purchasing firearms, this regulation is exceedingly overbroad.  Moreover, it is not at all clear to me that SSA employees in field  offices should be put in charge of deciding who can legally purchase a  firearm. Of course, the bureaucrats at SSA who were prodded by the  Obama administration to write the rule say they will create some sort  of internal structure to allow beneficiaries to appeal the decisions of  SSA employees. Of course, that means SSA would need to construct a new  costly adjudication system to review decisions that its employees are  not well-equipped to make in the first place. This is particularly  strange, given that it is standard practice at SSA to decry the  agency's funding levels while also claiming it is already unable to  adequately serve its beneficiaries due to budgetary shortfalls.   All of this simply does not add up. The SSA is not at all equipped  for this kind of decisionmaking; moreover, the standards that would  apply under the regulation for SSA to report a beneficiary to the NICS  represent a much lower bar than the one anticipated in the applicable  Federal statutes to determine the eligibility to purchase a firearm.  That being the case, we need to pass Chairman Grassley's resolution of  disapproval, which has already been approved by the House of  Representatives with bipartisan support.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this  resolution.   I thank my friend from Oregon for allowing me to go forward on this  short set of remarks.   I yield the floor.   