 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act. This bill is pro- life, it is pro-family, and it is pro-taxpayer. I want to thank  Representatives Chris Smith and Diane Black for their unwavering  leadership in bringing this bill forward.   Among other important actions, what I am excited about is this bill  finally makes the Hyde amendment permanent. This important and  longstanding policy prohibits taxpayer dollars from being used to fund  abortions through Federal programs. For many years, it was the policy  of America that, whether you were pro-choice or, as I am, strongly pro- life, your taxpayer dollars would not be used for the controversial act  of abortion.   Taking this action now is especially important given that, under the  Affordable Care Act, taxpayer-funded health insurance subsidies have  been funneled toward health plans that do cover abortion services. The  bill before us today will ensure that taxpayer dollars aren't used in  any form to cover elective abortions. This policy will be permanent,  and it will apply governmentwide, including to the Affordable Care Act.   Right now, House Republicans are working to repeal this failed law  and put in place a 21st century healthcare system Americans deserve. By  passing this bill, we can also take immediate action to protect life  and taxpayer dollars from the law's harmful impacts.   For me, this is a family issue. My wife and I are proud parents of  two adopted children. We have a family only because two women in two  very difficult situations chose life. It is important that our  government and the laws that represent us encourage those choices and  encourage and protect innocent lives. This bill today takes such an  important step forward.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank, again, Congressman Smith and  Representative Diane Black for their leadership. I urge all my  colleagues to join me in supporting its passage.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel).   