 Mr. President, I have always believed that elected  officials should do more listening than talking.   The breadth of issues that we address here in the Senate is as vast  and diverse as our Nation. We rely on input from experts, from  stakeholders, and from constituents to craft responsible, meaningful  policy. In the past month alone, I have had the opportunity to attend  bipartisan hearings on cyber security, countering violent extremism,  self-driving cars, rural broadband, nuclear defense policy, and the  posture of our Armed Forces, just to name a few. These issues are vital  to our economy and our national security, and they are worthy of the  time and effort that went into convening these very important hearings.   But over the same timespan, the Senate did not hold a single hearing  on healthcare, while a handful of Republican Members drafted a flawed  healthcare bill behind closed doors.   Healthcare policy is unique. It is very complex, while also being  deeply personal. Throughout our lives, doctors and nurses are with us  for some of our most significant moments. Whether it is responding to  trauma in an emergency, helping us live with chronic conditions,  devising treatment plans for an ailing parent, or delivering a newborn  child, our medical professionals are there for us when we are at our  most vulnerable.   We are all vulnerable. Life does not discriminate. Anyone can get in  a car accident and need months of physical therapy. Anyone can be  diagnosed with cancer and require surgery, radiation, or chemotherapy.  Anyone can have a son or daughter born with cystic fibrosis. But in  this great country, I believe no one should ever go bankrupt because  they get sick, and no one should ever die because they cannot afford  quality health insurance.   I believe healthcare policy is very complex, and we have to work very  hard at it, but I am also guided by a very simple moral concept: No  matter who you are and no matter where you live in this country, no  citizen should ever be forced into bankruptcy because they are sick and  no one should ever die because they can't afford quality insurance.   I urge my colleagues to use the coming days to think about their  goals for healthcare in our Nation and be guided by their own moral  conscience. Passing a politically expedient proposal that can get 51  Republican votes after significant arm-twisting so that the Senate can  move on to tax reform is not in the best interest of the American  people, and I believe it is simply irresponsible.   I believe that we should provide the best care possible to as many  Americans as possible while making sure that it is affordable. Now, I  honestly can't say whether my Republican colleagues share these goals,  but I can say  [[Page S3812]]  that the Senate healthcare bill that we saw this week does not hit the  mark. I urge my colleagues to use the coming days to really think about  what this bill will mean for the families in their State.   I feel fortunate that Michiganders have been willing to share their  heartfelt stories with me in recent years. They are fearful that  repealing the Affordable Care Act will not only put them in jeopardy  but also their friends, family, and neighbors.   I have heard from Amy from Metro Detroit. She is 53 years old and has  type 1 diabetes, also known as juvenile diabetes. Amy is a self- employed small business owner. Before the Affordable Care Act,  insurance companies viewed her diabetes diagnosis as a preexisting  condition and were able to charge her more because of it. After the  Affordable Care Act was implemented, Amy was able to shop around and  find a much more affordable plan with the same level of benefits that  she had before. While Amy does not qualify for subsidies to help  purchase insurance, she was still able to cut her healthcare costs in  half because of the Affordable Care Act. Amy fears--and rightfully so-- that if the Republican healthcare bill passes, her costs may skyrocket,  jeopardizing her business and everything she has worked her entire life  for.   I have heard from Tammy, who lives in Marne, MI. Tammy's daughter  Erin is 10 years old. Erin was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis at 18  months. She takes 23 pills and does 2 hours of breathing treatments  each and every day. She is a fighter, and her whole family has pulled  together to support her, but they are also very worried about her  future. Erin's family has private insurance, but they supplement the  high cost of her care through Medicaid. Tammy is afraid that the $800  billion cut to Medicaid will jeopardize their ability to afford Erin's  care and would cast an absolutely devastating blow to their family.   Finally, take Stefanie from Livonia, MI. Stefanie worked her entire  life in the customer service industry, primarily in retail and in  restaurants. She was never offered health insurance by her previous  employers, and, until the Affordable Care Act, she never had health  insurance as an adult. Then, in December 2015, Stephanie's third floor  apartment caught fire, and she was left to make a horrific decision  about whether to jump from her third floor apartment or die inside the  burning building. Well, Stefanie jumped from the window to save her  life, and she sustained serious injuries, including a broken back and a  shattered foot. Because of the Affordable Care Act, she was able to  receive treatment for her injuries, which included a month's stay in  the hospital, multiple surgeries, and absolutely excruciating physical  therapy to finally heal in the end. Stephanie's treatment came in close  to $700,000, an amount that would surely bankrupt nearly any American.   These stories and many more are what health insurance is truly about.  For people like Stefanie, Amy, and Erin, we should do more listening  than talking. We should listen to Stefanie, Amy, and Erin, and we  should listen to the hundreds of healthcare experts who have expressed  their strong opposition to this bill and the impact that it will have  on the healthcare system in this country.   I would urge my colleagues to listen to the AARP, the American  Academy of Pediatrics, the American Diabetes Association, the American  Hospital Association, the American Heart Association, the American  Medical Association, the Children's Hospital Association, the National  Alliance on Mental Illness, the National Breast Cancer Coalition, and  the National Council on Aging, just to name a few.   I am not just hearing from these national groups. I am also hearing  from local healthcare professionals all across my State. Hospitals and  community clinics in Michigan--particularly, the ones in the rural  areas--are telling me this bill could cause them to close their doors.  This will jeopardize access to care in communities that are already  medically underserved. Costs will go up for seniors and individuals  with preexisting conditions, like Amy.   No one chooses to get sick. But when we are confronting a disease or  injury, health insurance is a lifeline. It allows us to get better, to  get back on our feet, and it simply allows us to keep living.   In American society, healthcare coverage is our promise that if you  work hard and you play by the rules, you will have the healthcare you  need when you need it the most. As I have already said, no one in this  great country should be forced into bankruptcy because they are sick,  and no one--no one--should ever die because they can't afford quality  insurance.   The Republican healthcare bill is irresponsible. This bill will strip  away health insurance from 22 million Americans. This bill would put  more and more Americans at risk of financial ruin from unpaid medical  bills, and it would put more Americans at risk of dying because they  can't afford the care they so desperately need.   This bill cannot and should not be salvaged with minor tweaks and  arm-twisting to win a few votes.   I urge my colleagues to go back to the drawing board and begin an  open, bipartisan process where we all listen to our constituents, hold  hearings with experts, and work together to keep what works and to fix  what doesn't. Let's let common sense rule the day and not partisan  ideology. We should do what is best for our folks back home and ensure  that everyone has access to quality, affordable healthcare.  Michiganders and all Americans deserve nothing less.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   