 Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, let me thank my  friend from Illinois for his very thoughtful and warm remarks about  somebody who we all admired very much, Ed Greelegs.   I remember so many times talking to him about the rights of seniors,  and a lot of us who thought we knew something about the subject didn't  know half of what Ed did. This was a guy with a really razor-sharp  mind, but he had an even bigger heart, and particularly a heart for  people without clout and power. I don't think it was an accident that  he gravitated to the senior Senator from Illinois, I might add as well.   So I thank my friend for his very gracious remarks about somebody we  all admired very much.   Mr. President, I am here this afternoon because from the people who  brought us TrumpCare, which was so favorable to the fortunate few and  the special interests, now comes legislation that is going to make it  harder for working people and working families to save for their own  retirement. To kind of put that in context, whenever we have a debate  about retirement, we always hear people say: You know, you just ought  to realize that Social Security, this earned benefit--an earned benefit  for Americans--you have to realize it is not going to cover everything.  You have to save privately. You have to save for your retirement. And  now, what we are seeing is the powerful special interests--the people  with deep pockets and great political influence--are talking about  restricting the chance for those typical working families to do the  very thing that those people usually say is the solution. They say: No,  we can't have government programs; you have to save privately for your  retirement. And now come along those very powerful special interests,  and they want to talk about restricting the ability of working families  to save privately.   So we are now debating the first of two resolutions that would put a  huge dark cloud over the new programs with individual retirement  accounts, called auto-IRA programs, that States like mine and a handful  of cities are seeking to build.   Right now, immediately, it is the locally based programs that are  trying to promote private savings, giving the working-class family the  chance to do it, and they are the ones who could be undermined. Of  course, depending on what happens around here, the State programs could  be next.   So at this time in American history, when we are facing a very large  challenge with respect to savings, when a little over half of the  workers approaching retirement age have nothing--zero--saved in  retirement accounts such as individual retirement accounts or 401(k)  plans, these two resolutions amount to a game plan that would take the  savings crisis, which is already bad, and make it worse.   Around 55 million Americans don't have access to a retirement plan at  work. More often than not, it is the employees of small- and medium- sized businesses who don't have that job benefit, and it is no fault of  their own. In my view, this shouldn't even be a partisan question.  There ought to be bipartisan interests in helping these workers find  new opportunities to save. It ought to be easier than it is today.   I see my friend and colleague from the Finance Committee in the  Chair, and as he knows, we have had countless committee hearings in the  Finance Committee. We have been part of multiple floor debates when I  have heard Members on both sides of the aisle talk about the importance  of private savings. Yet here we are in the Senate, and yet we are  looking at an effort on the part of the majority at this point that  wants to ram through resolutions that would make it harder to save, not  easier.   So juxtapose what is going on today and then think about all of the  committee hearings in the Finance Committee, in the HELP Committee,  where we hear people talk about private savings. We ought to make it  easier; we ought to have smarter policies. Today the U.S. Senate is  looking at making it harder for working families to save.   Here is a little bit of background about this and what it means to my  home State of Oregon, and we are looking at winning the NCAA  championship here in a few days, so there are a lot of things we are  talking about in Oregon right now. But I wanted to especially come and  talk about another area where we are leading right now; that is, trying  fresh approaches to retirement savings.   Oregonians want as a State to help close the gap for the 55 million  Americans without an employer-sponsored plan. After a lot of study and  careful planning, my home State of Oregon is one of a handful of States  that have passed what has come to be known as an auto-IRA. The actual  name of the program is OregonSaves, and it is set to launch this  summer.   What it means--and the highlight of it is this is a voluntary  program--is we are creating a new set of opportunities for workers to  actually save. What it means in my State is if you are a worker at one  of these businesses, when you get a job, you will get a retirement  account, and you will be able to start saving.   Now, I want to emphasize that it is not mandatory. Any worker who  wants to opt out could do so, but it is designed to be simple and easy  to use for everybody involved.   I wish to describe for a moment some of my conversations with  Oregonians and workers who have been part of these auto IRAs. They come  up at townhall meetings in every county of my State--I have had a  little over 800 now--and we have discussed savings. They come up often,  and they say: I have been hearing about these new IRAs, and I am  automatically enrolled in one.   Then they say: You know, if they hadn't automatically enrolled me in  it, I probably wouldn't have done it because there is always an expense  in our  [[Page S2086]]  household, there is always something we think we probably should do,  and we would say to ourselves: We had better do that now, and we can  come back and talk about saving later.   Those employees have come up and said: We probably wouldn't have done  it without this automatic enrollment. But, Ron, I am so glad that we  have it because I have seen that this is really beneficial, and it in  effect has persuaded me that I have to take a very disciplined  approach. I am glad this is automatic, and I especially like the fact  that I have the last word on the subject. In other words, if I feel for  one reason or another I can't do this automatic savings, there would be  an opportunity for me to opt out.   It is automatic, and it provides this path for people to start  saving. It is cost-effective. It is straightforward for employers. It  eliminates a lot of redtape and administrative hassle. Most  importantly, it gives the worker the last word--the right to opt out of  this.   The Trump administration says it wants to cut redtape that burdens  business. In my view, this legislation does the opposite. It makes it  harder for small businesses to provide retirement savings programs for  their workers.   One after the other, Oregon employers are raving about the  opportunity the program represents for them, especially when it comes  to recruiting and retaining top-notch employees and helping those  workers build a nest egg. I just gave a little bit of empirical  evidence from these community meetings I hold where workers say they  particularly like what this does. It is almost like a little bit of a  nudge to save and build a nest egg.   Judi Randall, the finance director of an affordable housing provider  in Roseburg, OR, says it would make a big difference for a rural  nonprofit organization like hers to have OregonSaves available to help  employees secure their retirement.   Joy Andersen, another Oregon leader, is the administrator at the  Asher Community Health Center in Fossil, OR. I had my first community  meeting in this small town of about 500. Joy has talked about how  important it is to her to have an attractive retirement plan to recruit  employees to come work in Fossil in eastern Oregon.   Kevin Max runs Statehood Media in Bend, a small company with big  aspirations. He notes that there is no better State in the country than  Oregon when it comes to employee recruitment. He says that OregonSaves  gives companies like his another leg up with an even better package of  benefits.   I believe it defies logic that in light of all of these positive  returns from employers and from workers, that the Congress would want  to stamp out a program like OregonSaves which has so much potential,  but the resolution going after State initiatives--and there are two-- would pose that kind of threat.   My view is that these are not easy programs for States or cities to  set up. There are legal issues that date back decades that have to be  worked through. There is a lot of heavy lifting at the Labor Department  to get the legal roadblocks out of the way. If these resolutions pass,  it would wipe out months and months of work that has gone into making  this kind of State- and local-based partnership possible.   This particular issue ought to be a no-brainer. Saving in the private  economy is the right thing, as I have said, for a host of reasons.  People scrimping and saving to set aside money for retirement is the  key to a healthy retirement policy so everybody is in a position to  have a dignified retirement rather than stretching every penny they  have, relying just on Social Security, family members, and food banks  to make ends meet. I believe our people want the opportunity to save,  and they like the idea of this automatic IRA because it is fair to  workers and fair to employers.   My view is that the Senate ought to stand up and recognize that by  voting against these ill-advised resolutions, this is a chance to  support the interests of working people who would like to save in the  private economy, ahead of special interests. I hope the Senate will do  the right thing for those hard-working people and their families and  vote these resolutions down.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   