 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation. I  ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--as I stood in front  of town halls and I listened to thousands of folks across my district  say what we should be working on is fixing the Affordable Care Act to a  T, I have heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say: It is  not perfect; we need to repair it.   Yet, today we take the first step in this endeavor by the legislation  that is before us, and all we hear is how bad this legislation is. All  we hear today, Mr. Speaker, is how bad this first step in this journey  for the American people we need to go on when it comes to American  health care is.   I don't hear rhetoric saying let us talk about phase 2, let us talk  about phase 3, where we can come together as Democrats and Republicans  for the people we represent.   The American people are lost in this bickering that we have here in  this Chamber today, but I don't forget their voice. I am not going to  forget the voice of the constituents that came to me as small-business  owners saying: You are putting me out of business with these insurance  premiums. They are going through the roof.   I won't forget the faces of the people who are saying: My copays are  going through the roof. My deductibles are higher. I don't have  coverage that I had 7 years, 8 years ago before ObamaCare.   Mr. Speaker, I implore all of us in this Chamber to work together for  the American people as a whole. The American people want freedom. They  don't want mandates. They want to choose the insurance that works best  for them. They want to access their doctors that they select. They want  to have the promise that was made to them, that they could have their  insurance and keep it going forward honored and respected by this  institution. That is what our legislation starts today.   Not a soul on our side of the aisle says the issue of health care  will go away because of the first step we take today, because we have  to do better for the American people when it comes not only to health  insurance, but for health care in America. I know we can, and I want to  be a voice to say let us join together to get this done for the  American people.    