 Mr. Speaker, every year that I have had the honor to  serve Oklahoma's First Congressional District, I have also faced the  unfortunate reality that I will lose constituents to tornadoes, as will  many of us who represent constituents in Oklahoma. This terrible fact  has motivated me and others from our delegation to work hard for  policies that will save lives and property and move us to a day where  we have zero deaths from tornadoes or other extreme weather events.   I would like to thank Chairman Smith, Vice Chairman Lucas, and  Environment Subcommittee Ranking Member Bonamici for their tireless  efforts to see this bipartisan legislation move forward.   The Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 is the  product of extensive negotiations between the Environment Subcommittee,  which I chair, and the Senate Commerce Committee, and I am proud of the  bipartisan and bicameral agreement that this bill represents.   H.R. 353 directs the NOAA Administrator to prioritize activities that  will save lives and protect property. Again, this is critically  important to my State, which is in the heart of tornado alley.   This legislation will help NOAA develop more accurate and timely  warnings for hurricanes, tornadoes, and other high-impact weather  events. It calls on NOAA to develop a plan to maintain forecasting  capabilities that are second to none in the world, primarily because,  by some metrics, we lag behind our counterparts in Europe, the U.K. and  Canada.   The bill encourages better cooperation across NOAA offices and  enhances collaboration with universities, such as the University of  Oklahoma, which is a national leader in weather research.   It will also ensure that innovative methods and technologies, such as  warn on forecast, currently being developed at the National Severe  Storms Laboratory in Norman, Oklahoma, are rapidly deployed in  operational status so that the American people can benefit.   Further, beyond improvements to short-term forecasts of extreme  events, the bill directs NOAA to improve our understanding of seasonal  forecasts, which can be immensely useful to industries such as  agriculture.   Mr. Speaker, I am particularly pleased this bill finally authorizes a  commercial weather data pilot program. H.R. 353 authorizes $24 million  over the next 4 years for a pilot program for NOAA to purchase  commercial space-based weather data and test it against NOAA's  proprietary data. This can improve forecasts and save the Federal  Government money. This will allow NOAA to continue to expand upon the  two pilot contracts it awarded in September of last year.   Mr. Speaker, this has the potential to be a paradigm-shifting  provision. Commercial weather data can augment the data we receive from  systems such as JPSS and GOES, while also serving as a mitigation  strategy in the event we experience a gap in weather data from these  systems. More data from innovative sources has a real potential to  improve our forecasting capabilities.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I believe there will come a time when  there will be zero deaths from tornadoes. I think this bill will help  us implement the necessary steps to get there.   I once again thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee for all their very hard work to get this done, and  I encourage our counterparts in the Senate to move this legislation to  the President's desk quickly.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   