 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule because I rise in  opposition to the underlying budget--a budget which is really a budget  buster that could be before the full House for consideration tomorrow.   It calls for an additional $1.5 trillion worth of debt accumulated  over the next 10 years. They call for that, I fear, in order to clear  the path for unpaid-for tax cuts. There is a bipartisan path to move  forward on tax reform. It has been 31 years since we have taken a  serious run at the Federal code. It is long overdue. It is one that  would simplify the code, that would broaden the base and lower the  rates and make us more competitive at home, but especially abroad, in  light of what the rest of the world has done.   That can also help promote economic growth, but I fear that that is  not the direction that the opposing party is taking with their tax  reform proposal. I say fear because we haven't seen the details yet. So  we can't say with certainty just what exactly will be offered over the  next couple of weeks. But if history is any guide, there is a  proclivity to pass large tax cuts that are not paid for.   If history is a guide, we have been down this road before, in the  1981 tax cuts, the 2001, the 2003, that promised to bring a boon of  economic growth that would offset and pay for the lost revenue. It  didn't materialize. Instead, we had huge budget deficits.  Unfortunately, today, we don't have the luxury of time to help us  recover from a huge fiscal mistake. Because today, 70 million baby  boomers are beginning their massive retirement and joining Social  Security and Medicare--10,000 a day.   If we go down this route of going with massive tax breaks that aren't  paid for, we are going to jeopardize the long-term solvency of Social  Security and Medicare at exactly the wrong moment in our Nation's  history. The folks back home tell me they would like to see tax reform  along the lines that I just described, but they are not telling me that  they are more interested in trickle-down economics where the  predominant relief goes to the most wealthy, hoping that it somehow  benefits everyone else.   Now, they would like to see it a little fairer for working families,  for small businesses, for family farmers so that they can share in the  economic growth and the prosperity that could be offered if we do this  the correct way in a bipartisan fashion.   But instead, I fear that we are going to be witnessing history repeat  itself. But unlike the time of the past, we don't have the luxury of  time going forward without jeopardizing Social Security and Medicare,  and without leaving a legacy of debt once again for our children and  grandchildren to inherit.   So let's regroup. Let's do a budget that makes sense for the long- term fiscal solvency of important programs, but especially our  children's future. This budget doesn't get us there.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reject the rule and reject the  budget if it comes up tomorrow.   