 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I introduced the All Circuit Review Act, Mr. Speaker, to send a clear  message to all Federal employees who blow the whistle on wrongdoing  that we here in Congress have their backs.   This bill would give Federal employees who face retaliation for  blowing the whistle a more equitable playing field when they challenge  that retaliation in court. Under the bill, whistleblowers could file  appeals in the jurisdictions where they work or live, rather than  having to file appeals in the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in  Washington, D.C. Whistleblowers who live outside of Washington, D.C.,  should have the same opportunities as those who live in Washington.   I want to thank Representative Blake Farenthold for cosponsoring this  bill with me. Representative Farenthold has been a steadfast supporter  of this basic due process right for Federal employees.   The bill we are considering today makes permanent a pilot provision  that was included in the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act,  which was signed into law in 2012. That pilot provision will expire in  November if we do not send this bill to the President before then.   Without this bill, whistleblowers could appeal a decision of the  Merit Systems Protection Board only to the U.S. Court of Appeals for  the Federal Circuit. The Federal circuit has historically been overly  restrictive of whistleblower rights.   According to the Merit Systems Protection Board, 29 cases have been  appealed to courts other than the Federal circuit since 2012. The  Project On Government Oversight sent a letter to the Oversight and  Government Reform Committee on May 2, 2017, in strong support of this  bill. Executive Director Danielle Brian wrote as follows: ``The pilot  program has been a success. It has not resulted in a flood of  whistleblower appeals as opponents of the program asserted it would do,  and it allows for potential circuit splits, which encourage sister  circuits to review the laws and allows for possible Supreme Court  review. It is working exactly as intended and should be made permanent  before it expires in November 2017.''   The bill was approved by the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee without opposition in May. Two years ago, Congress approved  an extension of the All Circuit Review Extension Act pilot program in  2014 without a single negative vote.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the whistleblower bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3031, the TSP  Modernization Act of 2017.   I thank the Government Operations Subcommittee chairman, Mr. Meadows,  for working with me in a bipartisan manner on this commonsense, good  government bill. I also thank the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee chairman, Mr. Gowdy, for his support of this legislation.   Congressman Meadows and I introduced this legislation to make the  Federal Government's Thrift Savings Plan more closely align with  private sector best practices by allowing TSP participants more  flexible withdrawal options.   In 2013, the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board found that  employees who separated from Federal service transferred $9 billion out  of their TSP accounts to other financial institutions. TSP participants  do this because private sector 401(k) plans provide more flexibility,  and they wanted more options for withdrawing money in case they needed  it.   A 2014 survey of TSP participants who withdrew funds showed that more  than 50 percent reported that they wanted more flexibility to withdraw  funds to address life events.   Current law limits participants to only one withdrawal from their TSP  accounts while in Federal service after reaching age 59\1/2\, and  participants who make this type of age-based withdrawal cannot take  another partial withdrawal once they separate from service. Similarly,  participants who are separated from Federal service and who have not  made a prior age-based withdrawal are restricted to making only one  partial separation withdrawal.    H.R. 3031 would eliminate these restrictions and allow participants  to make multiple age-based and post-separation withdrawals from TSP  accounts. The bill also would allow participants to elect to combine  partial withdrawals with an annuity. It also would eliminate automatic  annuities as a default option in the absence of an election by  participants.   By providing greater withdrawal flexibility, studies show that  participants would be more likely to keep their assets in their TSP  accounts. For example, a study issued by Vanguard in 2013 found that 50  percent more participants and assets remain in retirement plans when  partial disbursements are allowed.   Providing more withdrawal options for Federal employees and retirees  in the TSP may help their financial security since administrative fees  for the TSP are much lower than fees charged by other financial  institutions.   This legislation is supported by the National Active and Retired  Federal Employees Association, the American Federation of Government  Employees, and the National Treasury Employees Union.   