 Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues to vote  for the bill. The reason I ask you to vote for the bill is kind of like  the reverse: What is going to happen if this bill fails?   If this bill fails, you won't be able to have the huge increase in  funding in HSAs, a free-market, patient-centered tax provision which is  going to help many people and particularly allow flexibility for older  married couples.   If this bill doesn't pass, we are going to continue to levy fines on  young people who don't want health insurance, as so many people have  not had when they are young. We will continue to levy fines on small  business that can't afford health insurance.   If this bill fails to pass, we are not going to allow States to put  work requirements on Medicaid. Quite frankly, Medicaid, in many ways,  is a more generous policy than the one that people who do work are able  to afford through their insurers.  [[Page H2414]]    If this bill doesn't pass, we won't be able to stop the bleeding on  Medicaid funding. We are approaching a $20 trillion debt. Of course,  the bulk of that spiraling debt is caused by mandatory spending, of  which Medicaid is one of the worst parts.   Finally, for the first time in years, we are passing a law that will  make a significant dent in that mandatory spending.   If this bill isn't passed, we prevent putting a provision in here  requiring documentation of citizenship for Medicaid. Right now, we are  becoming the healthcare provider for the world. We cannot afford to  become the healthcare provider of the world.   Under this bill, we are providing funds, seed money for high-risk  pools for States, which will hold down insurance costs, which is the  underlying problem we have here.   If this bill doesn't pass, we continue to fund abortion providers. I  think this is the best bill in decades for those of us who wish we  would stop funding these organizations.   We are providing assistance for people who can't get insurance  through their employer. It is high time the Tax Code provided equality  for people who get insurance from their employer and those who don't.   Finally, if we don't pass this bill, we don't end ObamaCare.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Already a third of the counties only have one provider.  If we don't pass this bill now, we are going to go into the next year  and we are going find a lot of people who think they have ObamaCare but  have nothing because there will be no providers left.   We have got to step in to save those people and provide insurance in  those counties in which ObamaCare will leave no insurance companies  remaining.   