 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 616, I call  up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize  appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the  Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense  activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel  strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R.  2810.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, for 55 straight years under both parties, Congress has  come together to pass a defense authorization bill to support our  troops and our country's security. Along with my partner on the Armed  Services Committee, Mr. Smith, I am pleased to bring a conference  report that will do so again.   Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge and thank all the Members on both  sides of the aisle who contributed to this product, and especially the  members and staff of the House Armed Services Committee.   I also want to thank the conferees from the 14 other committees of  the House who were appointed to the conference, and I appreciate their  contributions.   Finally, I want to express my appreciation for the opportunity to  work with Mr. Smith and with our colleagues in the Senate, Senator  McCain and Senator Reed.   We do not always agree among the four of us; in fact, we disagree  sometimes energetically, but I have no doubt that each of them is  committed to doing the right thing for our troops and the right thing  for our country. Each of them is a patriot whom I admire.   Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for all Members when we wish Senator  McCain the best in dealing with his current health challenges.   Members and the public were given a summary of this conference report  last week, so I will simply say that I believe the priorities in this  bill are, number one, our people; number two, the readiness; number  three, missile defense; and number four, reform to see that we are more  capable of meeting the security challenges our country faces in the  future and today.   In that regard, I especially want to commend the work of Mr. Rogers  and Mr. Cooper and the Strategic Forces Subcommittee on space. They  initiated deep, far-reaching reforms based on a real sense of urgency,  and they are in this bill. Their work exemplifies the work of our  committee: bipartisan, really nonpartisan, on the national security  challenges the U.S. faces today.   Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, as the world grew more dangerous, we cut  our defense budget and we added to the burden borne by the men and  women who serve us.   We will not rebuild and fix our problems in 1 year or one bill, even  when it is matched by an appropriations bill, which this will need to  be, but we can head in the right direction. That is what this  conference report does, and I hope Members will support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Wilson), chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Turner), the chair of the Tactical Air and Land Forces  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers), the chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic  Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Wittman), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower  and Projection Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Coffman), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Military  Personnel.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler), the distinguished chairwoman of the  Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Stefanik), the distinguished chairwoman of the  Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from New York.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup), who is a very valued member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), who is another valuable member of our  committee.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of  the Readiness Subcommittee for her work on this issue.   From my visit to Guam last year, I have seen the tremendous military  buildup and military value of Guam, and I understand that more is  needed as Guam remains a strategic fixture in ensuring peace and  stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Guam if she would continue to yield to me.    I agree with the gentlewoman's understanding of the  provision.   Further, I support efforts to ensure that Guam has the workforce  needed to maintain its strategic posture and military presence  necessary to the national security of the United States. I look forward  to continuing to work with the gentlewoman from Guam toward that end.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks), who is a valuable member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon), who is a valuable member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Gallagher), who is another valuable member of our  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  [[Page H9208]]  Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus), who is a strong proponent of a strong  national defense.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Lamborn), who is a valuable member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to thank all the Members who have  participated in this debate, and even more importantly, all the Members  who have contributed to this product, especially the members of the  Armed Services Committee. Truthfully, Members from both sides of the  aisle throughout the House have contributed to it.   We have spent several moments here talking about a lot of the details  that are in this bill. Mr. Speaker, it is a rather large bill. It  covers everything from how much we pay our troops to how many ships and  tanks and planes and bullets we buy, as well as what we research and  various policies of the Department of Defense. So there is a lot in  here.   Let me take a moment just to step back and remind everybody what this  is all about. Our Constitution says one of the reasons we have a  Federal Government is to provide for the common defense. As a matter of  fact, I think that is the first job of the Federal Government: to  defend the country, to defend our lives, and to defend our freedoms.   As a matter of fact, Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says  specifically it is this Congress' responsibility to build and support,  provide and maintain the military forces of the United States of  America. That is our job.   By passing this bill, that is how we fulfill that job. But as we have  talked about, what has happened in recent years is the world has grown  more dangerous. Yet we have cut the defense budget.   As a matter of fact, we are spending 18 percent less now on defense  than was spent in 2010, if you measure it in real terms, apples to  apples. I cannot think of another significant Federal program that has  been cut nearly 20 percent over the last 7 years, yet that is what has  happened in defense.  [[Page H9209]]    What has happened as a result of that?   Our troops have borne the burden. We are 2,000 pilots short in the  Air Force today. Sixty percent of the F-18s in the Navy and Marine  Corps cannot fly today.    As Mr. Wilson said, we have just seen tragic accidents in the  Pacific, where 17 soldiers have lost their lives. We have had other  accidents where others have lost their lives and other accidents where  they have not.   The point I am trying to make is that part of the responsibility for  all of that happening rests here with the Congress of the United States  not fulfilling adequately, in my view, its job under the Constitution.   I would say one more thing, Mr. Speaker. I agree with virtually all  of what the ranking member said about the importance of having a  strategy and then resourcing that strategy. It is true.   We have not had--and there is some responsibility with  administrations of both parties--a coherent strategy that holds  together and resources that flow from that. We should.   The fundamental issue is that it is morally wrong to send men and  women out on missions with our military for which they are not fully  supported, fully trained, and equipped with the best equipment our  country can provide. It is wrong for us to do it, and that is exactly  what has been happening.   As I mentioned at the beginning, we are not going to turn this around  in a single bill or a single year, but we can make a start. This bill  makes a start.   I will absolutely agree with the gentleman from Washington and others  that we can't really start to turn this around without an  appropriations bill that follows it, that matches it, and that really  does repair our ships and planes, increases our end-strength, and  provides the training that I believe we deserve to give to the men and  women who serve.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would just remind everyone that there are  really two reasons we do this bill. One is that we owe it to the people  who risk their lives to defend us. Secondly, for the national security  of the United States.   The challenges to our Nation's security have grown more ominous in  recent years, certainly more complex than at any time in our lifetimes.  This is, I believe, a real opportunity on a bipartisan basis to show  the troops that we support them and to show adversaries and allies  alike that the United States is going to stand up and defend ourselves  by passing this piece of legislation and by following it up with a  budget agreement and an appropriations bill that follows.   That is what I think the Constitution requires of us. I hope my  colleagues will agree and support this conference report.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   