 Mr. President, I thank my colleague, the Senator from  Oklahoma.   I rise to talk about the tax debate that the Senate is currently  having. I wish to highlight some of the reasons why I think this bill  is bad and, frankly, focus on the missed opportunity that we are about  to embark on when we could have found a much better project.   Let me tell you a story from when I was mayor. I was mayor of  Richmond. I know my colleague from Oklahoma was mayor as well. I had a  city council colleague who introduced a seemingly benign bill. It was a  bill to limit the number of dogs and cats that anybody could have at  their residence.   Now, pursuant to the city rules, we had to post this resolution in  the newspaper for a couple of weeks so that citizens could read it, and  we had a public hearing where any citizen who wanted to speak for or  against the resolution had the opportunity to do so. Then, the city  council members debated, and then we had a vote. It turned out to be a  little more controversial than the council member originally  contemplated.   When I was mayor, the minor little debate in the Richmond City  Council about the number of pets you could have at your residence  received more openness and transparency and discussion and debate than  the vote that we  [[Page S8084]]  will have within a few hours or days about the entire Tax Code of the  United States.   Instead of doing a bill openly and deliberately, with a lot of public  input, and ultimately reaching for a bipartisan result, we have moved  hastily, in secret, and in a partisan way. In my view, that is the  reason why the end product is going to be so discouraging.   We had a vote in the Budget Committee to move this tax bill forward.  It was interesting. We actually voted before we discussed it. The bill  was on everybody's desk. The chair decided that we would vote, and only  later would we talk about it. That would never have been done at a  Richmond City Council meeting.   We had a full audience of citizens who wanted to be heard, and they  were not given an opportunity. That would not be done at a Richmond  City Council meeting. Some of the citizens started to sort of protest  and get angry, get mad, and shout. When that happens in a committee  meeting, I cringe because it is a violation of the decorum I expect.  But what choice do they have? This is only a tax reform that affects  the entire American economy, every American family, and every American  business, and they feel shut out of the process.   The first version of this bill that was live was released to the  public in the Senate on Thursday, November 9. The current version,  which is the fifth version of the bill, was only released last Friday  night, 4 days ago. So this bill to completely rework the U.S. economy  moves from introduction to passage over just 41 days with multiple  versions, often with handwriting in them and handed out at the last  minute before votes.   The last time this body did comprehensive tax reform in 1986, the  Senate had 36 days of public hearings over 10 months. This plan has had  zero--zero public hearings. When the Finance Committee refuses to allow  a hearing, when the Budget Committee forces a vote before the members  even have a chance to express their opinions, is this really what the  Senate wants to be known for? The stakes couldn't be higher.   I think in the end it is highly unlikely, but I still hope at the end  we might decide to do this the right way and not the wrong way, because  when you approach the process the wrong way--quickly, secretively, in a  partisan way, without public input or hearings--you get a bad bill.  This bill, in my view, is a bad bill.   The benefits in this bill overwhelmingly accrue to folks who are at  the top end, who frankly don't need your help. Eighty-three percent of  the tax plan's benefits go to the top 1 percent earners in this country  because of giveaways like increasing the estate tax threshold and  altering the alternative minimum tax.   If you make over $1 million, you will get a collective tax cut of  $36.9 billion just in 2019. Those who make over $1 million will see  their taxes go down by that much.   Massive tax cuts go to foreign individuals who own stock in American  companies. Just in the first year, about $48 billion go to foreign  individuals because of their ownership of stock in American companies.  To the contrary, millions of middle-class people are hurt.   By 2027, on average, every income group below $75,000 will face a tax  increase, and 92 million households--the combined population of  probably 20 States--earning under $200,000 will face net tax increases  in this bill. That is over half of all households in the country.   The working poor get hurt especially. The working poor who have the  most to lose and the least margin will get hurt. By 2025, this bill  would reduce the after-tax incomes of households with incomes below  $40,000, while it would boost the after-tax incomes of households with  incomes over $1 million.   I want to assume in charity that the hurting of the working poor and  the helping of folks at the top is a result of haste rather than  design. We could take the time and get this right.   These analyses that I just indicated are done by the nonpartisan CBO,  whose director is from the Mercatus Center at George Mason University,  which is widely known as a very conservative economics department, and  also by the Joint Committee on Taxation, and the Tax Policy Center. All  of the analyses come to virtually the same conclusion: The bill  dramatically increases the deficit to the tune of $1.4 trillion over of  the next 10 years. It will lead to millions of people falling into the  ranks of the uninsured. The CBO says 13 million.   For my own Commonwealth, there are a number of provisions that are  particularly harmful. We are one of the top five recipients, or  claimants, of the deductibility for State and local income taxation.  Virginians are going to be hurt because of the reduction of the  historic tax credit.   Why couldn't we work together? Why couldn't we work together to try  to do something that would be right, as President Reagan and Congress  did in 1986?   Now, 16 Democrats and 1 Independent stood up a few weeks ago, and we  said: We are ready to work with Republicans on tax reform. You have  former Governors who have done bipartisan tax reform. You have former  tax commissioners who have worked on tax issues. We said: We are ready  to work with you to make this better.   Every one of us in that group has worked on bipartisan tax reform. I  have done it as a mayor, and I have done it as a Governor. I know how  to do it, and I have ideas, but nobody was interested in a single one.   The late Friday night that we voted here, I put an amendment on the  table to show my Republican colleagues our good faith and saying: We  will work with you. I stood up, and, of course, I was only given a  minute to make an amendment. The process said that even though it is  the entire American economy, you only get 1 minute. I stood up, and I  said: I can't fix the bill in 1 minute, but I can do a couple of  things. I can reduce the deficit impact by $1 trillion, and I can make  every middle-class tax cut that is temporary in this bill permanent. I  can do those two things--permanent middle-class tax cut and reducing  the deficit by $1 trillion--if you will agree with me to do the  following: Don't touch the AMT or top individual rates and reduce the  corporate tax rate, not to 20 percent but to 25 percent--from 35 to 25.   Thirty-four Democrats voted for tax reform for the reduction of the  corporate tax rate from 35 to 25, making middle-class tax cuts  permanent, and reducing the deficit by $1 trillion, but not a single  Republican--not a single one--would vote to make the middle-class tax  cuts permanent and reduce the deficit. We still want to work on it. We  could still make it better.   As I conclude, I will just note, again, that it was notable that when  President Reagan did tax reform as President in 1986, this didn't get  50 votes or 50 votes plus a tie-breaker--51 votes. In this body, the  greatest deliberative body in the world, the Reagan-era tax reform got  97 votes because they took the time to have the hearings and hear from  the public, and they took the time to incorporate great ideas no matter  the party of those who offered it.   President Reagan said, as he was embarking on that: ``It should not  be a partisan debate, for the authors of tax reform come from both  parties, and all of us want greater fairness, incentives, and  simplicity in taxation.'' He was right then, and that remains true, and  yet this is a process that is not incorporated--either the thoughts of  the public or the thoughts of the Democratic minority.   I will say this, as I close. The GOP is not measured by who it says  its hero is. Most of my GOP friends have posters of President Reagan or  pictures of President Reagan. They talk about him as a personal hero,  but you really are not measured by who you say your hero is. You are  measured by whom you act like. This is not a President Reagan-era tax  reform. This is not the way President Reagan would have done tax  reform.   This is a President Trump bill. A last-minute change in this bill--a  very important last-minute change that only came in at the very end-- would directly benefit President Trump and his family by further  exploiting a loophole to give real estate developers more money. This  was on top of giving him relief on the estate tax and the alternative  minimum tax. At the last minute, there was one last change made that  was specifically designed to help President Trump make even more. No,  this is not a Reagan-era tax reform  [[Page S8085]]  bill. This is purely a product of President Trump.   It follows what he does: Say one thing and do another. Claim to help  the middle class but actually hurt them. Say it is not going to help me  or wealthy people when it actually does. I am not surprised by the  President, but I am surprised at many of my colleagues here because we  could have worked on something and not have missed an opportunity that  would have been far better for the American economy. It is still my  hope that we will.   I yield the floor.   