 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands who is helping to lead tonight's Special Order hour.   I, again, want to highlight how President Trump's inaugural address  served as a preview of what the African American community can expect  over the next 4 years.   This past Friday, thousands of Americans from all over the country  traveled to Washington, D.C., to witness the new President and what  type of message he was going to deliver. Unfortunately, instead of  starting his Presidency with a bold, new agenda that would benefit all  Americans, what we heard was an inaugural address that reminded us that  the America he wants to build will leave many of the constituents of  those of us who serve as members of the Congressional Black Caucus  behind.   In his speech, President Trump said that a nation exists to serve its  citizens. But for far too many, a different reality exists. He also  painted another grim picture of mothers and children trapped in poverty  in inner cities and rusted out factories scattered like tombstones  across the landscape of our Nation; an education system flush with  cash, but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of  knowledge; and crimes and gangs and drugs that have stolen the lives of  too many and robbed the country of so much of its unrealized potential.   Those are problems that need to be addressed. I don't think that  anybody will disagree with that. We need to make sure that our children  have access to good public schools and good, quality education. We need  to make sure that, as the nature of work changes in this country,  people are ready to get those new jobs. We must make sure that we  invest in our communities so that they prosper.   But yet, very little of what President Trump proposed would actually  address the root cause of any of those problems. Not even his new deal  for Black Americans provides real solutions for the problems that he  outlined in his inaugural address. Instead, we see the same recycled,  broken promises.   Since the creation of the Congressional Black Caucus, we have been  fighting to uplift our communities. We have bold ideas to help  transform the lives of those individuals that were mentioned and real  ideas that can get going.   I thank the gentlewoman as we prepare to have other speakers from the  Congressional Black Caucus share their remarks.    I thank the gentlewoman.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all of the Members who have participated  tonight. We are about to run short on our time here, but there are just  so many other areas that need to be addressed, and the Congressional  Black Caucus is going to continue to address those when we talk about  safe communities; when we start talking about great education and some  of the issues that we see with the nominee for the Secretary of  Education that threaten to really cripple and hurt our public schools;  when we talk about equal justice for all. How are we going to work with  the Justice Department to try to foster some of the good initiatives  that President Obama put forward in dealing with community policing? It  is all of those things, Mr. Speaker.    Absolutely. Education and workforce development with our  changing workforce--STEAM jobs and STEM jobs.   