 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle who have put enormous work into that, all the members of  the committee, and especially Mr. Latta for his great leadership.   Today marks a really important milestone in the pursuit to make our  roadways safer and support American leadership in self-driving  innovation. So the SELF DRIVE Act, H.R. 3388, is something we can all  support.   Simply put, the rapidly advancing technology behind highly autonomous  vehicles is stunning. I speak from some experience because a few months  ago I got the opportunity to ride in a self-driving car with engineers  and experienced a vehicle perform without any need for human  intervention.   Though we can look to a future that fulfills the promise of these  innovations, we cannot ignore the current troubling trend in the number  of lives that are lost on our roadways in America. Given the latest  roadway fatality numbers, this technology is especially needed today.   Almost 40,000 people lost their lives on our roads last year. That  represents another yearly increase in traffic-related fatalities. In my  own State of Oregon, traffic fatalities were the highest they have seen  in 14 years--up 20 percent from the prior year.   Statistics tell us 94 percent of accidents relate to human behavior.  During our morning commute into work, just look around. We see folks on  their phones in the cars next to us doing other things. While the  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can't write a safety  standard to make us all perfect drivers, it can work to avoid  lifesaving technologies to avoid collisions. That is part of what this  bipartisan legislation will put in place.   This bill is also about ensuring America stays a global leader in the  development of self-driving technology. After all, the auto industry is  responsible for more than 7 million American jobs nationwide and drives  more than $900 billion into the economy each year. We want to see these  numbers grow, we want this innovation to occur here, and we want to  bring greater traffic safety to our roadways.   Additionally, self-driving cars hold the promise of better access to  transportation for our Nation's 47 million senior citizens, 27 million  Americans with severe disabilities, and the many communities across the  country underserved by public transportation.   For Americans to enjoy all these benefits, we needed to put together  a framework that is national and will drive it, and that is what this  bill does.   I want to commend Mr. Latta, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Upton, Mrs. Dingell,  and my friend, Frank Pallone, the ranking member on the committee, for  all their great work on this legislation. We can be proud of the  product the Energy and Commerce Committee has brought to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge people to support H.R. 3388.   