 I thank my friend from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell) for  hosting this Special Order on the College Transparency Act.   Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on the floor a number of times about the  House's work to improve education in the country. I have been proud to  work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the Education and  the Workforce Committee to improve career and technical education, and  I have also spoken about my own experience with higher education as a  nontraditional student taking classes at night while I ran a  construction company during the day.   Tonight, I am happy to be here to talk about ensuring that students,  parents, guidance counselors, and legislators like us have access to  information that can help students make informed decisions about what  college to attend so that policymakers have access to research and data  that will better inform our work on higher education policy.   Today, colleges and universities report data to the U.S. Department  of Education that has been collected by a voluntary survey available  only to a limited group of graduates. The survey is not offered to any  student who is attending college part-time, who is not seeking a  degree, who has transferred from another college, or who doesn't have  Federal loans.   In today's economy, we are trying to make higher education more  available and accessible to nontraditional students, yet we omit a  large group of nontraditional students from this data. That is just one  of the reasons why we need to pass the College Transparency Act.   This bipartisan legislation seeks to modernize higher education  reporting so that students and families can make responsible choices  about what college or university to attend. It will help empower  students and families to determine how much they need to take out in  student loans and which programs at different schools provide the best  paths toward their dream job or a career.   Too many students today are graduating with massive amounts of debt.  Too many students graduate with majors offering too few opportunities.  At the very least, students need to have this data available to them to  make informed decisions.   This bill, as has been pointed out by Mr. Mitchell, is endorsed by  more than 80 education and business organizations, including Advance  CTE and the Association for Career and Technical Education,  organizations that represent great schools like Thaddeus Stevens  College of Technology in my district.   This bill has bipartisan support in our committee, in the Senate, and  the House, and it is essential for transforming our higher education  system to meet the needs of a 21st century economy. So, again, I am  happy to rise to speak in support of this act.   I would like to thank my friend from Michigan for hosting this  Special Order this evening, and I urge my colleagues to consider  supporting this important piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs) for hosting tonight's Special Order. I also thank  Mr. Fitzpatrick, as well, for his leadership in this bill. I am really  glad to be part of this effort.   We could stand here tonight and talk about the FDA's process for  approving drugs. We could talk about the countless patients across the  country who struggle to get accepted into a clinical trial for a drug  that could save their life. We could even stand up here tonight and  share with you one of the uplifting stories of a patient who received a  lifesaving drug because of a State's right-to-try law. But we have  heard this, and we know all of this.   We know the FDA's approval process takes years. We know there are too  few spots in clinical trials for patients in dire need of help. We know  that right-to-try laws give families hope and can save lives. What I  would like to talk about tonight is the moral imperative we face on  this right-to-try legislation.   America is home to the world's greatest doctors and medical experts.  It is home to the world's greatest medical schools and hospitals. We  have cured diseases that were once a death sentence. We have directed  our national resources to fight epidemics that have saved lives here at  home and overseas. We don't give up.   What we do here in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, speaks volumes. What we  do here shows the Nation and the world where our priorities are.   Is our priority the bureaucracy of this city that too often misses  opportunities simply because of its inability to act, or is our  priority the patients and families whom we represent to consult with a  doctor and decide for themselves how they choose to fight against  illnesses for which we continue to search for a cure?   For me, the choice is clear, Mr. Speaker. I choose my constituents. I  choose life, and I urge every single Member of this body to do the  same. We cannot afford the cost of inaction.    