 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 37, S. 188.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following Senate  resolutions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 260, S. Res.  261, and S. Res. 262.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the  resolutions en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  September 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following  leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Francisco nomination, with the time until the  cloture vote equally divided between the two leaders or their  designees; further, that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time  expire at 12:15 p.m. and the Senate vote on confirmation of the  Francisco nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally,  that following disposition of the Francisco nomination, the Senate  recess until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of our Democratic  colleagues.   