 Madam President, I thank my colleague for yielding.   When Senator Coons and I came to the Senate about 6 years ago, it was  about the time we formed the Law Enforcement Caucus. Over that 6 years,  we have been continually reminded of how those who run toward danger  when others run away protect us. They don't know on any given day what  they may be dealing with that day, and their family doesn't know  either. They are here to protect those who might be the victims of  crime.   What we saw today was a horrific and cowardly attack at baseball  practice--someone who takes a weapon and decides they are going to harm  people they don't know for whatever cowardly reason that person had.   Of course, we continue to pray for the swift recovery of those who  were injured and for the caregivers who are helping them right now.   Every day, when I come to the Capitol grounds, the first person I see  is almost always a member of the Capitol Police. No matter how late it  is when I leave at night, the last person I see is almost always a  member of the Capitol Police. They have a hard job to do. They do it  with the highest level of professionalism and dedication. Their  families see them leave for work at whatever time of the day their  assignments have them leaving for work and are hopeful that those they  love will come home. That accounts for all of our law enforcement  officers all over the country--the law enforcement officers and other  first responders--who rush into dangerous situations not knowing what  could be there.   We were very fortunate today. Our Members of Congress were there-- Members of the House, Members of the Senate--and the people who were  volunteering to make that game work the way it needs to work in order  to have a bipartisan annual event to look forward to and to use that  event to raise money for charity. There were staff who were there,  supporting. Fortunately for all of them, Steve Scalise, who is the  majority whip in the House, was there, which meant that there were  Capitol Police and security people there with him. It is hard to  imagine what might have happened if they had not been there. The  Alexandria police would have done a great job and gotten there as  quickly as they could, but we have these people who are committed to  providing for the safety of Members of Congress, people who are  visiting the Capitol, and people who are in the area of the Capitol  when anything might happen. Over and over again, Senator Coons and I  and others have seen the Capitol Police have to step forward.   I hope we will all remember to not only be grateful every day for  those who are willing to serve but will also continue to pray today for  the families of the people who were impacted today--the families who  sent their sons and daughters here to be Members of Congress as well as  to be staffers in the Congress. The first news they heard this morning  was of some senseless attack that appeared to be an attack because  people were Members of Congress.   No act of violence, no matter how evil or senseless, will ever come  close to shaking the foundations of our democracy, but in moments like  this, we are always brought back to the important recognition that we  are Americans first. That is why our country will always be a beacon of  freedom.   The things we debate every day are not nearly as big or powerful as  the things that unite us every day, and moments like this bring that  sense of unity and concern and commitment of maintaining a society that  is free and secure and bring a greater appreciation for those who spend  all day, every working day, with that as their principal obligation. We  owe them a great debt of gratitude.   Today, we owe the Capitol Police, followed up by the Alexandria  police, because of the countless lives that might have been taken if  the Capitol Police had not been there at the instance this cowardly  attack started.   Once again, Senator Coons and I are reminded of how important it is  that the Law Enforcement Caucus really, truly respect those who serve  and the families of those who serve.   Senator, I am glad to yield back to you for a final comment.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I am here today to urge support for the act  that counters Iran's devastating and destabilizing activities. I am  proud to be a cosponsor of the bill. This bill would expand sanctions  on individuals who are contributing to Iran's ballistic missile  program, supporting international terrorism, or violating the arms  embargo against Iran.   Iran is one of the key principal state sponsors of terrorism in the  world. In fact, the Obama administration said it was the No. 1 sponsor  of state terrorism in the world. It is a destabilizing force for its  neighbors, and it is  [[Page S3479]]  a destabilizing force for a more peaceful world. The Iranians provide  financial and material support to groups such as Hamas, Hezbollah,  militias in Iraq, and a host of other terrorist groups. They have  threatened to wipe out our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel.  They said they would wipe them ``off the map.'' They continue to  violate international restrictions by advancing their ballistic missile  program.   Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, when he  testified in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee in February  of 2016, said: ``Iran's ballistic missiles are inherently capable of  delivering weapons of mass destruction, and Tehran already has the  largest inventory of ballistic missiles in the Middle East.''   By one estimate, Iran may have conducted as many as 14 missile tests  since the Obama administration's nuclear agreement, also known as the  Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, went into effect. Apparently, the  Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action meant that Iran could take any  action it wanted, if you look at what Iran is doing today. They have  violated multiple legally binding arms embargoes established by the  U.N. Security Council.   On a trip to Saudi Arabia in April, Defense Secretary James Mattis  noted that Iran continues to violate multiple arms embargoes, saying:  ``We see Iranian-supplied missiles being fired by the Houthis into  Saudi Arabia.'' I think that, at one point, Secretary Mattis said that  anywhere you look in the disrupted Middle East, Iran is there. This  action and others directly violate what Iran agreed not to do when they  agreed to the behavior that they said would be their future behavior.   As to their ongoing support of international terrorist organizations,  the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, testified in front of  the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in an open hearing on May  11, 2017. Just to double down on what his predecessor said, Director  Coats said: ``Iran continues to be the foremost state sponsor of  terrorism.''   If Iran is the principal state sponsor of terrorism--the foremost  sponsor of state terrorism--certainly, we should take some action. This  bill does that. Whether it is action supporting the rebels in Yemen or  the brutal dictator Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Iran is clearly there and  clearly a force for bad, not good.   The legislation the Senate is considering this week would go a long  way toward holding Iran accountable. The Countering Iran's  Destabilizing Activities Act codifies sanctions that are directed at  all three categories of illicit activities and behavior that we should  condemn from Iran--ballistic missile tests, arms embargo violations,  and support of terrorism, as well as Iran's own systemic abuse of human  rights in its own country. There is no way to criticize that government  without fear of abuse or worse.   Specifically, the bill directs the President to impose sanctions on  any person who knowingly engages in any activity that materially  contributes to the Iranian ballistic missile program activities or to  any other program for which a system to deliver weapons of mass  destruction is involved or any person who contributes to the transfer  of certain arms to or from Iran. The bill also directs the Secretary of  State to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of  people the State Department has determined to be responsible for gross  human rights violations against individuals who seek to promote human  rights. The bill further provides that the President may block any  property these human rights abusers have in the United States.   This measure also addresses Iran's continued support for terrorism.  Executive order 13224, issued soon after the 9/11 terrorist attacks,  sanctions entities determined to be supporting international terrorism.   Let me remind the Presiding Officer that the last two Directors of  National Intelligence have both said that the No. 1 supporter of  international terrorism is Iran. Several Iran-related entities have  already been sanctioned under that order, but not, surprisingly, the  Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. This bill makes a finding that that  corps is responsible for supporting terrorism and requires that the  sanctions of the Executive order that I mentioned be applied.   This bill does not violate the nuclear agreement with Iran. As the  Obama administration said repeatedly, the nuclear agreement was about  providing Iran ``relief from nuclear-related sanctions.'' I may come  back to that later, but this nuclear agreement does not require the  United States to look the other way as Iran continues to violate  international norms on ballistic missile testing and violates the arms  embargo.   Let me also say that the Iran nuclear agreement was just an agreement  between the leaders of the two governments. It isn't a treaty. The  President never tried to defend it as a treaty. The Congress didn't  approve it as a treaty. It is no more of a binding treaty than anything  else that the President on his own would decide they would enter into,  hoping that the next President would also agree with their decision.   Secretary of State John Kerry, in the final days of his service as  Secretary of State said: ``We still have serious differences with the  Government of Iran, and will continue to push back on its support of  terrorism, disregard for human rights, and destabilizing regional  activities.''   This bill delivers the pushback that Secretary of State John Kerry  called for.   Despite the hopes that the previous administration had for  moderation--remember that debate about how, once we entered into this  agreement, it would strengthen the forces of moderation in Iran?--Iran  has increased its destructive activities since the 2015 Joint  Comprehensive Plan of Action. Strengthening sanctions on Iran is an  appropriate response in Iran's continued aggression. Again, because  these sanctions are directed only at actions outside of the nuclear  sphere, the legislation in no way violates the letter or spirit of that  agreement. The Iran sanctions regime is the best tool we have to hold  Iran accountable and one that we should continue to keep at the  forefront of our policy.   In April, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent to Congress, as  required by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, the latest  certification that Iran is implementing the nuclear agreement. In his  message, Secretary Tillerson pointed out that ``Iran remains a leading  state sponsor of terror.''   How could we ever have put a leading state sponsor of terror on a  path to having a nuclear weapon? All the things we are concerned about  in North Korea we have guaranteed in Iran, unless some future  President--President Trump or some future President--decides that this  is not the direction in which we can continue.   Secretary Tillerson also said that President Trump has ordered an  interagency review to evaluate whether suspension of sanctions related  to Iran, pursuant to the JCPOA agreement, is vital to the national  security interests of the United States.   He concluded by saying that, when this review is complete, ``the  administration looks forward to working with Congress on this issue.''   This is a positive step. That review need not constrain the use of  sanctions to hold Iran accountable for its other bad behavior.   I would just like to remind everyone that under President Obama's  nuclear agreement, Iran has already gained access to more than $100  billion in sanctions relief, some of which is likely to be fueled to  terrorists aligned with Iran. Remember the delivery of cash to Iran and  where our government said that some of that cash would likely go--what  an outrageous thing for us to be a part of.   The No. 1 sponsor of terrorism in the world deserves to be  sanctioned. Individuals who are part of those activities deserve to be  specifically sanctioned. This bill will do that. I urge my colleagues  to support the bill and the amendment that was voted on today, and look  forward to that action being taken later this week.   I yield the floor.   