 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about my amendment,  Heller amendment No. 502. It addresses one of the most onerous taxes  enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as the  Cadillac tax. The Cadillac tax is a 40-percent excise tax set to take  effect in 2020 on employer-sponsored health insurance plans.   In Nevada, 1.3 million workers are covered by an employer-sponsored  health insurance plan. These are public employees in Carson City and  service industry workers that work on the Las Vegas Strip. They are  small business owners, and they are retirees across my State.   Hardly anyone in Nevada will be shielded from the devastating effects  of  [[Page S4394]]  this Cadillac tax. Across America, 54 percent of employers and almost  151 million workers who currently enjoy employer-sponsored healthcare  benefits will experience massive changes to their healthcare by the  year 2020. We are talking about reduced benefits, we are talking about  increased premiums, and we are also talking about higher deductibles.  Hard-working Americans will suffer.   That is why I joined Senator Heinrich from New Mexico in introducing  what was called the Middle Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act earlier  this year, with the support of over 75 organizations. Some of those  organizations include unions, chambers of commerce, small business  owners, State and local government employees, and retirees. They are  all saying the same thing--that the Cadillac tax needs to be repealed.  From unions to small businesses, employers are proposing sweeping  changes to employee benefits today--right now--to avoid this onerous  tax later.   First, over 33 million Americans who use flexible spending accounts  and 13.5 million Americans who use health savings accounts may see  these accounts vanish in the coming years as companies scramble to  avoid the law's 40-percent excise tax. HSAs and FSAs are used for  things like hospital and maternity services, dental care, physical  therapy, and access to mental health services. Access to these  lifesaving services could all be gone for millions of Americans if the  Cadillac tax is not fully repealed.   Second, I have heard from employers, large and small, from all over  Nevada, saying that they will inevitably have to eliminate services  their workers currently enjoy, dramatically increase deductibles and  premiums, and will have to cut certain doctors out of their networks.  This goes right at the heart of ObamaCare's broken promise: If you like  your healthcare, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep  your doctor.   This onerous tax targets Americans who already have high quality  healthcare, and Nevadans have reached out to tell me how this tax will  affect them. One of the stories that hit me the hardest was hearing  from a school teacher in Las Vegas. As the son of a cafeteria worker, I  know the sacrifices that these educators make each day. Cynthia, who  works in the Clark County School District, sacrificed a higher paycheck  to ensure that a quality health plan would be there when she retired.  The Cadillac tax would place a 40-percent excise tax on her retiree  benefits and cause her to deplete her savings to cover the loss.   Seniors have worked their entire lives for these benefits, and the  Cadillac tax puts at risk the sacrifices they have made for decades to  have a safe and stable retirement. That is why I am committed to  repealing this very bad tax. Many are in the service industry, like  Michael from Las Vegas, who wrote to my office and explained how he is  worried that the cost of his union-sponsored health insurance premium  will now skyrocket. He is already seeing his deductibles increase and  understands that next year there will be more increases to his  healthcare premiums. Michael also shares his concerns about an imposed  fine from the Internal Revenue Service, should he not have health  insurance. He makes a valid point. If he loses his job, then how can he  be expected to pay for his healthcare?    Norm, a city employee from Southern Nevada, shared a concern with me  recently: The last thing a self-insured provider wants to do is reduce  benefits for his employees.   Back in 2015, 90 Senators voted on the record in support of repealing  the Cadillac tax, and I hope all 90 will join me again today. They  recognize it will hurt middle-class families who, for reasons outside  of their control, have health plans that already or soon will reach the  Cadillac tax's cost limits. The tax will force many employers to pay  steep taxes on their employees' health plans, flexible spending  accounts, and possibly eliminate some employer-provided health coverage  plans altogether. Under this tax, deductibles will be higher and  benefits will be reduced even more, putting a strain on middle-class  families trying to make ends meet.   The short-term success of this was pushing the delay through 2020.  Now it needs to be fully repealed. So I encourage all my colleagues to  join me today in voting to support Heller amendment No. 502 to fully  repeal this bad tax and send a message that Congress is serious about  lowering costs for all Americans.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, my amendment at the desk, Heller amendment  No. 502, repeals the Cadillac Tax, plain and simple. No gimmicks. It  repeals the Cadillac Tax, plain and simple. This is a bipartisan issue  with bipartisan support. Under these circumstances, it is probably  appropriate that we have a bipartisan issue that is here in front of  us.   I would like to thank Senator Heinrich, my friend from New Mexico,  for his hard work and effort on behalf of this particular issue. He has  worked hard.   This is an issue that is well-endorsed. We have the endorsement of  organized labor, chambers of commerce, local and State governments, and  small business organizations. They all supported repealing this very  bad and onerous tax. Over 83 groups have endorsed full repeal. They are  saying the same thing--that the Cadillac tax needs to be fully  repealed, or employees will experience massive changes in their  healthcare.   Previously, this Chamber has voted nearly unanimously to support this  full repeal.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I would ask support from my colleagues on this Heller amendment.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   