 Mr. President, I thank my good friend from Rhode Island.  I have been to his State, and we have gone to the algae farms. It has a  lot of potential. I agree with the Senator 100 percent.   I applaud Senator Heitkamp and Senator Capito for leading the effort  to update and improve this tax credit for carbon capture, utilization,  and sequestration. We have the support of 25 Democrats and  Republicans--totally bipartisan--and when you have Senator Whitehouse  and Senator Barrasso on a bill, you know you have a real bill. It can  happen. So that is very encouraging.   Senator Capito and I come from West Virginia, and Senator Heitkamp  comes from the energy-producing State of North Dakota. Coal was one of  the most abundant energy sources in the world. It is lying on most  continents, and most countries have it, and they are going to use it.  It is a very efficient way of producing energy because it is plentiful.    Yes, sir.    I am so encouraged that you remember the history of your  great State in not forgetting those coal mines.   We have to face the facts and the realization that there are 8  billion tons of coal being burned in the world on an annual basis. We  burn less than 1 billion in the United States of America, and we are  the country that has done more to clean up the environment than any  other country. They all talk about doing different things, but we have  taken the SOx and the NOX and the mercury out and the  particulates. We have done more in the last two decades than has ever  been done, and there is more that can be done.   I have to be very honest with you. The last 8 years was very  challenging and difficult for us. No one wanted to make the effort.  They talked a good game, but no one would put the investment into the  technology that was needed. Now we have this bill--it is bipartisan  that everybody is working hard on--that has a chance to really put us  in the forefront of how we utilize this carbon capture and  sequestration.   West Virginia has one of the first powerplants, the Mountaineer Power  Plant, that shows it can be done commercially. We did a commercial test  there. We know it can be done. We know it is expensive. At the time,  President Obama said to go ahead and build a coal plant, and we will  break you. He knew it was not financially feasible, and that is where  that statement came from.   First of all, coal was a baseload fuel. There are only two baseload  fuels in the world today. Baseload is 24/7 uninterrupted power. That is  coal and nuclear. Gas has now replaced coal in the United States of  America in its being more plentiful for the production of energy, which  we depend on, but it still can be interruptible because the gas  pipelines could be sabotaged. They could break, and weather conditions  could change that.   So you have to make sure everything is working for the people of the  United States of America who have always been used to and been  dependent upon turning the switch on or their heat and their power or  opening their fridge, and everything is working. It comes because you  have baseload that is dependable, reliable, and affordable. You are  going to have that.   I think, maybe in my grandchildren's lifetimes, they are going to  see, maybe, commercial hydrogen, which will be water vapor. I think  that is coming. It is just not here yet. So we are going to use what we  have and what we need and make sure we do it in the cleanest fashion.  The United States should be and will be the leader of this. This is  what helps us do it, and it gives us incentive to move forward on it.   When we were doing scrubbers back in the eighties, the Clean Air Act,  I will never forget, at the time, to do scrubbers that take sulfur out,  you have to inject, basically, limestone. This crushed limestone,  basically, clings to the sulfur, and the sulfur drops out in the form  of the ash. What are you going to do with all of this byproduct of this  ash? Can it be detrimental? Is it hazardous? Guess what. A lot of the  drywall you are using today is made out of the ash that came out of the  new scrubbers from which we did not know we were going to have a  byproduct.   So there is value. I still believe in my heart, with this piece of  legislation, that we are going to find a valuable use of this waste.  Can it be solidified? We know we can take clear stream CO2  off. Can we solidify this CO2? It would not just be  sequestering it. We are doing it in liquid form now and pressuring it  into the ground. If you have oil or some other energy that is valuable  to return back, then you can offset the cost, but in a lot of parts of  the country, we do not have that oil so we are not able to have a value  returned. It is pure cost, and the cost is about one-third of the  production. A perfect example: If you have a 900-megawatt powerplant  and you have carbon capture sequestration, but you have no value in  return, you lose 300 megawatts by pushing it into the ground. It makes  it nonfeasible financially, and that is when the statement came, ``You  build it, and we will break it.'' That is how they break it. You cannot  do it. So if we don't have to sequester it and pressure it in the  ground when we solidify this clear stream carbon from liquids to  solids, can we use the spent fuel of a solid carbon, CO2?    This is what we should be working on. These are the things we should  be doing. We missed 8 years. We had a hiatus for 8 years. Let's catch  up. This piece of legislation puts us on the path to make something  happen, to truly make us unique in the world of what we do and how we  do it. The rest of the world counts on us. All the other countries are  talking about all the things they are doing in climate; trust me,  [[Page S3981]]  they are not. They are talking about it; they are not doing it. Even  our NATO allies aren't using what we have already developed and  perfected. They are not using scrubbers, and they are not using  baghouses for mercury.   It is not CO2 killing people in Beijing; it is basically  particulates. It is particulates that we have taken out of the air. We  can do this, but we need to work together. We can't be fighting each  other. There is not a West Virginian I know who wants to breathe dirty  air or drink dirty water--or an American--and they are not going to. We  have improved and will continue to improve. But we can't be pitting one  environmental group against another manufacturing or production group,  and that is what we have done. We are just tearing each other apart  because we are picking sides: Are you for the environment or are you  for the economy? I am for both. I am for the environment, and I am for  the economy, and I think there is a balance between the two.   If we do the technology and the manufacturers or the producers of  electricity refuse to use the technology that is proven, then they  should be shut down. They get a certain period of time to retrofit. If  they will not do it, then shut them down.   We haven't gotten there yet on this, and that is why this piece of  legislation is so important. All of the working groups and  environmental groups--everybody should be behind this. We have an array  of Senators who have come together, unlike most bills. We don't often  have this happen. I am proud of what the Presiding Officer has done. I  am proud of my good friend from North Dakota. I am proud of my friend  from Rhode Island. I am proud of my friend from Wyoming. I am proud of  everyone coming together and saying: If we are going to use it, let's  do it better.   With that I say thank you--thank you to all of us for working  together on this and for continuing to move the United States of  America forward. West Virginia will do its part, I can assure my  colleagues of that.   With that, I yield the floor.   