 Mr. Speaker, as I listen to my liberal colleagues, the  answer to every business is more government, more regulations. The  American people are rejecting that.   As a small-business owner, I can tell you the stifling effects of  overregulation. That is what this bill takes away. That is what this  bill accomplishes.   So I strongly support H.R. 2201, the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act.  This bill is a critical step to reduce unnecessary burdens on economic  growth and ensure that small businesses have access to the capital they  need. I applaud Representative Emmer for championing this legislation.   As a member of the House Small Business Committee and a businessman  myself, I understand the need of the number of challenges faced by  small businesses, especially if that business wants to grow through  tapping into the capital markets. Due to onerous SEC regulations, the  cost of registration is expensive and out of reach for so many of the  businesses wanting to expand.   We all know that the SEC provides an important function, which is to  prevent securities fraud and protect the integrity of the market.  However, we must be wary of a regulatory regime that fails to provide  sufficient flexibility for businesses to raise capital while not  providing any additional protection for investors.    The central purpose of H.R. 2201 is to strike the proper balance  between protection and investment. The bill achieves this objective  through empowering businesses to sell a limited number of securities to  a limited numbers of investors without needing to comply with a number  of SEC registration requirements.   Also, it is important to note that this narrowly tailored exemption  only applies to investors that have substantive preexisting  relationships with businesses.   Finally, nothing in this bill undermines existing investor  protections. Fraud is still illegal and the SEC and the Department of  Justice has the authority to prosecute bad actors.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation to  implement a commonsense solution and stimulate small business growth.   