 Mr. President, this week the Senate is debating a fiscal  year 2018 budget resolution focused on growing America's economy  through tax policies that put more money in the hands of hard-working  Americans. Tax reform is long overdue and is needed to jump start our  Nation's economic growth. It is crucial that Congress approve this  fiscal framework in order to eliminate the dated and stifling tax  policies that are holding back not only investment and productivity but  American families. It is time for more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger  paychecks.   The tax reform framework recently announced by the President and  congressional leaders represents the beginning of a process aimed at  boosting America's economic growth and putting more money in the  pockets of everyday Americans. That tax framework has to be defined by  the Finance Committee. This sets up a process so that can be done as  easily as possible.   It is crucial that we allow U.S. companies--large and small,  especially small--to better compete both at home and overseas, which  will make the United States more attractive for investment and to do  business. This will improve our competitiveness, it will help keep good  paying jobs here at home, and it will bring back jobs that have been  lost.   Lowering taxes on small businesses will also help unleash the  ingenuity of America's job creators. We are the most ingenious and most  inventive in the world.   Unfortunately, as many hard-working families personally understand,  our economy has experienced 8 years of stagnant growth. This economic  downturn and slow growth has resulted in a lost decade that has cost  the Nation millions of jobs.   Family income is not rising as fast as it should, which has real  consequences for our future. When family incomes fail to grow, it  becomes difficult for parents to pay for their children's education and  for their own needs. Sluggish family income growth also means less  money for retirement or healthcare and makes it harder to save for a  downpayment on a house.   It is no surprise that incomes are stuck, given America's overall  economic stagnation over the past decade. Without wage growth, American  families find it difficult to improve their standard of living. We must  do better for these hard-working American families, and this budget  resolution will help put our Nation on a better fiscal track with a  combination of restrained spending, reduced tax burdens, and a growing  economy.   The budget puts in motion a process to cut taxes for American  families and job creators by $1.5 trillion over 10 years. In addition  to keeping more money in the pockets of hard-working families, tax  reform done right will spur investment and reinvigorate productivity  here at home.   America's tax system is incredibly complicated. This budget will  provide Congress with the opportunity to make more Tax Code  simplifications and make it fairer for all Americans. We especially  want to make sure families, small businesses, and workers are not  penalized for their success.   Simplifying the Tax Code is an important part of tax reform efforts.  America's current code is made up of more than 4 million words. That is  seven times the length of Leo Tolstoy's ``War and Peace,'' and it is  more than two times the combined length of the complete works of  William Shakespeare and the King James Bible.   The National Taxpayers Union recently released some figures that  calculate the burden of tax compliance for families and small  businesses. The National Taxpayers Union learned that the total annual  time burden of tax compliance is more than 6 billion hours. Let me  repeat that. The total time burden for tax compliance is more than 6  billion hours. That is a lot of family time. That costs families and  small businesses nearly $34 billion a year on tax software and other  out-of-pocket expenses, as well as--this is the important part--$229  billion in time and labor to comply with the Tax Code. The Tax Code's  combined burden of $263 billion is more than the gross domestic product  of 154 nations.   To understand just how complex and outdated the U.S. Tax Code has  become, it is important to put it in the historical context of how it  has grown over the years. In 1913, the 1040 Income Tax Form consisted  of three pages, with one page of instructions. More than 100 years  later, that same form now consists of 2 pages, with 106 pages of basic  instructions and, depending on taxpayer circumstances, 13 separate  schedules, each with numerous pages of instructions. In fact, there are  more than 70,000 pages of instructions in total. This is why, every tax  season, Americans are forced to wade through an ever-changing labyrinth  of forms and regulations when they file their returns.   Each year, hard-working families navigate a minefield of tax  definitions and tax tests in order to fully reap the benefits of tax  credits. Is it any wonder that many who are eligible may not even claim  these credits because of this  [[Page S6493]]  complex web of tax forms? For example, there are many definitions of  ``child'' in the Tax Code, meaning a family with children may qualify  for some child benefits but not others and may fail to receive the full  benefits they deserve.   To promote fair treatment, our budget is focused on providing the  tools needed to simplify the Tax Code. Let me repeat that. These are  the tools that are needed to simplify the Tax Code. The Finance  Committee still has to plug in details and eliminations and a final  version, and that would allow Americans to keep more of what they earn.  That is another part of the process, but this part of the process is  necessary in order to make sure we get to that part of the process.  Hard-working families deserve an economy that provides higher wages and  more and better jobs. Pro-growth tax reform can boost small businesses,  and it can free Americans to make their own decisions about how to  spend their hard-earned money.    I want to repeat some of those numbers. I am an accountant. Usually,  numbers put people to sleep, but I think these are ones people will  understand.   The National Taxpayers Union did some figuring on the burden of tax  compliance by families and small businesses. This National Taxpayers  Union learned that the total annual time burden of tax compliance is  more than 6 billion hours, which costs families and small businesses  nearly $34 billion a year on tax software and other out-of-pocket  expenses as well as--and this is the important part--$229 billion in  time and labor to comply with the Tax Code. The Tax Code's combined  burden of $263 billion is more than the gross domestic product of 154  countries.   We need to take action. We need to pass this budget so the process  can be simplified and expedited, and we can get to that yet this year  so people, when they are filing their taxes next year, can take  advantage of what is being done here. I think we will have bipartisan  support in making these important changes. The process is set up so  there can be that bipartisan support since it goes through the Finance  Committee, and we have been promised there will be a markup, which will  allow everybody to make amendments to the Tax Code and the tax bill.  Then it will come to the floor, where everybody will have a chance to  make amendments to the bill.   This sets the budget and sets up the opportunity to have some tax  reform this year so people can take advantage of it next year. I ask my  colleagues to support this budget and work with us on getting tax  reform that will make a difference for all hard-working Americans.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to explain why I took us out of the  quorum call. If I leave us in a quorum call, all time will be charged  to my side. If I take us out of a quorum call, even though no one is  here to speak, it will get divided equally. That is fair, and that is  what we are trying to do.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up the following amendments en bloc  and ask unanimous consent that they be reported by number and that the  rollcall votes in relation to the amendments occur in the order listed:  Hatch No. 1144, Sanders No. 1119, Nelson No. 1150, Heller No. 1146,  Sanders No. 1120, and Collins No. 1151.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes  following this first vote--the one we just finished--be 10 minutes in  length, all of the rest of them. Actually, there is a request for 5  minutes in length. We doubt that we can do it in 10, but the unanimous  consent request is for 10 minutes in length.    Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment. This amendment would increase mandatory spending and taxes  each by more than $1 trillion. I understand my colleagues are concerned  about Medicaid. I want to assure them that this budget is focused on  preserving Medicaid for those who need it most, but in order to  preserve Medicaid, we must also be honest about its fiscal trajectory.  The status quo for Medicaid is simply unsustainable. Not only are  Medicaid outcomes lackluster, the program is on a path toward  bankrupting our States. The budget before us puts Medicaid on a more  sustainable path.   Critics argue that this budget pays for tax relief through cuts to  Medicaid. I want to clarify that. This budget does not rely on savings  from Medicaid to achieve tax reform. In fact, the economic growth  attributed to reforming the Tax Code will help improve Medicaid's  fiscal health.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.    Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment. It sounds like something simple. It is aimed at ending the  budget resolution. This budget does not cut Medicare, and it does not  provide tax breaks for the wealthy. It does not protect special  interest tax loopholes. Also, anything that we do here has to be  completed in other committees in order to ever happen.   This budget does slow Medicare's projected annual rate of growth by  approximately 1 percent in comparison to the CBO's baseline. The CBO  estimates that Medicare's hospital insurance trust fund will become  exhausted prior to the end of the budget window of 2025, at which point  it will no longer be able to pay full benefits to seniors. This budget  resolution protects Medicare by extending the life of the trust fund.  It also establishes a path toward pro-growth tax reform, which will  generate additional economic growth in Medicare.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, for the benefit of my colleagues, this next  vote will be the last roll call vote of the day. Senator Collins has  graciously agreed to do a voice vote on her amendment.   On this amendment, though, I am going to urge my colleagues to oppose  the amendment. We should not prejudge the Finance Committee's  consideration of tax reform but allow the bill to go through regular  order, where it will be open to amendment.   This amendment is corrosive to the budget resolution privilege. It  falls outside the scope of what is appropriate for inclusion.   Adoption of corrosive amendments could be fatal to the resolution's  privilege, and loss of privilege could compromise our ability to pass  tax reform and enforce the budget spending limits.   Further, this amendment is also nongermane. The Congressional Budget  Act requires that amendments to a budget resolution be germane. It is a  statutory requirement we can't ignore. So I raise a point of order  against this amendment under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974,  section 305(b)(2).   