 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Rules  Committee, my colleague from across the river in Washington State. My  apologies to Washingtonians because one of our fires, the Eagle Creek  fire, actually spotted across the mighty Columbia River, set fire to  part of the forests in Washington State down near Stevenson.  Fortunately, that fire was extinguished. The one on the Oregon side was  terribly dangerous, man-caused, human-caused. It blew out 14 miles in  one night headed toward Portland.    These are monster fires. We lost 678,000 acres this year to forest  fires in my great State of Oregon. It is about two-thirds of the entire  size of the State of Rhode Island. It is enormous. This is happening  year after year, and the consequences are extraordinary.   Smoke chokes our airsheds. Schools literally had to shut down and  send kids home because it was too smoky to have them inside the school.  The 30th anniversary of Cycle Oregon was canceled. That is a major  annual bicycle ride that occurs; 30 years, the 30th anniversary,  canceled. They couldn't find a way to pull it off. The Shakespeare  Festival down in Ashland, nine performances had to be canceled;  $400,000, Mr. Speaker, just in ticket receipts that had to be foregone.  I am told they had to lay off people as a result.   When you think about not only the lost forests--this is what a forest  looks like after it is burned--the ground is often sterilized. You  can't even go back and replant for a year or two in some cases because  there is no soil left.   The impacts are enormous on our environment. Those of us who are  concerned about the environment, about carbon emissions into the  atmosphere,  [[Page H8314]]  in 2015, when a like amount was burned in Oregon, the Forest Service  estimated the blazes emitted more than 90,000 tons of fine particulates  and 14.2 million tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. That is  equivalent to more than 3 million cars; 3 million cars.   The cause of these increasingly catastrophic fires, as Dr. John  Bailey of the Oregon State University's College of Forestry pointed out  during a hearing earlier this month in our Energy and Commerce  Committee, in some cases, the forest landscapes in my part of Oregon,  eastern Oregon that would have historically held about 20 trees per  acre, have more than 1,000 trees growing there today.   You see, we have stopped management. In many cases, we have stopped  fire. The forests continue to grow, and die, and build, and get more  dense, and so when fire does strike, it is with devastating  consequence.   My friend from Florida, and he is my friend, when he gets  thunderstorms in Florida in the summer, he gets a lot of rain with it,  I bet. If we have thunderstorms in Oregon, we don't get the rain. We  went nearly 90 days without any rain, but we still got lightning. The  lightning torches these forests and starts a lot of these blazes.   A 2014 study in California by the Nature Conservancy, Forest Service,  and others found that these types of projects can reduce the intensity  of fires up to 70 percent.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Poe of Texas). The time of the gentleman  has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. My intensity of this  issue is almost that of the fires we fight.   We can reduce the size and intensity of fires by 70 percent if we do  the kinds of projects that thin out the forest, better manage, and be  better stewards of our public Federal forests that are contemplated as  a result of this legislation.   In Oregon, this bill would take away an arbitrary prohibition on  harvesting trees over 21 inches in diameter that has tied the hands of  our forest managers. We would clarify timber production mandates of the  unique Oregon-California lands in southern and western Oregon to live  with the underlying statute and actually have it enforced.   When fires do happen, we would exchange this for a new, healthy  forest that would grow green trees that sequester carbon and restore a  landscape that we in the West so enjoy.   It is long past time to fix our broken forest policy. I commend the  Rules Committee for bringing this bill forward, and I commend Mr.  Westerman, Mr. Bishop, and others who have worked on this on both sides  of the aisle to help us stop the fires that ravage, and kill, and  destroy, and to help us have healthy, green forests.   