 Mr. Speaker, the simple truth is America has no business  involving itself in this Saudi-led civil war in Yemen. That is why I  introduced my amendment, which passed the House just last July,  declaring that none of the funds in the National Defense Authorization  Act will be used to deploy ground troops in Yemen.   But the fact is that the United States is still financially  supporting this Saudi-led war, and that is simply wrong for three  primary reasons:   First, America's support for this Saudi-led war in Yemen is  unauthorized. Congress never approved a declaration of war in Yemen.  Nothing could be more clear in the Constitution of the United States as  to who has responsibility for declaring wars. It is not the President.  It is the Congress of the United States of America. Right now, we are  still financially supporting a Saudi air war and blockade in Yemen-- both, acts of war. It is time to put a stop to that.   Second, we are supporting this Saudi-led blockade that is causing  horrific starvation, disease, and death in Yemen. This blockade has  forced more than 7 million people in Yemen to the brink of starvation.  It has sparked the world's largest cholera crisis in recorded history,  and more than 8,000 people in Yemen have been killed and nearly 50,000  injured in airstrikes and fighting on the ground. It is unconscionable  for us to continue support for this war.   And, finally, I can't say enough, America is already involved in too  many endless wars of choice in the Middle East. The President of the  United States acknowledged that we have spent $6 trillion just on the  wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and they have acknowledged that we have  $2 trillion in expenses going forward taking care of the heroes who  served our Nation--lost arms and legs and irreparable damage. That is  $8 trillion.   Think about it. For one of those trillion--just one of them--we could  have eliminated student debt in America.   Think about it. For another one of those trillion, there is our  trillion for our infrastructure.   Think about it. For another one of those trillion, we could have  found a cure for cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's, or any one of a number  of things.   These endless wars of choice, where we have inadvertently been on  virtually every side of the conflicts one time or another, are so  costly in blood and in treasury. It is time to put a stop to spending  these trillions on these wars and start reinvesting in America,  reinvesting in the American people.   Mr. Speaker, the bottom line: Congress must stand up and bring an end  to American involvement in these costly wars and, now, in Yemen, where  we have no authorization and we have no business being involved.   