 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S2859]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S2859]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S2859]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, all of us, every Member of the U.S. Senate,  all 100 of us, whether we are Republicans or Democrats, want the U.S.  Senate to function. We ought to want the Senate to be able to  accomplish its work. It is a challenge all the time but learning what  transpired this morning on the Senate floor, in my view, reaches  another low for the Senate.   It is hard to explain, but it takes unanimous consent for committees  to meet while the Senate is in session, and that is a request that is  made on an ongoing basis when the Senate convenes, and it happened  again this morning. Almost without exception, it is routine. The rules  require that 2 hours after the Senate convenes, no committee can then  meet unless there is agreement. So the majority leader today requested  that the unanimous consent be granted, just like in almost every other  day in the Senate, but what was different today was an objection was  raised by the minority whip, and apparently the explanation is it is  because of the firing of the Director of the FBI last night.   Now, how the Senate is functioning or not functioning seems to me to  be unrelated to what transpired last night relating to the Director of  the FBI. So in this place, where we are trying to do the people's work  and make decisions and do good for America, the spillover over partisan  politics, the spillover about playing a political game, highlighting a  point has now caused the Senate to not be able to conduct hearings  today. In fact, the minority Members of the Senate were instructed,  requested, on their own volition--all left the hearings that were  already being conducted this morning in protest over what transpired  last night.   I am of a view that this is a diverse country. I am of a view that  people of the U.S. Senate represent folks from across the country with  different philosophies, different political parties, different people,  different backgrounds. We all bring to the Senate a set of  characteristics that are different, one from another, but I have great  regard and respect for every Senator's point of view, and I would say  that every Senator ought to have the ability to express their views on  behalf of their constituents, but we can only do that if we allow the  Senate to function.   I was on the Senate floor not long ago praising the fact that we  finally were successful in the appropriations process; that we passed  the fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill. For too long, the  appropriations process has been broken down, and we have conducted  business in the United States by continuing resolution. I thought we  were back on a path in which there was enough agreement, respect among  Members, enough setting aside of partisan differences to actually  accomplish legislation. I was pleased that we did that, but today we  fall back into the pattern of when something happens we want to make a  political point. We then obstruct the ability of others in the Senate  to conduct their work, to express their opinion, to gather the  information they need.   This came to my attention--what transpired today--because this  afternoon at 2:30 was scheduled a hearing by the Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee. That hearing has absolutely nothing to do with the  FBI. We have the new Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs  scheduled to testify about the Department's plan for modifications to a  program called Choice that is important to me, my constituents, and to  the veterans of Kansas. I was so pleased the hearing had been  scheduled, and I was looking forward to the questioning and having a  conversation with the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs  about how to make this system of Choice work for veterans who live in  Kansas, from the rural side of our State to the suburban and urban side  of our State, but because of a pique of anger, political posturing, and  partisanship, the hearing is apparently no longer able to take place.  The hearing this morning, which could only last for an hour and a half  and which I guess the minority members walked out--seemed to me, at  least sounded like, to be things that would be very important for us to  pursue.   The Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities  was to have a closed briefing this morning. The Homeland Security  Committee was to examine cyber threats facing America, focusing on an  overview of the cyber threat landscape. The list is significant in the  things that we ought to be paying attention to, and yet, because of an  objection, those hearings will not take place or were shortened or  disrupted by only one party's participation.   I am not here trying to create further partisanship between  Republicans and Democrats. I am here trying to remind ourselves that  there is value in allowing cooperation between the minority and  majority, not for our own benefits but for the benefit of the country  and the citizens we represent. Everything does not have to be partisan.  Everything does not have to be political.   Today we see the Senate sliding back into the habit of making things  that we have really nothing to do with and weren't the cause of taking  place--apparently to make a political point and perhaps to score votes  for support in a political way. We ought to all, as U.S. Senators,  respect the opinions, values, and the positions of others, but we do  that in a setting in which we all come together, not in which we cancel  meetings as a result of a political statement.   I appreciate the opportunity to express my concerns about what has  transpired and to ask for us to go back to the time in which we worked  together on a daily basis and we don't use an excuse to shut down the  committee hearing process.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   