 Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful to Mr. Lance for his  great leadership on this issue. And I appreciate the comments of my  friend across the aisle, Mr. Doyle.   This did pass by voice vote.   One can't help but wonder: How many times has this played out that we  don't know about? How many times has there been a child that tried to  dial 911? How many times has a panicked adult dialed 911 not knowing?   And I was in a hotel the other day where you had to dial 7 to get  out.   How many times has somebody been killed trying to dial 911?   We don't know. There is no way to know. But we do know that this is  the right thing to do. And the only reason this came forward is after  the tragic loss of Kari. Her death occurred over several minutes.  Normally in a town like Marshall, especially in a town like that, the  police are going to be there within a minute or two when something goes  on this long. It was a beating; it was a stabbing; her daughter was  trying to dial.   After Kari had left this world, her daughter was sitting in Hank  Hunt's lap. She was crying saying: I did all I could. I kept dialing  911 and it wouldn't go through.   Hank was torn up about it and got to investigating. That is when this  was brought to light. When Hank brought it to my attention, we got to  investigating. And we do have limits here in Congress. We are not  supposed to go meddling, according to the 10th Amendment, in State and  local affairs; but this is a matter of interstate communications. This  is a matter for the Congress. This goes across State lines constantly.  It is in the public domain across the country. If we don't do it when  it involves interstate commerce, then nobody else has the authority to  go across State lines.   I also thank the FCC Commissioner Pai, who I understand will soon be  the chairman, for all his efforts because he truly participated.   We found out that there is really no cost. If we pass this law such  as it is, then the companies that produce these phones would just set  the default position so that when someone dials 911, it goes straight  to an emergency operator without having to dial a prefix, whether it is  7, 9, 3, whatever. So there is no cost in that. It is just telling them  how to do the default.   What about existing lines?   And then we found from people that have installed these multiphone  lines that, actually, if somebody calls and says, ``Hey, we need to get  our phone system reset so you can dial 911 and it goes straight  through,'' everyone that we have talked to that was in that business  said, ``Oh, we will come make that switch for free.''   So we knew we had a bill here, we had a law--it goes across party  lines, it goes across bicameral lines--we had an opportunity to pass a  bill.   I am grateful to Senator Klobuchar in the Senate and all the  bipartisan support there. As my friend, Mr. Doyle, pointed out, there  is another push. Let's identify exactly where someone is within that  multiline system. That will cost money.   There are some that have said: Look, if there is somebody that is  making a secret call, they don't want the bad guys figuring out where  the call is coming from.   So there are other issues involved here, but we have a bill that will  save lives and it is agreeable across the aisle. It passed this manner  in the past Congress. It will pass this way again today. So I urge not  only our friends here in the House, but also my friends in the Senate,  please pass this bill that we all agree on, save lives, and then let's  have a full and thorough debate on the part that will cost money. We  have some mom and pop hotels that say: If you make us buy a new phone  system, the one we have won't be able to identify which room is making  the call. You make us add to that, we are already in trouble. We are  barely getting by. Please don't add more costs to what we are  struggling to pay as it is.    Let's have that debate in a separate bill. Go in and pass this  noncontroversial one for Kari's sake and for the sake of all of those  that would come into the same situation. Let's just pass this bill.  Kari, as her father and her daughters have said, will then not have  died for nothing. Her loss of life will save lives in the future.   Again, I thank my friend, Mr. Lance. What a great American, the way  he pursues matters of conscience. I appreciate again my friend across  the aisle, Mr. Doyle.   I urge passage of this bill now, today.   