 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from North Carolina for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, if you were trying to do damage to the United States and  you wanted to design a Tax Code that hindered economic growth, that  diverted a lot of productive energy, that basically kept America from  reaching its economic potential, you probably couldn't do much worse  than designing the code that we have.   It is enormously complex--70,000 plus pages. I confess, there is no  way I can do my own taxes, and I think that is true for millions and  millions of Americans. There is a frustration with that, but it also  costs massive amounts of money and diverts energy. We are talking about  hundreds of billions of dollars that get diverted to complying with the  Tax Code, and that is not optimal for economic growth.   It repels capital and incentivizes companies to relocate overseas and  take jobs overseas. You see companies reincorporating in Ireland or  Canada. That is because we have the highest corporate tax rate in the  industrialized world. We are almost trying to send businesses overseas.  [[Page H7963]]    It doesn't allow middle class families to keep enough of the money  they earn. If you look over the past decade or so, family income really  hasn't risen by that much, yet the cost of living has gone up. So by  taking more and more from taxes, it makes it harder for middle class  families to make ends meet.   So reforming the Tax Code, doing a nice, big tax cut, I think is long  overdue. It would be a boon to our economy. You would have a simple  system--no more 70,000 pages. Fill out your taxes on a postcard. That  not only is more economically efficient, it gives people a lot of peace  of mind to know they can do their taxes themselves. It is going to  incentivize us to bring all of the trillions of dollars in overseas  profits, and bring it back to the United States so that we can invest  it here through our companies and create more jobs here.   It will make our American businesses more competitive. Our business  tax system is outdated. It is uncompetitive. This, I think, will change  a lot of that by having a competitive business tax rate, and I think  that that will mean more economic growth.   So I think all that is pretty obvious to most people who look at this  in a fair way. The question for us now is, we have to produce this  bill. We have been talking about tax reform for a long time this year,  and I think that is great, but it is time right now for us to produce  this bill, debate it here in the House, pass it, and send it over to  the United States Senate.   I am not encouraged when, given the urgency of this, we are going on  a recess next week. The House is not going to be here. You are not  going to have a tax bill marked up in the Ways and Means Committee or  unveiled to the public. Members are not going to be debating that. I  think it is time that we do that, and I think there should be a sense  of urgency with that.   We have got to get our job done. I think the bill should have been  passed by now, but let's get it done. Send it to the Senate. I don't  think you would probably have very smart money to bet that the Senate  is going to come through in the clutch. They haven't shown they can do  that yet. But this is going to be a big question for them: Can you get  anything done in the U.S. Senate? This is something that we know we  need to do. It will be good for our economy.   All of the Republicans have said that our Tax Code is a disaster. So  if we send them a good bill, this is going to be a major test. Can you  apply the majority that the voters gave us? Can you honor your promises  and do something good for taxpayers? I hope the answer is yes. But I  think in this body we have got to be focusing on, let's put the Senate  to the test. Let's draft, debate, and pass a strong, bold, tax cut and  tax reform.   