 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  confirmation of William Emanuel to be a Member of the National Labor  Relations Board, NLRB. I am glad that we are moving this nomination  because, once Mr. Emanuel is confirmed, we will have a full five-member  National Labor Relations Board, which has not been the case in nearly 2  years.   The NLRB was created in 1935 by the National Labor Relations Act,  NLRA, which was significantly amended in 1947 by the Taft-Hartley Act.  It has the statutory mission to promote ``free flow of commerce'' by  allowing employees to organize and bargain collectively.   The statute provides that ``employees shall have the right to self- organization, to form, join, or assist labor organizations, to bargain  collectively through representatives of their own choosing, and to  engage in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective  bargaining or other mutual aid or protection, and shall also have the  right to refrain from any or all of such activities.'' The statute  further provides that it is an unfair labor practice for unions to  ``restrain or coerce employees in the exercise of their rights.''   After years of playing the role of advocate for organized labor, the  new Board should return to the role of neutral umpire. Board  partisanship did not start under President Obama, but it became worse  under him. When the Board is too partisan, it creates instability in  our Nation's workplaces and does not serve the intent of the law, which  is stable labor relations and free flow of commerce. The Obama Board  overturned numerous longstanding precedents that had been upheld for  decades by both Republican and Democrat boards.   Under President Obama, the Board took three particularly harmful  actions. First, the joint-employer decision, which was the biggest  attack on the opportunity for small businessmen and women in this  country to make their way into the middle class that anyone has seen in  a long time--threatening to destroy the American Dream for owners of  the nation's 780,000 franchise locations. Second, the ambush elections  rule, which can force a union election before an employer and many  employees even have a chance to figure out what is going on. This rule  also forces employers to provide union organizers with a list of  employees' telephone numbers, email addresses, employee work locations,  shifts, and job classifications--highly personal information that many  employees may not wish to share. Third was the microunion decision,  which gave factions of employees within single businesses a path to  forming their own unions. This decision risks fracturing workplaces and  creating the potential for conflict and uncertainty among employees.   The Senate has the opportunity today to help reverse this harmful  trend and bring stability to our Nation's workplaces by voting for  William Emanuel and filling out the Board--again, for the first time in  nearly 2 years. Mr. Emanuel is eminently qualified to serve on the  NLRB. He is currently a shareholder at Littler Mendelson in Los Angeles  where he works on labor and employment matters. Mr. Emanuel has spent  the entirety of his impressive career in the private sector,  representing trade associations, hospitals and healthcare  organizations, schools, as well as transportation, logistics, and  manufacturing companies. Mr. Emanuel has previously represented his  clients before the NLRB and has filed amicus briefs on behalf of trade  associations.   Mr. Emanuel was nominated to be a member of the NLRB on June 29,  2017. The committee received Mr. Emanuel's HELP application on June 30.  On July 6, the committee received Mr. Emanuel's Office of Government  Ethics paperwork, including his public financial disclosure and ethics  agreement. Based on these documents, OGE determined that Mr. Emanuel  ``is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing  conflicts of interest.''   We held Mr. Emanuel's hearing on July 13, and he completed all  paperwork in accordance with the HELP Committee's rules, practices, and  procedures.   Mr. Emanuel offered to meet with all HELP Committee members. Mr.  Emanuel met with nine of them, including five Democratic members.  Following the hearing, Mr. Emanuel responded to 62 questions for the  record, QFRs, or 101 if you include subquestions, and those responses  were provided to Senators prior to the markup. The HELP Committee  favorably reported out Mr. Emanuel's nomination on July 19.   I look forward to voting for William Emanuel, who will serve on the  National Labor Relations Board with distinction.   