 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise this afternoon to bid a very fond  farewell to a man whom I have come to like very much and respect  enormously. He is Christopher Gahan. He has been my chief of staff for  6 years. After 6 years of extraordinary service, he has decided that he  is going to move on to the private sector. I want to say a few words  about Christopher's background and his contribution to my office, to  our country, and the people of Pennsylvania.   Christopher is actually from New Hampshire. He is a native of Rye  Beach. After growing up in New Hampshire, he earned his degree in  biology at Brown University and then went on to get a law degree from  Harvard. I can assure everyone he has recovered from his educational  experience to a very extensive degree.   He went into law and practiced at the law firm of Latham & Watkins in  Los Angeles and Washington. He had a very successful time there, but he  decided he wanted to come to Washington and work in government and,  specifically, work on the Hill. He went to work for Judd Gregg, Senator  Gregg from New Hampshire, and Christopher Gahan, I understand, had  almost every job that a Senate office has. He started at the very  beginning, but because of his enormous talents and his ability and hard  work, he relatively quickly rose and became chief of staff for Senator  Gregg.   When I was elected to the Senate in 2010, I got a call within a  matter of weeks from Christopher, and he said he wanted to come and  meet with me and discuss the fact that I needed a chief of staff. He  drove up to Allentown. We had lunch, and I decided almost immediately  that this guy would probably do a great job. He clearly had the  attributes that I was looking for.   I should also point out some of the things that are perhaps not as  widely known about Christopher outside of my office. One is that he is  a tremendous athlete. He has been for a long time. When he was in  college, he was on the varsity men's water polo team. He was cocaptain  at Brown, he was All-Ivy League, and to this day, he gets up at 4 or 5  o'clock every morning and usually goes for a run. He occasionally bangs  out a marathon and thinks nothing of it. He has quite a diverse range  of talents.   He also has a very peculiar taste in certain things. He loves all  things related to cats, except the animals themselves. I don't  understand that. Maybe it is an allergy; I am not sure exactly what it  is. If you look at his desk area, he has funny photos of cats, little  porcelain cats, little masks of cats, and a calendar of cats. He loves  all things cats, except the animals themselves. It is quite remarkable.   Having said all of that about his background, what I really want to  say is how fortunate Pennsylvania and I have been to have Christopher  Gahan serving in this capacity. As I said, from the day that I had  lunch with Christopher, I knew he could do a great job. I knew he had  that ability. I had very high expectations for what he could do, and he  has exceeded those expectations every day. It has really been quite  amazing. He is a very intelligent man, but more importantly, he has  great judgment and a great ability to work with people.   The role he has played in my office has been absolutely tremendous.  For example, he is very knowledgeable about a number of issue areas,  but he always understood that his role was to help the legislative  assistants who had responsibilities for those areas. Christopher's role  was to make sure that they were able to do the work they were assigned  to do and to really shine and get a chance to excel and to grow  personally. While he could have inserted himself in that dynamic, he  never did. He always chose to empower  [[Page S225]]  the people who worked under him, and he created an environment where  people loved to come to work every day. They loved to work hard. They  wanted to do well for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is they  wanted to continue to earn the respect of Christopher Gahan.   Needless to say, he is extremely well liked, both within the office  and on the Hill. I know how often other chiefs, other Members, people  who come to us with concerns from Pennsylvania--they have praised his  even-handed, very thoughtful, very hard-working approach. He has truly  enabled us to have a very successful office for these last 6 years, and  I am very grateful to him.   He is moving on to the private sector, and I understand that. He has  served me and my office, our State and our country very well. He  deserves the change that he has embraced, and I think he is going to do  very well. I am sure he will, and I wish him every success. My only  insistence is that he stay in touch because he has become a very good  friend and he is just a great source of advice.   Lastly, he is a great patriot. He loves this country. He has served  it well, and we are going to miss him.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   