 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as mentioned last night during general debate  on the underlying bill, the VA has experienced a shortage of medical  providers. This shortage impacts not only a veteran's access to care,  but also the quality of care a veteran may receive.   Dr. Wenstrup's amendment is smart. It would allow the VA more  authority, information, and resources, all of which they need to  compete with non-VA facilities. The honorable Member from Ohio has  worked hard to ensure that what we are proposing with this legislation  is reasonable from all sides. I am grateful for that. I do not object  to the various changes he is proposing with this amendment to the  timeline, to the GAO reporting deadline, and to the establishment of a  recruiting database from a ``shall'' to a ``may'' authority. This is  exactly what we should be doing, putting forward good pieces of  legislation, making sure that the VA gets the best possible people,  keeps them there, and care for our veterans. I fully support the  gentleman's amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, we must enable the VA to recruit and retain  the most capable people to serve our Nation's veterans.   We also know that one size does not fit all when considering an  applicant's background and experience. If an individual has gained  valuable experience over many years at an agency, we don't want to  eliminate them as an option. Federal hiring officials need the most  complete list of options available to select the most highly qualified  employees.   I do not object to requiring former political appointees at the VA go  through the proper selection process when they apply for nonpolitical,  competitively selected positions.   I truly appreciate the spirit and intent of the gentleman from  Colorado's amendment. I support it, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I do not oppose this amendment. It is smart.   I have seen how important employee exit surveys can be in  facilitating and understanding how an organization can be improved,  made more efficient, or take constructive criticism. It makes absolute  sense that employees filling them out know that they can provide honest  responses because their anonymity will be protected by law, not by a  promise or regulation.   Ensuring that exit data is collected on the VISN level will give VA  leadership the most accurate look at where in the country higher  retention policies are working and where they are not. That is just  good, best practice.   Mr. Chair, I support the gentlewoman's smart amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, every Member of Congress has heard directly from  their constituents who receive health care from the VA that it is  understaffed. This is true at all levels, but it is vital to both the  workforce and the veterans served that each medical center have  permanent leadership.   I think all of us know--and there is an old saying--if you have been  to one VA facility, you have been to one VA facility. Again, it may  seem like the easiest thing to say that leadership matters at these  facilities. Nothing matters more.   When a VA facility is moving in the right direction, it can always be  traced to strong, directed leadership. In almost every case each one of  us has worked on, whether it is weak leadership or lack of leadership,  those situations go awry.   I have a situation in Minnesota where we have been waiting for  leadership for a year. We were notified, I believe, a week or so ago  that we are finally getting that.   I enthusiastically endorse Mr. Bost's amendment, which would require  the Department to get these things done, develop and implement a plan  within 120 days of enactment to hire a permanent director for each  medical center which does not have one.   As the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) says in his amendment, a  new director may well be identified from senior executives already  within the Department, or he or she may be someone from outside the  agency who meets the qualifications and wants to work at the VA.   What is necessary is that filling these open directorships be made a  priority. Requiring the VA to show us the plan to do so and provide  regular updates as that plan is implemented is a way to set this  priority.   I commend the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) for getting at the  heart of this. This will be about accountability. It will put the right  people in place to make the right decisions and get the care for our  veterans.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly support it, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   