 Mr. President, I am honored to be here with several  other Members to talk about the issue of immigration. This has become a  very contentious issue. As soon as you say the word ``immigration,''  there is a whole group of people who immediately start screaming  amnesty on every part of the conversation. Another whole group starts  screaming ``jack-hooded thugs'' trying to take grandmothers out of  their homes, and the whole conversation diminishes, and we lose the  policy issues that are in place.   There are obvious problems with immigration. We have not taken those  obvious issues on in decades. They need to be resolved, and every year  they are not resolved, this issue gets harder and it gets more  complicated. We should address the issue of immigration. For years, the  conversation has been out there, and for years, it has remained  unresolved. I would challenge this body in the next 3 months: Let's  resolve some of the big issues in immigration.   Almost 4 years ago, I was in Central America with a group of other  Senators and House Members. We were meeting with Central American  leaders, and we were meeting with them to talk about immigration and  about some of those individuals leaving those countries who were coming  to the United States illegally. But also, we met with them in Central  America to determine what they should do for immigration. Multiple  countries that were there in the conversation were talking about how  they were increasing their border requirements at their borders, how  they were managing their workforce within their country, and how  individuals from other Central American countries were traveling to  their countries and changing the job structure and changing the pay  structure.   We somehow get this belief that the immigration issue is only an  American issue. Every country in the world deals with immigration  because every country in the world has the right and the responsibility  to know who is in their country. Are they citizens? Are they  noncitizens? I should have the ability, in my country, to be able to  know who is coming in as a guest and to be able to say yes or no. That  is a basic right. For some reason, that becomes lost in all of this  conversation.   When we fly anywhere else in the world, we have a visa or we have a  passport because when we enter that country, that country requires it.  That country, when we land, wants to know who is in their country and  where they are. That seems normal to us when we talk about travel, but  for some reason, it gets lost in this issue of immigration. This should  be a normal conversation--that our country would know who is in the  country, that we would know where they are, if they are a guest, and  that we would know when they are leaving.   After the 9/11 Commission finished, they challenged our Nation to  resolve one of the issues of immigration that sat out there that is  still unresolved to this day. It is entry-exit visas. Why can  [[Page S7837]]  we not know if a person comes in under a legal visa? We know when they  come in, but we don't know when they leave. That is still unresolved a  decade and a half later. Year after year, when I talk to Homeland  Security, they say: We are doing a pilot project. We are close.   Year after year, that is unresolved. The vast majority of the people  who are in our country illegally didn't cross a border illegally. They  came with a visa, they overstayed it, and they never left. We are never  asking the questions: Who is here, who is not here, and where do those  connections come from?   What I would like to find is a way to establish a group of  foundational issues that are commonsense solutions to the obvious  immigration issues that we face--and find common ground. We will have  disagreement in this body, but we should be able to find common ground  on immigration issues that we can all look at and say: That is a  reasonable way to do it. Probably, every Member of this body would do  it a little bit different, and we would have a different set of  preferences, but we should all agree it should be done. We have to  solve the obvious issues, and there are areas of common ground to be  able to do it.   Quite frankly, the President of the United States gave us quite a  gift about 3\1/2\ months ago when he said to the DACA Program: That is  an administrative program. It should be a legislative issue. I am not  going to renew that any more as an administrative issue. That needs to  be done in Congress.   For the first time in a long time, Congress has a deadline to be able  to deal with immigration. That is actually a very good gift because  this Congress has punted the immigration issue year after year without  a deadline to get it resolved. Now we do have one. That deadline is in  early March. I would suggest to this body: Let's get it resolved. Let's  find the areas where we can actually find common ground in this area.  Some should be pretty obvious.   Immigration courts, right now, have over half a million cases  backlogged and pending. Currently, if you are going to hire a new judge  to be able to be in the immigration courts, it will take 742 days to  hire one immigration judge. That is not right. That is ridiculous. We  should be able to get that resolved, to be able to add new judges to  our immigration courts, and to be able to help deal with the backlog of  over half a million people. The E-Verify system has been renewed in a  bipartisan way year after year. Let's take it beyond the temporary  program that it is right now. Some people don't know it is a temporary  program. Let's move it from a temporary program to a permanent program.  Let's do a permanent reauthorization. And let's make the tweaks and  changes that are needed, whether it is to be able to move E-Verify into  the hiring system, whether it is to be able to encourage individuals in  their hiring--for more companies to be able to use it, for it to be a  faster system that is more reliable. At times it can take up to 6  months to get a final answer from E-Verify. Again, that is absurd. That  is a fixable issue that we should be able to do.    We should be able to resolve the issue of chain migration. We somehow  believe that chain migration is an issue that has existed forever. It  has not. It has been around only since 1965. Prior to 1965, our  immigration issues were tighter than they are now. But now it has  formed into this system where you can have initially your nuclear  family, and then as you gain citizenship, you can add parents, and you  can eventually add siblings, and you can add other individuals, and it  continues to accelerate.   I am always frustrated when I hear people talk about our legal  immigration system in the United States and say that we should be more  open. We admit 1 million people a year through legal immigration--1  million a year. We are a very open country to legal immigration.   We need to be more precise. We need to base our immigration not just  on chains of family connections but actually what our Nation needs to  grow economically. I am not anti-family--far from it--but we should  have a reasonable system. Canada doesn't do it this way. Australia  doesn't do it this way. The UK doesn't do it this way. We still do. We  should be able to resolve this.   We should deal with the issue of border security. There has been a  lot of conversation about a wall. I don't think we should have a 2,000- mile-long wall on our southern border and a multithousand-mile-long  wall on our northern border, but I do think we should be able to  monitor our border and know who is coming in and out. Not everyone is  coming just to work. There are individuals who are trafficking drugs  and people. We do need to be able to monitor them.   I have heard folks say that we don't need a wall anywhere. I totally  disagree. This whole adage of a 20-foot wall just begs for a 21-foot  ladder--if you talk to the homeland security folks and the border  security folks, they would say: Fine, put a 21-foot ladder there  because it slows you down in the process. A wall is not designed to  prevent you entirely; it is designed to slow you so we can actually  interdict you, prevent you from coming in.   Yuma, AZ, can tell us the story about when they put up a wall, how it  dramatically slowed down crime in Yuma, AZ, rather than just having an  open border. There are areas where we desperately need a wall. There  are other areas where we just need vehicular barriers. There are other  areas where we need drones, and we need greater technology. But we  certainly need more personnel in that area. It is one of the other  challenges we face.   The President said: Let's add 5,000 new people. Great. Do you know  how long it takes to hire one Border Patrol person? It takes 450 days-- 450 days to hire one person on the Border Patrol. It is a broken system  of hiring. We need to fix that.   We need to do more rapid screening.   We certainly need to take care of the issue of sanctuary cities. All  of the Nation last week did a giant sigh for Kate Steinle's family.  Kate was murdered in San Francisco--a sanctuary city--by someone who  had seven felonies and who had been deported five times. Then a jury  said that because the bullet ricocheted off the ground, it wasn't  really murder. He can go free. We have to resolve the issue of  sanctuary cities. That is unjust. We are better than that as a nation.   We certainly should resolve the issue of DACA. We have kids who have  been in this country and have grown up in this country. They get up  every day, and they say the Pledge of Allegiance to this country. They  speak perfect English. They have great grades and no criminal history.  I asked people in my State: Who would you like to come into the country  and be free to join this country? If they say the pledge every day, if  they speak perfect English, if they are passionate about  entrepreneurship and starting companies and getting engaged, if they  have joined the military--that is exactly whom the people of my State  would like to see immigrate to this country to be a part of it.   Well, guess what. We have almost a million of them already living  here, but they have no legal status. They were brought here as a child  by their parents under no decision of their own. We should have a long- term legislative solution. This particular bill that is under  discussion now has a short-term solution to that, something called the  BRIDGE Act. It is a 3-year legislative solution. It cries out for a  longer solution, but it at least gives additional certainty more so  than what DACA has.   I would challenge this body to look at all of these reasonable  solutions and to say: If we can't decide on these, let's start the  conversation. What can we decide on? How far can we get? How much can  we resolve in immigration?   Let's do it, and let's do it right. Let's start the conversation, but  let's finish it this time. We should negotiate with the House. They  have some great ideas. We should negotiate here. There are some  tremendous ideas on both sides of the aisle. But let's certainly get it  done. I look forward to that ongoing conversation. Let's get this  resolved in the days ahead.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.   