 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 469,  the newly renamed Congressional Article I Power Strengthening Act.   This bill stitches together three unrelated bills, each one  problematic in its own way.   Title III of the bill, the Article I Amicus and Intervention Act,  would permit as a right the House to intervene as a party where an  amicus in a lawsuit with the Department of Justice declines to defend  the constitutionality of a law or regulation.   While this proposal may have some merit, it was introduced only last  week. It was the subject of no hearing. It has had no markup. We simply  do not know the full implications of the measure. If it is a worthy  proposal, we should take the time to consider it in committee before  moving forward.   Title II of the legislation, the Judgment Fund Transparency Act,  would require additional reporting about the funds paid out of the  Treasury Department's Judgment Fund by the United States Government to  resolve legal claims against it. This legislation raises significant  privacy concerns. It would require publishing sensitive, personally  identifying information about individual claimants who are the victims  of government misconduct, such as medical malpractice, racial  discrimination, or sexual harassment.   Our laws should carefully balance the need for public disclosure of  government spending with the need to protect the personal privacy of  individual citizens. This bill upsets that balance.   By far, the most concerning aspect of this legislation is Title I,  the Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements  Act.   This provision also poses as a transparency measure, but its real aim  is to disrupt and delay the process for issuing rules that protect  public health and safety.   Congress frequently sets a statutory deadline for an agency to  complete a rulemaking, but the agency sometimes misses that deadline.  Under current law, private parties can sue the agency to meet its  statutory obligations. Since there is little dispute that the agency  has failed to do its duty, these lawsuits often end up settling, with  the agency agreeing to a new schedule in which to complete the required  rulemaking. That is perfectly reasonable.   However, the Republican majority and the businesses that are the  subject of such regulation believe these lawsuits have some nefarious  purpose. They have concocted an imagined vast conspiracy by which  private parties collude with the government to file a lawsuit, and the  government happily either settles or enters into a consent decree,  supposedly allowing it to impose obligations or rules beyond what it  could otherwise do.   Unfortunately for supporters of this bill, there is no evidence of  such a conspiracy and no evidence, in fact, of any problem. To solve  this nonexistent problem, this bill adds numerous procedural  requirements before a settlement or consent degree can be entered into.   The effect of these requirements would be to make any settlements or  consent decrees more difficult and more time-consuming to enter into,  with the predictable result that agencies will not even bother to enter  into them at all.   Most troubling, the bill would create a special and more permissive  rule for virtually any party to involve itself in the case as an  intervener. These interveners would do their best to ruin, block, or  delay any settlement, including during what should be private  negotiations.   That, of course, is the true purpose of this bill. They seek to tie  government agencies up in years of litigation so that they are unable  to issue rules protecting public health and safety. The real conspiracy  here is the Republican plot to destroy the regulatory state. With one  hand, we defund the agencies; and with the other hand, we build all  sorts of hurdles in the regulatory process so that the agencies have no  ability to complete their work.   It is a shameful effort that may save big businesses some money and  regulatory compliance, but it will cost our citizens their health,  their safety, and possibly their lives.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this terrible  legislation.   