 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Toomey). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I take to the floor to urge my colleagues  to vote against two of the resolutions that are on the floor, H.J. Res.  66 and H.J. Res. 67--both under the Congressional Review Act--which  would not allow two regulations under the Obama administration to go  forward that would allow for increased retirement security for American  workers and families.   Throughout my time in office, I have fought hard for measures that  increase the retirement security for American workers and families. One  of the most prominent examples is the private retirement improvements  that I championed with my friend Senator Portman when we were both in  the House of Representatives.   More recently, Senator Portman and I have joined together to support  other changes to our pension laws that enhance retirement security. For  instance, the Cardin-Portman Church  [[Page S2084]]  Plan Clarification Act, which became law in 2015, clarified the  application of certain tax laws and regulations to the unique  structures of church pension plans. The Cardin-Portman Retirement  Security Preservation Act, which was reported out of the Finance  Committee unanimously last September, amends nondiscrimination  regulations to protect older workers in pension plans that have been  closed or frozen. I hope the bill will be taken up again in this  Congress.   I mention these efforts over the years with Senator Portman because I  think they show two things: First, they show that ensuring all  Americans can retire with dignity is an ongoing effort. We need to work  continually with workers, retirees, and other stakeholders to make sure  retirement security is achievable, especially as our economy changes.  Second, they show that this ongoing work has been and hopefully will  continue to be strongly bipartisan. That is why I need to speak in  opposition to H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67. These resolutions are an  unnecessary step backward in our ongoing retirement security work.   As my colleagues are aware, H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67 eliminate  the ERISA safe harbor that was created by the Department of Labor for  IRA plans that are administered by State and local governments. We are  considering the local government resolution today, but I want to stress  the importance of both types of plans.   The provisions of this safe harbor are very similar to an existing  safe harbor that is already in ERISA that allows employers to establish  payroll deductions to IRAs. So long as the State- and municipal-run  plans meet the requirements of the safe harbor, the businesses--usually  small businesses--that offer State-run retirement plans to their  workers will not inadvertently be subject to liability under Federal  law.   The Department of Labor rules were meant to provide legal certainty  to the increasing number of States that have decided, in the absence of  any action by the Congress, to address the retirement coverage gap in  their communities. Maryland is one of those States. Our State is  active. Last year, Republican Governor Larry Hogan signed legislation  creating a Maryland-run automatic IRA program. The legislation was  backed by the Democratic leaders in the general assembly. In fact, it  passed unanimously out of our Senate.   The reason for this bipartisanship was, in part, in recognition of  the stakes. At the time the law went into effect, which was last July,  an estimated 1 million Marylanders worked for businesses that did not  offer retirement savings plans. Without the rule, the businesses that  choose to use the Maryland-run option to provide retirement plans for  their workers may face legal liability. At the very least, the repeal  of the safe harbor will slow the entire implementation process.   I understand that my colleagues who oppose the Department of Labor  rule want to be sure that strong ERISA protections apply to retirees;  however, under current law, most IRAs do not have ERISA protection. For  these IRAs, the only chance for any kind of consumer protection is for  States to do it. H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67 are seeking to undo  that.   I am also confused by claims that the adoption of these resolutions  would necessarily lead to the complete ERISA preemption of State  programs. The Department of Labor does not take that position. To claim  that these resolutions alone would have such a broad effect on the  interaction of ERISA with State law is troubling, to say the least.   Let me be clear. I would prefer Federal action in this space.  Retirement security is one of a seemingly dwindling number of  bipartisan issues we can tackle in Congress, and the concerns raised by  many of the stakeholders I have worked with in the past on retirement  reform are understandable. I am concerned that a lack of Federal action  will lead to a State-level patchwork that will be hard for employers  and more mobile workers to navigate. I would much rather build on the  efforts of the States to create a uniform Federal system under which  employers would adopt high-quality, well-managed plans. I am also  concerned that providing a State-run option could diminish robust  competition with the private sector.   The point of these State-run programs is to decrease our coverage  gap. However, we must not also create a race to the bottom whereby  employers opt for a one-size-fits-all minimum and do not consider other  plans that may be better tailored to their workforces. This is not, in  my view, the case in Maryland.   The answer to these problems is not H.J. Res. 66 or H.J. Res. 67; it  is for Congress to continue its ongoing bipartisan work on retirement  security, not to undermine what our States have chosen to do to help  our mutual constituents. This is federalism the way federalism is  supposed to work. The States adopt policies and hopefully give us some  guidance as to how we can develop uniform national policies.   I am, frankly, surprised that my Republican colleagues have chosen to  take up these resolutions. It is hard to see what the disapproval of  the Department of Labor rules achieves other than notching the repeal  of another Obama-era rule, but at what cost?   To me, the resolutions take a fairly clear, anti-States'-rights  stance, all to create potential liability for small employers who will  take advantage of the new State laws. Essentially, supporting this  resolution means sowing unnecessary legal confusion in an area in which  States have already acted in a bipartisan way. We can do better. We can  work together on this issue. Instead of focusing on haphazard repeal  measures, I am confident that we can produce thoughtful, substantive,  bipartisan solutions.   I urge my colleagues to oppose these resolutions. As I have in the  past, I stand ready to work with them to ensure all Americans can save  with dignity for their financially secure retirement.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   