 Mr. Speaker, I want to say, first of all, it is an  honor to follow Mr. Norcross. As Mr. Boyle said, one of the very few in  this body who is an actual member of the building and construction  trades. I didn't intend to talk about this originally, but I just want  to say it is very important that all of us in this Nation give more  respect to the building and construction trades, and all the men and  women in the trades who have built this Nation. These are great jobs  that provide a good living for families, and they are building our  Nation. We need to encourage more young people to go into the building  and construction trades.   I used to teach college. I was a college professor, but I know we  need to make sure that young people today understand what a great life  they can have, what great jobs these are in the trades.   I want to thank Mr. Norcross for the work that he has done helping to  build this Nation and now working here in Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Boyle and Mr. Veasey for their work  on the Blue Collar Caucus. There are a lot of people in this country  who think Washington has forgotten them, many blue-collar men and women  who turned out in the election and I think were motivated in many ways  by that feeling that they have been forgotten. Many of these are the  blue-collar men and women who work so hard every day.   We are here tonight to say we have not forgotten. We understand how  important you are to our Nation and the work that you do, and  especially tonight to talk about how important the work you do building  and repairing our infrastructure is to all of us.   There is a lot of infrastructure we have in this Nation that needs to  be fixed, to be built. Ms. Kaptur talked about many of these different  areas. One of them, of course, is in drinking water and sewers. So much  of it was built right after either the early part of the 20th century  or after World War II, and now it is deteriorating. I hear the stories  all the time from some of my municipalities back home, saying that they  are afraid that the pipes are completely gone, the water right now is  just running through the hole that was left from the pipes. There is so  much infrastructure we need to build.   I want to focus especially tonight on transportation. I sit on the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. President Trump promised  that he would have a $1 trillion bill to fund infrastructure. I think  it is critical that, in these days where we have so many other things  that we are focused on, we don't forget--and we have not forgotten--the  fact that we need to do this infrastructure bill.   Focusing on transportation, we all know we need our transportation  infrastructure to get anywhere we are going. You get up in the morning,  you take your kids to school, you go to work, you are going to the  store, you are going to church on Sunday, anywhere you go, you need the  transportation infrastructure. If it wasn't there, you couldn't get  there.    So we are talking not just about roads and bridges, we are talking  about public transit. Public transit systems in many of our big cities  are crumbling. We know that in Chicago. We know all the problems right  now from that crumbling infrastructure. Something we oftentimes don't  think about is that public transit, how critical it is, how important  it is. So let's remember all of that. Let's remember the sidewalks, the  bike and pedestrian paths, everything that gets people to where they  need to go.   Everybody knows the problems that we face. Everyone knows in their  daily lives what we need to do, how much transportation infrastructure  needs work. Chicago is oftentimes labeled the most congested city in  America. If it is not number one, it is in the top three. We know it,  but people all across the country know it. We need to do this work. If  we do this work, first of all, we are putting people to work  immediately building the roads, bridges, repairing the infrastructure,  the rails.   We also need to talk about the locks and dams on our inland  waterways, things that many of us never see because we just pass over  our waterways on the road, on bridges, and don't even see the vital  waterways that also serve important roles in our country. And the  ports. We need to invest in all of these.   We put people to work immediately. But also what is important,  besides the fact it helps us get around, helps us get to wherever we  are going every day, is it also makes our economy more efficient. It  makes American business more efficient. If we have an efficient  transportation system in our country, American business is more  efficient. And that is why so many of them, including the U.S. Chamber  of Commerce, have been on this for a number of years, that we need to  improve our transportation system so American business can thrive. And  if American business thrives, more Americans get hired by businesses.  Not just building the transportation infrastructure, not just working  on it, but all businesses in America are more efficient, can hire more  people. It makes our economy run.   This is something critical. With everything else that is going on  right now--and we know what that is, and we never know what is coming  day-to-day--all these other things are important that we are talking  about and that we are looking at. But we cannot forget--and the  American people know this--that we need to do our work here and we need  to pass an infrastructure bill, including a big transportation  component to that.   We are going to continue to fight for that. No matter what else is  going on here, no matter what else you hear people talking about, we  are here to say we need to do this. The American people know we need to  do this. It helps all Americans, but especially the blue-collar  Americans, the ones who have been suffering for many years in our  country.   One other thing. President Trump talks about buy American. I am happy  that he came out last month and said the administration is going to  look at how we can improve our buy American law so that when the  Federal Government buys things, they are going to buy American-made  products.   But I have to say, if we want to do something immediately, I have a  bill that I introduced, the Buy American Improvement Act, which closes  a lot of the loopholes that exist right now in our domestic content,  buy American laws. It extends buy American laws, domestic content laws  to Federal spending that it is not applied to right now. For example,  Drinking Water State Revolving Fund for drinking water.   It is important that we use American tax dollars to put Americans to  work. It is great that the administration is looking at what can be  done; but I have to say, this bill, the Buy American Improvement Act,  we can get this done, get this passed, get this into law. When we pass  that infrastructure bill, we will make sure Americans are being put to  work with American taxpayer dollars.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the Blue Collar Caucus and Mr.  Boyle and Mr. Veasey for all the work that they are doing, and the most  important thing is for the American people. The American people need to  know that we are here fighting for them, especially those blue-collar  workers who think they have been forgotten.   You have not been forgotten.   