 Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this  Special Order tonight to talk about this really important subject on  behalf of the American people.   The opioid abuse disorder and drug addiction have impacted every  community in our Nation. The epidemic knows know boundaries; does not  discriminate based on age, gender, or socioeconomic status.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 91  American lives are lost every day from an opioid  [[Page H5224]]  abuse overdose. Unfortunately, drug overdoses in Indiana have increased  fivefold over the past decade, and southern Indiana and the Wabash  Valley, the area I represent, are bearing the brunt of this  devastation.   This year in Vigo County, Indiana, population around 108,000  citizens, authorities have responded to over 16 opioid- or heroin- induced overdoses already this year.   Vanderburgh County, Indiana, 182,000 citizens, saw 29 deaths from  overdose in 2016, which is a fourfold increase from the prior year.  This year, the county has seen 25 confirmed heroin- or fentanyl-related  overdoses already, but the coroner thinks it may be more.   Just this month, we have seen reports of instances of an opioid-based  drug called gray death in Evansville, Indiana.   We are working here in Congress with our States and local communities  to finally bring relief to these families, but a lot of work has to be  done. While we still have much to do, over the past couple of years, we  have actually made significant progress to bring hope to our  communities and expand access to treatment for those who need it.   I was proud to be part of our efforts that we put into law, the  landmark legislation, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or  CARA, and I had the opportunity to author a portion of CARA that  expanded access to medication-assisted opioid use disorder treatment,  ensure patients have wider access to more comprehensive-based treatment  options, and helped minimize the potential for diversion.   As Congressman Murphy mentioned, the key here is ongoing therapy,  counseling, and monitoring. Medication-assisted treatment is not a  panacea, but it is a component of a more comprehensive treatment plan  for each individual.   Through our work in implementing the 21st Century Cures Act, Congress  has provided significant funding for the States. In fact, Indiana  recently was granted nearly $11 million from the Department of Health  and Human Services to help us with this epidemic.   Again, most of us know someone, a family member, a friend, a  neighbor, who has been impacted by this epidemic in some way. As a  physician, I have seen the power of addiction up close and have focused  on shaping real policy solutions here in Washington, D.C., to improve  access to treatment for patients who are battling their problem every  day. We all share in this fight, and we can't end this epidemic through  policy changes alone. It is ongoing, and it is going to take all of us  working together as a community to meet this challenge.   In that respect, I have met with and have been working with people  who represent medical schools and residency programs in our country to  help better educate the physician on prescribing habits as it relates  to pain, whether that is surgical pain or chronic pain. It is a  multifaceted approach, and I commend Congressman Murphy for his  dedication to helping end this crisis in our country, and I thank him  for yielding.   