 Mr. Speaker, you can say that again.   Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to be here with Ranking Member Engel  and Chairman Royce. I want to congratulate both of them on the great  work that they are doing on especially Middle East issues. Over and  over again, they have been on top of the situation and making sure that  America's position and the moral position of the world is declared by  this Congress. Today we have four bills that are in keeping with that  tradition and the great job that they have already been doing.   First of all, let us just note that this human shield legislation,  whatever way Hezbollah acts, it is worth us saying: Look how horrible  it is. Look at the horrible tactics they are using. It is worth us  having a resolution to draw people's attention to it, but let's just be  fair.   What this is today is we are calling for peace in the Middle East. We  are pleading with those people who have degenerated to the point that  they are using innocent people as shields, where their bodies will be  cut apart by shrapnel or by enemy fire. This is how far down those  people who would destroy Israel have gone. So it is just and right for  us today.   Yes, they point out the human shields, but this is part of a bigger  problem. That is, that you have the leadership in the Islamic world, in  that part of the world anyway, in the Middle East. The Islamic leaders  in that part of the world refuse to recognize Israel and its right to  exist. Whether they are using their people as human shields and  innocent people as human shields to accomplish their mission, whether  they are allied with the mullah regime who chants ``death to Israel,''  no; when those people--and whether it is Iran or Hezbollah or their  allies throughout the Middle East--recognize that Israel has a right to  exist, a major step forward would happen.   Instead, they play games about the right of return. So how would  Israel ever be able to accept the fact that their country is going to  be inundated with other people and taken over the minute they make some  kind of an agreement to let them do so?   What we are calling out for today is--yes, we are pointing our  fingers at the immorality of Hezbollah and their association with both  the mullahs and the tyrannical Assad regime in Syria. We point that  out, but what we are really asking for is not just a condemnation. We  are asking for peace. We are asking for these people to take a look at  moral arguments. America is standing for these moral arguments. Please,  we are pleading with you through these condemnations of immoral  activity, we are pleading with you to reach a peace agreement with  Israel and to reach a peace agreement with the other peoples of that  region.   I am very proud to stand with Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel, as all of us  are, in the bipartisan effort to make sure America stands for truth,  justice, and morality.   