 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  time, and I thank him for his continued leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment, which would  remove a provision that prevents the Department of Defense from closing  the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.    The continued use of this facility does not make our country safer  and only serves to undermine our national security.   Well respected military leaders and national security officials have  said that Guantanamo remains a propaganda tool for terrorist groups  that is used to incite violence against Americans.   In 2015, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe,  which is composed of 57 member states, including all NATO allies,  concluded that Guantanamo serves as an obstacle to counterterrorism  cooperation and that the facility should be closed.   In addition, the cost of housing detainees and maintaining the  facility continues to be a financial drain on the Department of  Defense.   According to Human Rights First, Guantanamo costs the U.S.  approximately $445 million per year to operate. The average cost per  detainee at Guantanamo is more than $10 million.   At the same time, the cost per prisoner at the Federal supermax  prison in Colorado, which houses such terrorists as 9/11 conspirator  Zacarias Moussaoui, World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef, and Boston  Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, is $78,000.   Mr. Chairman, this should not be a partisan issue. National security  experts on both sides of the aisle have concluded that keeping  Guantanamo open is harmful to American interests.   Secretaries of State from previous Republican administrations,  including Henry Kissinger, James Baker, and Colin Powell, have all said  that closing Guantanamo would improve America's image around the world.   Former chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey  and Admiral Mike Mullen, have both said that the detention facility  needs to be closed.   Former President George W. Bush has said that the detention facility  has ``become a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for  our allies.''   Senator John McCain, the man whose credibility on the horrors of war  is unimpeachable, has repeatedly said that he favors closing the  detention facility because of the imagine of the United States that it  projects to the rest of the world.   Closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility will strengthen our  national security and show the rest of the world the principle of equal  justice under law is inviolable.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to send an important message about  the values discussed and support the Nadler amendment.   