 Mr. President, tonight the Senate will vote on a tax bill  that will provide large corporations and wealthy individuals with a  massive tax cut. The bill will result in well over $1 trillion in debt  that will be passed on to our children and our grandchildren.   The bill will result in dramatically lower taxes for people who earn  their living off of stocks and investments, for people who inherit  millions of dollars from their parents, and for the CEOs of  multinational companies. By the time the bill is fully implemented, it  will lead to higher taxes and higher healthcare costs for millions of  hard-working Americans who show up each and every day to do their job  and to earn a living.   This bill we are voting on today was written in secret in an entirely  partisan fashion, without input from nearly half of the Senate.   But it didn't have to be this way. If we wanted to give middle-class  families a real tax cut, we could have. Instead, we are voting on a  bill that has benefits for middle-class families that will expire just  to pay for permanent tax cuts given to multinational corporations.   If we wanted to reform the Tax Code, to take away loopholes for  offshoring our jobs, and to help create good-paying jobs here in the  United States, we could have. Instead, we are voting on a bill that  does nothing to target offshoring or job creation.   What will it do? Well, CEOs have told us directly that they are going  to buy back stock, which mostly benefits the wealthiest shareholders  and the CEOs with stock options.   When we know that over a third of the stocks that trade on the market  are held by foreign investors--foreign investors are holding half of  the value of the stock market--it is just impossible to argue that this  bill is focused on Michigan families.   If we wanted to make the Tax Code simpler for small businesses, we  could have. Instead, we are voting on a bill that includes some of the  most complicated provisions you could possibly imagine for a small  business owner.   If we really wanted to tackle our fiscal challenges in a responsible  way, we could have. Instead, we are voting on the most fiscally  irresponsible bill that I have ever voted on, adding $1.5 trillion to  the debt that our children and grandchildren will be responsible for,  all while doing next to nothing for middle-class families.   This is not the way we are supposed to make policy in this country.  The bill that is on the floor tonight is here without any hearings. We  didn't hear from a single expert on the specifics of the bill--not a  single economist, not a single small business owner, not a single  middle-class family. It is simply wrong.   I urge my colleagues to vote no and to defeat this bill.   I yield the floor.   