 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted  to enter into a colloquy with the Senator from Delaware.    Mr. President, I am here to discuss, along with the  Senator from Delaware, the issue of Russia. I know it has been at the  forefront of much of the debate that is ongoing in this country. I  wanted to begin by commending the Vice President and Secretary of  Defense and Secretary of Homeland Security and Secretary of State for  the strong message of support for NATO. That includes the President  last night and their strong support, by the way, for the Transatlantic  Alliance that these individuals outlined during their respective visits  to the Munich Security Conference and meetings with allies in February.   At that Munich Security Conference on February 18, the Russian  Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, said: ``I hope [he means the world]  will choose a democratic world order, a post-West one, in which each  country is defined by its sovereignty.'' I think that based on recent  history, it is clear that when a Russian leader says ``post-West,'' we  should interpret that as a phrase to mean post-America.   So I would ask the Senator with regard to this, what are his views  with regard to Vladimir Putin's desire to establish spheres of  influence in Europe and the Middle East, create divisions with our  allies. How should we view the Russian world view as it compares to the  national interests of the United States?    To answer that question, I would begin by reminding  everyone that when we are talking about Russia, we are not talking  about the Russian people. We are talking about Vladimir Putin and the  cronies who surround him and their goals for the future. We have no  quarrel with the Russian people, who I actually believe would very much  want to have a better relationship with the United States and certainly  live in a world in which their country was more like ours than the way  their government now runs theirs.   The second thing I would point to is, it is important to understand  history. At the end of the Second World War, Nazism had been conquered,  and the Japanese Empire and its designs had also been ended, fascism  defeated. The United States and the world entered this period of a Cold  War, a battle between communism and the free world. The United States  and our allies stood for that freedom. At the fall of the Berlin Wall,  the end of the Soviet bloc, the fall of communism, the world we all  hoped had entered into this new era, where every nation had a different  system--maybe some had a parliamentary system, maybe some had a  republic, such as ours--but in the end, more people than ever would  have access to a government responsive to their needs.   That was the growing trend around the world, up until about 7, 8, 10  years ago. We now see the opposite. We see a rising arc of the  totalitarianism, and within that context is where I believe Vladimir  Putin's world view is constructed. He views the values we stand for,  which some may call Western values, and perhaps that is the right  terminology, but I really believe in universal values: the idea that  people should have a role to play in choosing their leader, that people  should have a freedom to worship as they see fit, that people should be  able to express their opinions and ideas freely without fear of  retribution or punishment by the government.   These are the values I think we have stood for and that our allies  have stood for and that we had hoped Russia would stand for in this new  era, but Vladimir Putin viewed that as a threat. In particular, over  the last number of years, he has decided the best way for him to secure  his place in Russian politics is through an aggressive foreign policy  in which he views it as a zero-sum game.   That is not the way we view it. We actually view the world as a place  where we can help rebuild Japan; we can help rebuild Germany. They are  stronger, and we are stronger. It isn't one or the other.   He does not see it that way. He views the world as a place where in  order for Russia to be greater, America has to be less; in order for  him to be more powerful, we have to be less powerful, and it is a world  in which he has to undermine democratic principles and try to expose  them as fraudulent.   That is why you saw the Russian intelligence services meddle in our  elections in 2016. One of the main designs they had was to create doubt  and instability about our system of government and to not just  discredit it here at home but to discredit it around the world.   I just returned from Europe a week ago. Germany and France, which  both have upcoming elections of their own, are seeing an unprecedented  wave of active measures on the part of Russian intelligence to try to  influence their elections. In the Netherlands, we have seen some of the  same. So this is very concerning.   Our European allies are very concerned about the weaponization of  cyber technology to strategically place information in the public  domain for purposes of undermining candidates, steering elections, and  undermining policymaking.   I want everybody to understand this is not just about elections. The  exact same tools they used in the 2016 Presidential election, they  could use to try to influence the debate in the Senate by attacking  individual Senators or individual viewpoints and using their control  over propaganda to begin to spread that.   I will give you just one example, and that is in May of 2015, the  German intelligence agencies reported an attack on the German  Parliament, on energy companies, on universities. They attribute that  to Russian hackers.   In Montenegro, the Prime Minister has sought membership in NATO, an  action we have supported in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,  which both of us serve on, but Russian intelligence has plotted at a  very aggressive level to disrupt their elections late last year.   Moscow has used TV and Internet outlets like Russia Today, or RT, and  Sputnik to launch propaganda campaigns to galvanize anti-EU extremists  ahead of the Dutch elections. The list goes on and on. There is no  shortage of them.   The point is, we are in the midst of the most aggressive, active  measures ever undertaken by a foreign government to not just meddle in  American policy debates and American elections but in those throughout  the free world, and it is deeply concerning.   I think another matter that I would love to hear the Senator's  opinion on is on the issue of human rights violations because, on top  of being a totalitarian state, what goes hand in hand with  totalitarianism are human rights violations. In fact, totalitarianism  is, in and of itself, a human rights violation; that there can be no  dictatorship, no repressive regime, no totalitarian leader who can  maintain themselves in power without violating the human rights of  their people.   So I would ask the Senator--I would love to have his comment on  whether or not, indeed, Vladimir Putin is a serial human rights  violator and what our policy should be in terms of outlining that to  the world.    That is the central question. The first is what we are  doing now, which is an important part: shining the sunlight on all of  it, making people aware of it. For example, we know in France two of  the leading candidates have views that I think the Kremlin would be  quite pleased with, if that became the foreign policy of France--a  third, not so much. He is a very young candidate running as an  independent. His last name Macron. Suddenly, as he began to surge in  the polls, all these stories started appearing, ridiculous stories  about his personal life, about his marriage, things that are completely  false, completely fabricated. Fortunately, French society and the  French press understands this and has reported it as such.   It is important for us. This is happening and is real, and it is  unprecedented in its scope and in its aggression. So shining a light on  the reality and understanding, as I always tell my colleagues--I said  this last October, that this is not a partisan issue.   I am telling you that--to my Republican colleagues who might be  uncomfortable about discussing Russian interference--this is not about  the outcome of the election; this is about the conduct and what  happened throughout it. And what they did last year, in the fall, in  the Presidential race, they can do against any Member here. If they  don't like what you are saying, if they think you are getting too far  on policy, you could find yourself the target of Russian propaganda in  the hopes of undermining you, perhaps even having you eliminated from  the debate because they understand our political process quite well.   The second is to do no harm. There is this notion out there--and I  think on paper it sounds great, right--why don't we just partner up  with the Russians to defeat ISIS and take on radicalism around the  world.   The problem is this: No. 1, that is what Russia claims they are  already doing. Vladimir Putin claims he is already doing that. So if he  is already doing it, why would we have to partner with him? He is  already doing it. Obviously, the answer is because he hasn't. This has  been about propping up Assad.   Here is the other problem. When you partner up with someone, you have  to take responsibility for everything they do and all the actions they  undertake.   Senator Coons just outlined a moment ago, he said: Well, we talked  about the bombing in Aleppo.   Think about it. If we had partnered with Russia in Syria and they  were bombing Aleppo and they were hitting hospitals and they were  killing civilians and they were our partners, we have to answer for  that as well. We would be roped into that.   The third is to understand their strategic goal is not to defeat  radical elements in the Middle East; their strategic goal is to have  inordinate influence in Syria, with Iran, potentially in other  countries at the expense of the United States.   We have had two Presidents--a Republican and a Democrat--previous to  the current President who thought they could do such a deal with  Vladimir Putin. Both of them fell on their face because they did not  understand what they were dealing with. It is my sincerest hope that  our current President doesn't make the same mistakes.   In addition to that, I know there are a number of legislative  approaches that we have worked on together, as members of both the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Senate Foreign Operations  Appropriations Subcommittee, and I would ask the Senator from Delaware  if he could highlight some of those legislative matters that we have  been talking about: resolutions, laws, and public policy that we have  been advocating.    I thank the Senator for joining me in this endeavor here  today. It is important that we speak out about this.   In a moment, the majority leader will be here with some procedural  matters that will, I guess, take the Senate to a different posture.   Before that happens, I wanted to close by not just thanking him for  being a part of this but by making a couple more points.   The first is, I want you to imagine for a moment, if you are sitting  at the Kremlin and you are watching on satellite television the debate  going on in American politics today, you are probably feeling pretty  good about yourself. You have one group arguing that maybe the  elections weren't legitimate because the Russians interfered. In  essence, there have been news reports about a tension between the  President and the Intelligence Committee. You have these reports every  single day back and forth. You are looking at all this chaos, and you  are saying to yourself: We did a pretty good job. If what we wanted to  do was to divide the American people against each other, have them at  each other's throats, arguing about things, and sowing chaos and  instability into their political process, I think you look at the  developments of the last 6 weeks and 6 months, and if you are in the  Kremlin, you say: Well, our efforts have been pretty successful with  that. I think that is the first thing we need to understand.   The second thing is, this should all be about partisanship. I am a  member of the Senate Intelligence Committee. It is probably known that  we are undertaking an investigation into Russian interference in the  2016 elections. I want everyone to know--I speak for myself and I  believe almost all of my colleagues when I say, on the one hand, I am  not interested in being a part of a witch hunt; on the other hand, I  will not be part of a coverup. We are going to get to the truth. We  want to get to the truth. We want to be able to deliver to this body  and to the American people a document with truth and facts, wherever  they may lead us, because this is above political party. Our system of  government and this extraordinary Republic has been around for over two  centuries. It is unique and it is special, and with all of its  blemishes and flaws, I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world.   I want people to think about that. The next time you wonder and say  to yourself that things are so tough in America and things are going so  poorly, well, with whom would you trade places? I am not saying we  don't have problems, because we do, but I ask, in what country would  you rather be? I promise you that you won't say China if you know  anything about China. I promise you that you won't say Russia if you  know anything about Russia. There is no nation on Earth we would trade  places with, and there is no process of government I would trade for  ours. It is not perfect.   One of the strengths of our system is our ability to stand up here in  places like the Senate and discuss our differences and our problems and  make continuous progress forward even if the pace is slower and more  frustrating than we wish. That is what is at stake in this process and  what is at stake in this debate. That is what none of us can allow to  see erode because of interference by a foreign government, especially  one that is a thug and war criminal in every sense of the word.   So our quarrel is not with the Russian people and it is not with  Russia. I have extraordinary admiration for the Russian people. I have  extraordinary admiration for the sacrifices and contributions they have  made throughout history to our culture and to the world. But,  unfortunately, today their government is run by an individual who has  no respect for his own people and no respect for the freedom and  liberty of others, and it is important for our policymakers on both  sides of the aisle to be clear-eyed and clear-voiced in what we do  moving forward.   I thank the Senator for being with us today and allowing us to engage  in this discussion. I hope we will see more of that in the weeks and  months to come so we can speak clearly and firmly in one voice that on  issues involving America and our sovereignty and our system of  government and decisions we must make, we will speak with one voice as  one Nation, as one people, as one country.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   