 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I will address the Senate on the issue of  the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018.    Mr. President, today, our Nation commemorates the 16th  anniversary of the terrorist attacks that took the lives of thousands  of innocent Americans. We all join in solemn remembrance of the  victims, and our hearts go out to their families.   September 11 is a fitting day for the Senate to begin the  consideration of the Defense authorization bill. The anniversary of  those horrific terrorist attacks should serve as a reminder of the  reason brave, young Americans are currently deployed around the world,  fighting on behalf of freedom. I urge my colleagues to keep in mind the  meaning of this day throughout the consideration of this important  legislation, which will provide our men and women in uniform the  resources, equipment, and support they need to keep our Nation safe.   I would like to extend my appreciation to the majority leader for his  willingness to move expeditiously to the National Defense Authorization  Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and for his leadership.   I would also like to thank the Armed Services Committee ranking  member, the Senator from Rhode Island, for his hard work on the NDAA. I  remain appreciative of the thoughtfulness and bipartisan spirit with  which he approaches national security issues.   The fact is, the NDAA is a piece of legislation in which this body-- Members on both sides of the aisle--can and should take enormous pride.  Not only does this legislation provide our men and women in uniform  with the resources they need and deserve, but it is a product of an  open and bipartisan process that represents the best of the U.S.  Senate.   The Senate Armed Services Committee passed the fiscal year 2018 NDAA  unanimously by a vote of 27 to 0. I repeat. The Defense authorization  bill was passed by a unanimous vote of 27 to 0. That means all 14  Republican members and the 13 Democratic members of the committee voted  in favor of this legislation. During the markup, the committee  considered and adopted 277 amendments that were offered by both  Republicans and Democrats.   Now we hope to consider the legislation under an open amendment  process on the floor, which will allow all Senators to have their  voices heard. This process, which is exactly how legislation is  supposed to make its way through the Senate, has become disappointingly  rare. For too long, partisanship and politics have triumphed over  principle and policy. This legislation is an opportunity for us to  reverse that trend and restore regular order in the U.S. Senate.   The need for this legislation is self-apparent to anyone who is  paying attention to today's world. With global terrorist networks,  increasing great power competition with Russia and China, malign  Iranian influence that is spreading across the Middle East, a North  Korean dictator who is racing to acquire missiles that can hit the  United States with nuclear weapons, the threats to our national  security have not been more complex or daunting than at any time in the  past seven decades.   We must also remember that we are a nation at war, with brave young  men and women who are deployed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and around the  world. The NDAA is legislation that will deliver to our Armed Forces  the resources, equipment, and training they need to meet the  increasingly complex challenges of today's world, and it will begin the  process of rebuilding our military after years of devastating defense  cuts.   Let me point out what happens as a result of these mindless defense  cuts, which every military leader has described as devastating to our  ability to defend this Nation. Let me just remind you of the hard  truth. The state of our military is eroding. We saw disturbing evidence  of this reality over the summer as 42 servicemembers tragically  perished in accidents during routine--I emphasize routine--training  operations.   On June 17, seven sailors were killed when the USS Fitzgerald  collided with a containership off the coast of Japan. On July 10, a  Marine KC-130 crashed in Mississippi and killed all 16 troops on board.  On August 21, 10 sailors perished when the USS McCain collided with a  tanker near Singapore. On August 25, an Army Black Hawk helicopter went  missing during a training mission off the coast of Yemen, and one  soldier died. Just last week in Nevada, two Air Force A-10 aircraft  crashed into each other. Thank God the pilots were safely ejected, but  the planes were lost--at a cost of over $100 million. For the two  Pacific Fleet naval collisions, ship repairs are estimated to cost more  than a half a billion dollars. The lives lost in each of these  incidents were priceless.   Over the past 3 years, a total of 185 men and women in uniform have  been killed in noncombat accidents. During the same time, 44  servicemembers were killed in combat. The bottom line is, we are  killing more of our own people in training than our enemies are in  combat, and that did not happen by accident. It is a problem that is  caused by this mindless sequestration and a lack, frankly, of  appreciation by Members of this body and the other one of what the  needs are of the men and women who are serving. It is about time that  we started listening to our  [[Page S5091]]  military leadership who are saying that if we do not change what we are  doing in the next 5 years, our enemies--our adversaries--will catch up  with us.   This legislation authorizes a base defense budget that, together with  the administration's request of $8 billion for other defense  activities, supports a total defense budget of $640 billion in funding  for the Department of Defense and the national security programs of the  Department of Energy. The legislation also authorizes $60 billion for  overseas contingency operations. In total, the NDAA supports a national  defense topline of $700 billion.    This funding is critical to begin addressing the readiness shortfall  and modernization crisis caused by the self-inflicted wounds of the  Budget Control Act, sequestration, and repeated continuing resolutions.  We need look no further than recent headlines, as I mentioned, of fatal  incidents during routine training operations for evidence of the  deteriorated state of our military.   These ship collisions and aviation accidents are taking the lives of  our servicemembers at an alarming rate. In fact, in the last 3 years,  we have killed four times as many of our own soldiers in peacetime  training operations than our enemies have in combat. While there is  plenty of responsibility to go around, we cannot ignore Congress's  role. Years of budget cuts have forced our military to try to do too  much with too little.   Meanwhile, our adversaries are investing heavily in their own  militaries, developing future warfare capabilities intended to erode  our military advantage. Simply put, we cannot wait any longer to  recapitalize our forces and restore our capabilities.   Another important aspect of the NDAA is that it builds on the reforms  this Congress has passed in recent years. By continuing important  efforts to reorganize the Department of Defense, spur innovation and  defense technology, and improve defense acquisition and business  operations, the NDAA seeks to strengthen accountability and streamline  the process of getting our warfighters what they need to succeed. At  the same time, it prioritizes accountability from the Department and  demands the best use of every taxpayer dollar.   The NDAA will also improve the quality of life for our men and women  in uniform and those who support them. The legislation authorizes a  2.1-percent pay raise for our troops. It improves military family  readiness and supports the civilians and contractors who work together  with our Armed Forces to achieve the mission.   Finally, the NDAA provides necessary assistance for our allies and  partners around the world who are dedicated to advancing the cause of  freedom, deterring the aggression of our adversaries, and defeating the  scourge of terrorism.   These are the reasons why this legislation is more vital than ever.  Congress's most important constitutional responsibility is providing  for the common defense. Consideration of the National Defense  Authorization Act each year is one of the ways that we live up to that  duty.   I guess we are going to have cloture on this bill. We don't need it.  We shouldn't have to have it. We should move immediately to this  legislation. Those who want to impose blockades to moving forward, to  allowing other Members to have their amendments proposed and voted on,  are doing the men and women who are serving our Nation a great  disservice. The world is in more turmoil than it has been in 70 years.  We cannot waste precious time and effort because one Senator has one  amendment and he or she is then willing to block the whole process.  Let's not do that this year. We can get around it. But what it does is  deprive other Members of their ability to debate and have votes on  their issues.   So I hope my colleagues, once we vote for cloture, will agree to move  forward with the bill. We can finish in the next couple of days, and we  can give the American people and the men and women who defend this  Nation a product we can be proud of.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   