 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today to pay respect to a law  enforcement officer in my home State of Arkansas who lost his life in  the line of duty yesterday, Monday, June 12, 2017.   Lieutenant Patrick Weatherford of the Newport Police Department  joined other officers in responding to the call of a vehicle break-in  when he was shot. Sadly, Lieutenant Weatherford passed away later that  evening.   Lieutenant Weatherford served on the Newport police force for 15  years and recently graduated from the FBI Academy. He was also a  graduate of ASU-Newport and the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.   Lieutenant Weatherford was recognized as the 2016 Jackson County  Officer of the Year by Arkansas attorney general Leslie Rutledge.   His colleagues had great respect and admiration for him, and he was  known as an officer who performed his duties with professionalism and  skill.   This is the second Arkansas law enforcement officer we have lost in  2017. Any occasion when someone who is sworn to protect and serve their  community does not return home to the loved ones waiting for them is  incredibly sad and heartbreaking. Arkansans value the men and women who  volunteer to help ensure and enhance public safety knowing the risks  involved.   We are devastated by the loss of another law enforcement officer in  our State, and we thank all of those who sacrifice so much to protect  us.   I want to encourage my colleagues to pass the Honoring Hometown  Heroes Act to allow Governors to order the American flag to fly at  half-staff in recognition of the sacrifice of first responders like  Lieutenant Weatherford who make the ultimate sacrifice.   My thoughts and prayers go out to Lieutenant Weatherford's family and  friends, as well as the community he served, which will no doubt miss  him dearly. I pray they will all find comfort during such a difficult  time as this.   I also stand with all Arkansans in expressing our gratitude for  Lieutenant Weatherford's service and commit to honoring the sacrifice  he and others have made to protect us.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   