 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  4324, the Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act,  introduced by my friend Roger Williams. This bill is critical to  Congress' sustained effort to roll back the most egregious concessions  from the Obama Administration's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran.   Mr. Speaker, I have spoken many times about how the Iran deal  endangers our national security, namely by acquiescing to Iran's  ambition to become a nuclear threshold in less than a decade. As if  this concession--and the woefully inadequate inspections regime  President Obama agreed to--were not troubling enough, the deal came  with dozens of additional sweeteners for Iran that were folded into the  main text of the agreement and an unknown number of side-deals.   These inducements were wrong on principle and they are downright  dangerous in practice. On principle, Iran should not be gently  incentivized to come clean about its nuclear program--it should be  strictly compelled to comply with international norms. In practice,  these numerous U.S. concessions to Iran effectively handed the world's  largest sponsor of terrorism more resources to advance its campaign for  regional hegemony. By providing $115 billion in sanctions relief, a  $1.7 billion ransom payment, and an $8.6 million payment for excess  heavy water that violated the terms of the deal, the Obama  Administration's calamitous deal generated a windfall for the Iranian  regime.   Mr. Speaker, one especially troubling concession was the Obama  Administration's agreement in the text of the deal to sell commercial  passenger aircraft to Iran while at the same time lifting sanctions on  Iran Air, a national carrier notorious for ferrying Iran's military  manpower and materiel around the region. Iran Air was sanctioned by the  United States in July 2011 under Executive Order 13382 for ``for  providing material support and services to the Islamic Revolutionary  Guards Corps and Iran's Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces  Logistics.'' Lest we believe Iran Air has straightened up its act since  2011, the Washington Free Beacon reported in August on images from this  summer showing Iranian militiamen flying Iran Air to join the civil war  in Syria.   Mr. Speaker, it's also clear that Iran has never had a greater  incentive than it does today to double down on its hegemonic schemes as  it expands its footholds in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, and elsewhere  in the region. We have long known of Iran's genocidal intentions toward  our critical and democratic ally, Israel. For years Iran has poured  money and resources into Hizballah and Hamas to develop proxies that  can threaten Israel on its borders. Today, however, Iran is closer than  ever to achieving its own toehold near the Israeli-controlled Golan  Heights from which to menace Israel and terrorize its people.   Why, in this context, would the United States knowingly furnish Iran  with aircraft it needs to move its military assets around the region?  Yet, as we speak, a sale of 80 Boeing aircraft to Iran Air, worth as  much as $16.6 billion, is on track to proceed unless the Administration  wisely intervenes or Congress hits the brakes.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4324 is crucial to applying necessary and thorough  scrutiny to this deal or others like it. This bill will require the  Department of the Treasury to certify that the beneficiaries of any  such deal do not include Iranians known to be involved in transporting  materiel or other resources for designated individuals or groups. Given  Iran Air's sinister past, it is only logical to demand this sort of  certification.   Furthermore, the bill would require the Treasury to certify that any  such transaction does not pose a ``significant money laundering or  terrorism financing risk to the U.S. financial system.'' Again,  considering that Iran remains the world's largest financier of  terrorism and on the Financial Action Task Force's blacklist of  countries that pose a high risk of money laundering, it is only  responsible to establish this sort of standard for major U.S.  transactions with Iranian companies.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to support H.R. 1638, the Iranian  Leadership Asset Transparency Act, introduced by my friend Bruce  Poliquin. This bill requires common sense reporting to Congress on the  terrorism financing and money laundering threat posed by Iran to help  us address it more effectively.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these timely and  critical measures.   