 Thank you, Mr. President. I rise this evening to speak on  the nomination of Congressman Mick Mulvaney to be the Director of the  Office of Management and Budget. I am going to start by talking in a  minute about some of the critical roles that the Office of Management  and Budget plays.   Before I do that, I want to go back for a moment to some of the  comments of my friend who just preceded me on the floor. Going back 8  years ago, I remember that in the last 6 months of 2008, we lost 2.5  million jobs in this country--2.5 million jobs in 6 months. In the  first 6 months of 2009, we lost 2.5 million more new jobs. That is 5  million jobs in 12 months.   Since the beginning of 2010, we have added 16 million jobs in this  country. The unemployment rate in this country jumped as high as 10  percent by the end of 2009, and by the beginning of this year the  unemployment rate was cut in half. During the first fiscal year of this  last administration, the Obama-Biden administration, the deficit, the  budget they inherited for that fiscal year ballooned to $1.4 trillion.  I am an old State treasurer, Congressman, Governor, and now Senator.  That's a lot of money. We have had in terms of GDP probably higher  deficits than that during World War II, but that is a lot of money.   During the last administration, the debt, deficit as we knew it,  dropped by about two-thirds, maybe a little more than two-thirds. Do we  have a balanced budget coming into this year? No. Is it better than  $1.4 trillion? It sure is.  [[Page S1201]]    The unemployment rate was cut by half, the annual deficit has been  cut by two-thirds, and instead of losing 5 million jobs as we did in  2008 and 2009, we added 16 million jobs. Could we do better than that?  We have. Have we ever had a longer running economic expansion in the  history of our country than the last 7 years? I am told we have not.  Can we do better? Yes.   Hopefully, in our spending plans and in the regulatory work that we  do, we will adopt policies that provide the kind of environment that  leads to job creation and job preservation. That is what we do. We  don't create jobs here. As my friend who is presiding knows, we help  create a nurturing environment for job creation. One of the things we  need for that is commonsense regulation.   If you look at the role of the OMB Director, one of those listed on  this chart, No. 2, is regulatory process. The regulatory process is the  way regulations are created in this Congress, and as the Presiding  Officer and others know, it is dictated by legislation called the  Administrative Procedure Act.   If the Presiding Officer were an agency that was considering  promulgating a rule or regulation, the agency would basically say to  the rest of the world: We are thinking of promulgating a regulation on  subject x. It is really a heads-up that they are thinking about doing  this. It doesn't mean they are going to, but they are thinking about  it, so those who might be affected by that regulation, regulation x,  would have a chance to say: Hmm, something might be coming our way, and  we have an interest in it--or we don't. This gives them a chance to go  to the agency and say: We hear you are interested in promulgating a  regulation on this particular subject. Let's talk about it. That is why  the agency gives a heads-up, so that those who might be affected by it  have the opportunity to talk to the agency, come to their elected  officials, and share their opinions.   The agency can accept the comments they get or reject them. The  Members of Congress can accept or reject them. We can actually arrange  for our constituents who might have an interest in a proposed or  possible regulation to arrange for meetings to make sure the agency  that is thinking about promulgating a new rule or different rule or  regulation has an opportunity to meet with those who would be affected  positively or negatively.   The agency, armed with that information--the input they receive from  filing a notice of rulemaking--if they decide to go forward, they will  eventually propose a draft rule. This is not a final rule or  regulation, but a draft. They promulgate that draft regulation under  the Administrative Procedure Act, and those who are interested in or  affected positively or negatively by the draft regulation again have  the opportunity to go back and talk to the folks who promulgated that  rule or regulation, stating what it is they like or don't like,  proposing changes. They look us up--the Representatives, Senators--and  say: Here are our concerns. We think this should be strengthened or  weakened or taken out or added.   There is a period of time--a comment period--for the draft  regulations. Sometimes those who can be affected by the regulations  will come to us and say: We don't think we have enough time to fully  understand what the effects of this draft regulation would be, and we  would like to have more time to comment. Then what we do as elected  officials is reach out to the agency and say: We don't have enough  time. We are hearing from too many of our constituents that there is  not enough time. How about another week or month or some reasonable  period of time? Sometimes we get what we ask for, and sometimes we  don't. Sometimes we get half of what we ask for, but that is the way it  works.   At the end of the day, the agency may decide that they have enough of  a bad response--bad vibrations from those who would be affected, as  opposed to picking up good vibrations--and the agency may pull the reg  entirely and say: We will do this another time but not now. But they  might go ahead and change the drafting to prepare to offer the final  regulation.   When the agency is ready to report out the drafted regulation, that  is not the end of it because that is where OMB comes into play. There  is an agency within OMB called OIRA, which refers to an oversight role  that the OMB plays. Essentially, as we used to say in the Navy, if a  message or something were sent from one level of command to another to  another, we actually say we ``chopped'' it through different levels of  command. My colleague who has better experience in the military, as I  recall, may have had a similar kind of experience. But the draft  regulation that is promulgated has to be chopped through OMB. It has to  be chopped through OMB. They have the final say, and they can kick it  back to the agency or not.   Changes may or may not be made, but eventually the final reg is  published in the Federal Register. There is a period of time that runs,  and eventually if folks really don't like it enough they can basically  file a suit and go to court to try to block the regulation. We see that  happen from time to time. Faced with a suit, the agency might want to  pull it back and make some further modifications. We can join in those  amicus briefs or not. If all else fails, Harry Reid, who used to be the  majority leader, a Democrat, wrote a law a number of years ago, the  Congressional Review Act, which allows the Congress, years from now, to  take another look and see if it is something--it is not that old, it  had regs come out in the last couple of months--and ask: Is this a good  idea or not? And if the majority of the House and Senate, with the  consent of the President, say: No, we don't think this regulation is a  good idea, it can basically be taken off the field and put on the  shelf.    That is the way the process works. Some people don't think that is a  very good process. I think it is pretty good. I hope that if Mick  Mulvaney is confirmed to this job, this regulatory process is one that  will be put to good use.   One of the things Cass Sunstein did, at the direction of President  Obama, was begin a look-back policy, saying we are going to look not  just forward for new regulations, we are going to look back at the old  ones we have and see which ones have maybe outlived their utilization  and should be eliminated or modified. I have stopped counting how much  money has been saved during the look-back process over the last several  years, but it is in the billions of dollars--maybe even in the tens of  billions of dollars by now. I hope the next OMB Director will continue  it.   We have been joined here by my colleague from Michigan. I would just  ask him if he is pressed for time. I will go maybe about another 10  minutes, and then it is all yours.   Another big job of the OMB Director, not surprisingly, is to help the  President prepare in submitting a budget. I want to take just a minute  and maybe use another chart to talk about how we spend our money. As my  colleagues know, the spending is a pie chart kind of like this, and it  is divided into maybe four major areas. One of those is--some people  call it mandatory spending. I call it entitlement spending: Medicare,  Medicaid, Social Security, maybe veterans' benefits. It is spending the  people are entitled to by virtue of being a certain age, being  disabled, maybe having served in our Nation's military, maybe being  disabled in the course of military service, maybe they earned a GI  bill. Those are the kinds of things that are being considered as  entitlements or mandatory spending. As a percentage of the budget, if  we look at the green colors here, it adds up to a little more than half  the budget.   Another maybe 5 to 10 percent of the budget is this sort of beige  color or gray--this area right here. It is about 5 to 10 percent of the  budget. It is debt service, principal interest on our Nation's debt.  Fortunately, our interest rates are low. If they ever go up, ``Katy,  bar the door.'' Then the principal on the debt service will go up a  whole lot. We have been blessed with low interest rates. It will not be  that way forever.   So entitlement spending, a little over 50 percent; debt service,  principal interest on the debt, 5, 10 percent.   The rest is called discretionary spending. It is defense spending so  it is about 40 percent discretionary spending. That is the spending  that is done by our Appropriations Committee, about a dozen  Appropriations subcommittees, including Agriculture,  [[Page S1202]]  Armed Services, Housing, Transportation, you name it.   Over half of the amount of spending that is called discretionary  spending, right here in the blue, more than half of that is defense  spending and less than half of that is called nondefense discretionary  spending.   As it turns out, we could eliminate, I am told, every bit of our  nondefense discretionary spending, and we would still have a budget  deficit. That would be everything from agriculture to the environment,  to transportation, law enforcement, prisons, you name it; the whole kit  and caboodle, everything other than defense. I don't think we want to  get rid of all that. We might want to find more efficient ways to spend  that money. God knows we can find more efficient ways in spending  defense money.   One of the ways we can do that is to take a page from something that  happened today in the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs, and with our governmental affairs hat on, we had the leader of  the Government Accountability Office with us. We also had a couple of  inspectors general, and we had the head of the Census Bureau. They came  to talk with us and present to us something called the GAO--Government  Accountability Office--high-risk list. What is a high-risk list? It is  a list of programs that are in danger of wasting a lot of money. It  could include roughly $400 billion a year in revenues that we are  leaving on the table; owed but not collecting. It could be $300 billion  a year in major weapons systems cost overruns. It could be $110  billion, $115 billion a year on something called improper payments,  moneys that are paid wrongly, mistakenly--not fraud but just mistaken  payments--and it can include a lot of other things. It could be  properties that the Federal Government needs to get rid of, and we have  done good work on that. Senator Portman and I worked on that, as did  Senator Coburn when he was here, and we worked a lot on property  reforms. With the help of Senator Johnson last Congress, I think we  made pretty good progress.   There are a lot of ways we waste money. What we do in the Committee  on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, with our governmental  affairs hat on, is we use the GAO high-risk list as a to-do list to be  able to save money. If you have GAO, in concert with the Office of  Management and Budget, working together with the inspectors general in  every major Federal agency, working with the oversight committees in  the Senate, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and with our  counterpart oversight committee in the House--if we all are working  together, going in the same direction, we can actually figure out how  to save a lot of money in defense spending and nondefense. With all the  overpayments that occur in Medicare and Medicaid--it is almost $100  billion just between those two--we could actually make some real  progress. Our budget deficit is still too large.   Not that many years ago, when Bill Clinton was President, the last 4  years of that administration, we had 4 years of balanced budgets. We  had not had a balanced budget since 1968. Over the last 4 years of the  Clinton administration, we had four balanced budgets in a row.   How did we do it? One, we had a good economy, as you all recall.  There were more jobs created in those 8 years than any 8 years in the  history of the country. I was Governor then, and there were more jobs  created in those 8 years in Delaware than any year in the history of  our State. I like to say I didn't create one of them, but we tried to  create a nurturing environment for job creation and job preservation.  One of those ways--one of the elements that is important--is certainty  and predictability.   It has been mentioned earlier today that the concern that a number of  people have with Congressman Mulvaney as OMB Director is he allegedly  has said government shutdowns are not that concerning. I don't know his  exact words. One of the things we were reminded of today by GAO is,  businesses need predictability, they need certainty, but the other  thing they need--what the Federal Government needs and its employees  need are some predictability and certainty as well. Stop-and-go  government is painful to businesses, but it is especially painful and  wasteful for the Federal Government. Continuing resolutions, government  shutdowns--our Federal employees spend a lot of time just preparing for  shutdowns. That is wasteful, it is demoralizing, and we can't do that.   I think that is--I will stop there. I see the majority leader is  here, and I want to be respectful to him. There are other concerns I  have that I will submit, but I hope my colleagues will keep these  thoughts and these concerns in mind when we consider the nomination of  Mr. Mulvaney to head up OMB.   I would say to my friend the majority leader, I appreciate the time  we had together in your office earlier this week. I would just ask him  to consider one more time, if we had the opportunity for a judge in  Oklahoma to make a decision tomorrow on the access to the emails we  discussed, I think we could all vote with a clear conscience a week  from Monday on the nomination of the Administrator for the EPA. I would  encourage the majority leader to do that.   Thank you very much.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mike  Boettcher of my personal staff have floor privileges through December  31, 2017, and Andrew J. Wishnia and Ann Marie Chaney of my Environment  and Public Works Committee staff have floor privileges for the duration  of this Congress.   