 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in strong opposition to this rule so that it can be amended to  include consideration of H.R. 356, Protecting Our Democracy Act, which  is sponsored by the gentleman from California (Mr. Swalwell) and yours  truly.   Mr. Speaker, we are presently in a struggle for the soul of our  democracy. This legislation would create an independent commission to  examine Russian attacks on our electoral process. I am pleased that all  of my House Democratic colleagues have joined in this bill and that  similar legislation has been introduced in the Senate.    I want to be clear about why we are here today. It is not just about  the past. It is about the future. The CIA, the FBI, and the NSA have  issued a declassified report warning that Russian entities acted under  the orders of Vladimir Putin to execute ``an influence campaign,'' and  they say they did this ``to undermine public faith in the United States  democratic process.'' Again, I say: our democracy is under attack.   Our intelligence agencies explain that Moscow's attacks will not end  with the attacks they launched in 2016. They warn that Moscow ``will  apply lessons learned from its campaign aimed at the U.S. Presidential  election to future influence efforts in the United States and  worldwide. . . . '' Democracy under attack.   These Russian attacks on our electoral process were attacks on our  Constitution, our people, and they are attacks on our great Nation. Our  intelligence agencies are warning that if we do not respond now, the  Russians will attack us again.   Mr. Speaker, we must not take our democracy for granted. We must  guard this democracy. We must guard the fundamental foundation of that  democracy, and that is a vote, and a vote with integrity. We are all  Members of the Congress of the United States of America. We have taken  an oath to protect and defend our Constitution and our great Nation.  That is what this legislation is about. It is not about Donald Trump.  It is not about Hillary Clinton. It is not about Republicans,  Democrats, or independents. It is not even about 2016. It is about our  future, and it is about generations yet unborn. We cannot allow  ourselves to be distracted from our solemn duty and our solemn oath. We  cannot allow foreign attacks on our electoral process to become normal  or inevitable. They are neither.   This legislation attempts to rise above politics. If there was any  moment in our history when we should be rising above politics, it is  this moment.  [[Page H254]]  This commission is intended to be truly bipartisan, to have an equal  number of Democrats and Republicans, to examine how Russia and any  other foreign powers interfered with our elections, including hacking  Federal and State political parties and disseminating fake news stories  intended to warp public opinion.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Most importantly, this bipartisan and independent  commission will make recommendations to try to prevent any foreign  power from interfering in our elections again. I sincerely hope  Republicans, including the President-elect, who, for the first time  ever, will swear his own oath to protect and defend our Constitution,  will join us in supporting this independent commission.   I urge all Members to vote ``no'' on the previous question so this  rule can be amended to require consideration of the Protecting Our  Democracy Act.   