 Mr. President, the Senate has under consideration the  nomination of Rachel Brand to be Associate Attorney General of the  United States, one of the very top positions in the Department of  Justice and in law enforcement. It is a position of consummate trust  and responsibility, requiring full public confidence. I will oppose  this nomination, and I will oppose all nominations for the Department  of Justice until public trust and confidence in the rule of law is  restored and sustained by appointment of an independent special  prosecutor to investigate Russian interference in our last election and  potential links to the Trump campaign and Trump associates.   I opposed Rod Rosenstein's nomination. In fact, I was the only member  of the Judiciary Committee to vote against it and one of six on the  floor to oppose it for exactly the same reason. I stated to him  publicly and privately that the only way to preserve his own  reputation--well established over many years--and the trust and  confidence in the Department of Justice was to appoint an independent  prosecutor. So far, regrettably, he has failed to do so.   That question will be the first of my priorities when the full Senate  meets with him tomorrow. We will demand to  [[Page S2985]]  know from him what the timeline was for the firing of Director Comey,  who said what to whom, why his memorandum was written, and whether he  will now commit, after these most recent startling revelations just  yesterday that the President of the United States suggested--indeed,  explicitly demanded--that Director Comey stop his investigation  involving potential ties of Michael Flynn to Russian interference in  our election.   Chilling facts raised in the last several days now raise serious  questions about obstruction of justice by the President of the United  States. So we consider this nomination at a truly unusual, very likely  unique and unprecedented time in our country.   The revelation last evening that President Trump asked the FBI  Director to shut down the Federal investigation into his then-National  Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, is evidence of severe political  interference and possibly criminal wrongdoing in an ongoing criminal  investigation. The evidence of obstruction continues to mount. We are  witnessing an obstruction of justice case unfolding before our eyes in  real time. Revelation after revelation continues to shake this  country's confidence in our government and in this administration's  competence. The need for an independent special prosecutor has never  been so clear and convincing and so unquestionably necessary.   I call on my Republican colleagues now to rise to this challenge, to  shine in the light of history, and to commit that an independent  special prosecutor will be appointed to uncover the truth and hold  accountable anyone who has committed wrongdoing.   Because so far we have no such special prosecutor, I will oppose this  nomination. But I also have disagreements with Rachel Brand. I respect  her record of public service. I believe she is simply not the right  person to serve as Associate Attorney General because of her  longstanding, apparently deeply held philosophy on the use and proper  application of government power. When the Federal Government engaged in  actions that threaten the privacy rights of innocent Americans, Ms.  Brand has advocated nonaction. I believe the United States must protect  the privacy of her citizens, and that fact is only one among many that  cause me to disagree with her.   The failure to nominate and appoint an independent special prosecutor  will lead me to oppose all of the nominations that are set forth by  this administration, including anyone nominated for the FBI. I think it  should now be clear, if it was not before, that such an independent  prosecutor is necessary.   Parallels have been drawn by Members on both sides of the aisle to  the Watergate scandal. To this day, we don't know whether President  Nixon ordered the Watergate break-ins or simply was a beneficiary of  the crime, just as we don't know now whether Donald Trump colluded with  Russian interference in the 2016 election or simply benefitted from  Russia's criminal aggression. The Watergate scandal gave rise to the  saying that ``the cover-up is worse than the crime.'' In this instance,  what we know is that the Russian interference was aimed at a wholesale  theft of our democracy, far more serious than the Watergate break-in.  What we do know about Nixon--and these facts became the basis for the  first article of impeachment--is that he attempted to indirectly  interfere with an FBI investigation into that break-in. Put very  simply, while Nixon may not have directly threatened to fire the FBI  Director if that Director continued to investigate Nixon associates, he  made clear that his preference as head of the executive branch was that  any such investigation should cease.   ``History doesn't repeat, but it rhymes.'' That is a saying that has  profound truth here. We now have credible reports that President Trump  attempted to do directly what President Nixon sought to do indirectly.  He stopped a lawful, ongoing criminal investigation. Nixon ordered his  staff to work through the CIA to pressure the FBI to drop the Watergate  investigation. President Trump simply summoned Director Comey into the  Oval Office, according to reports that certainly need to be verified,  and ordered everyone else to leave the room, suggesting then that the  Director drop his investigation. He did so just 2 weeks after having  told Director Comey that he might not have a place in the Trump  administration and making clear that Director Comey's loyalty to him  might well determine whether Comey would keep his job. When Director  Comey rejected Trump's suggestion, in effect, he was fired. That is the  line of facts established by this mounting evidence. It is a serious  charge.   We should be cautious. If Director Comey did not write that memo or  if, for some reason, there is a question about the truth, perhaps the  suspicions are unfounded, but there is credible and significant  evidence. Director Comey has established--to both his critics and his  friends--that he is a man of probity and dedication to public service  and to this Nation.   We cannot feel confident about nominations for any of these  positions--whether it be Director of the FBI or Associate Attorney  General--from a President who has demonstrated such contempt for the  rule of law and for law enforcement, which is the job of the Department  of Justice. The White House's timeline and justifications for the  decision to fire Director Comey certainly now, at this moment, fail to  meet the test of credibility.   We know from the President's own words in interviews he conducted  late last week that the FBI investigation into possible collusion  between individuals in the Trump campaign and the Russian Government  was on the President's mind when he decided to fire the FBI Director.  In at least two conversations, the President asked the FBI Director  about this investigation and the related investigation into former  National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.   Late last night the Times revealed the details of one such  conversation. It occurred in the Oval Office the day after Flynn  resigned. The account written by Director Comey, which seems to meet  fully the test of credibility, is absolutely chilling. ``I hope you can  see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,'' Mr. Trump  told Mr. Comey, according to the memo reported in The New York Times.  ``He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.'' When the FBI Director  continued to pursue the investigation, President Trump fired him.    We are witnessing this obstruction of justice in realtime, and these  revelations are shaking our country's faith in the independence of our  Nation's highest ranking law enforcement agency, our rule of law, and  our national security. It is a theft of our democracy--literally, a  threat to our national security--from Russian meddling in the election,  potential Trump ties, and links to that interference in our democracy-- the core, foundational exercise of our democracy being voting--and then  waiting for 2\1/2\ weeks when then-Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates  warned that Michael Flynn was vulnerable to blackmail as National  Security Adviser--blackmail from the Russians. She was fired only days  later.   When the investigation into that Russian meddling and Trump's ties to  it continued, Director Comey was summoned to be told that the  investigation should be shut down, and he was fired when he refused to  do so. Very likely, part of that decision related to the request for  additional resources that Director Comey made to Rosenstein shortly  before he was fired and his refusal to rule out the President as a  target of that investigation when he came before the Judiciary  Committee.   The facts will eventually form a mosaic, and that mosaic may  dramatically show a picture of criminal conduct. That is the process of  investigating and prosecuting criminal wrongdoing. Right now, that  activity requires a fidelity to the rule of law in one's getting all of  the evidence, including transcripts, tapes, memos, and other documents.  They must be subpoenaed immediately so that they are not destroyed or  concealed, so that they are preserved and produced. That must be done  without delay, including there being testimony under oath, in public,  from Comey, Attorney General Sessions, Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein, and Don McGahn, White House Counsel. They should be called  to testify by the Judiciary Committee, under oath, and in public.   I hope that my colleagues will, indeed, rise to this challenge and  shine in the light of history and commit now to  [[Page S2986]]  an independent special prosecutor who can ensure that the truth is  uncovered and that accountability is imposed for any criminal  wrongdoing so that we will prevent any obstruction of justice because  the American people deserve it, they need it, and they demand it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I begin by thanking my colleague and  friend Senator Schatz for his extraordinary leadership in this area  that has brought us to the floor. I am proud to speak against the  Federal Communications Commission Chairman's proposed order that is in  fact slated for a vote at the open commission meeting tomorrow morning.  That vote would undo the open internet order.   What is at stake here is, really, First Amendment rights to free  speech. Those rights are threatened. Net neutrality has never been more  important. Allowing broadband providers to block or discriminate  against certain content providers is a danger to free speech and the  freedom of our press. These principles are fundamental to our  democracy. We should safeguard them by stopping this proposed repeal of  the open internet order.   The internet's astonishing economic success is due to its being open  and the access that it provides as an open platform. Anyone with a good  idea can connect with consumers. Anyone who wants to reach across the  globe to talk to others or to pitch and promote ideas and products  encounters a level playing field, and that ought to be the reality.   On February 25, 2015, the FCC adopted the open internet order to  preserve that open nature of the internet. The order, essentially,  embodies three rules--no blocking, no throttling, no paid  prioritization. Those principles are now at risk. In fact, they are in  grave jeopardy. Those principles guarantee people, within the bounds of  the law, access to different web content regardless of the political  views expressed and regardless of the wealth of a site. They assure  that the internet is open--that it is not a walled garden for wealthy  companies. A lot is at stake here, and consumers and others should  prevail because their interests are, ultimately, what is involved.   Ultimately, the Administrative Procedure Act requires, in my view,  that Chairman Pai prove, through a fact-based docket, that something  has significantly changed in the market since the open internet rule  was established in February of 2015. Without that change in facts, the  decimation of this rule cannot be justified. We cannot allow Chairman  Pai to succeed in this plan to gut neutrality at the behest of moneyed  internet service providers. Chairman Pai's proposal, if it succeeds  tomorrow, will deprive the American people, startups, and businesses of  important bright-line net neutrality rules. For that reason, I will  fight it, and I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   