 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3903. This bill will  expand the ability of companies to test the waters prior to going  public and to submit confidential filings for feedback from the SEC  staff prior to filing of an IPO.   The JOBS Act of 2012 created these mechanisms for emerging growth  companies. Emerging growth companies are those with less than $1  billion in revenue, $700 million in public float, and $1 billion in  nonconvertible debt. The JOBS Act enabled these companies to speak to  institutional investors prior to an IPO without it being considered an  unregistered offering for sale of securities.   The definition of a securities offering is appropriately broad to  protect investors and ensure transparency in our markets by requiring  registration and significant disclosures. However, companies  considering a public offering should be able to talk to the most  sophisticated investors in the markets, large institutional investors,  to gauge the interest in the offering. Having that ability will help  encourage public offerings because it enables companies to realize  efficiencies in assessing demand.   Research-intensive firms are more likely to test the waters because  it lowers the cost of proprietary disclosure. These are the firms that  drive economic growth by bringing new ideas to market.   Research is obviously a passion of mine, having founded a company  that was based on my intellectual property and subsequently designing  particle accelerators as a physicist at Fermi National Lab. It is the  new ideas that grow our GDP and improve the standard of living for all  Americans.   Moreover, new businesses with new ideas do more to grow the economy  than incumbents with new ideas or just acquisitions. The public market  presents an opportunity for small businesses to become big businesses  without being bought out.   Additionally, this bill would allow companies of all sizes to file  confidentially forms with the SEC. This allows the firm to receive  feedback without making inappropriate or unrequired information public.  Disclosing the correct information helps the markets understand risks  and price an offering appropriately.   The bill also includes a provision giving the SEC discretion to  ensure that these mechanisms are used in a way that benefits markets  and investors. The U.S. capital markets are the deepest and most liquid  in the world, and this bill will help more companies tap into that  capital and grow our economy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge broad support for this bill today, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to, first off, reiterate my  support of this bill. It is the sort of commonsense, bipartisan fix  that will make an incremental improvement to our public markets.   However, I would also like to emphasize what I believe is the real  threat to the health of our public markets, which is the concentration  of wealth at the very top. It is no secret that the competition to our  public markets are private equity and venture capital, and these are  investment instruments largely, almost entirely, under the control of  the very wealthy.   We are, this week, going to begin debate on a tax bill that will  decide, to a large extent, whether we accelerate or decelerate the  concentration of wealth at the very top. I just want to emphasize that  connection to make everyone understand that the continued health of our  public markets, which historically have been such an important  contributor to middle class investment in growing businesses. So I want  people to consider that as we debate this bill, which I fully support,  and, as well, the variety of important issues that we debate that  really affect the distribution of wealth in this country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1585. This bill will  expand the definition of accredited investor, a status reserved for  investors who possess the sophistication and financial means necessary  to invest in private securities offerings.   Currently, accredited investors are limited to persons who have an  annual income more than $200,000, or $300,000 together with a spouse,  or a net worth in excess of $1 million, excluding a primary residence.   Aside from the primary residence exclusion added by the Dodd-Frank  Act, the accredited investor definition has not been updated since  1982.   In light of the growth of private markets and increasing complexity,  the SEC's Investor Advisory Committee recommended that the SEC conduct  additional study of adjusting the current thresholds for inflation and  establishing alternatives based on existing credentials, investment  experience, and limits of investments.   An updated definition is long overdue. Current law speaks almost  exclusively to the ability to bear a loss rather than the  sophistication of the investor.   The bill we consider today is the product of bipartisan compromise.  Last Congress, it was significantly narrowed to include only persons  who qualify based on current income and net worth tests: registered  brokers, and investment advisers, and those who have the appropriate  educational background and job experience as determined by the SEC and  verified by FINRA.   These categories are in line with the recommendations of the Investor  Advisory Committee and effective proxies for sophistication, access to  information, and ability to withstand losses.   There is an inherent tension between democratizing markets and  protecting investors on the basis of their ability to bear financial  losses.    This bill includes Ranking Member Waters' bipartisan amendment to  require the SEC to adjust net worth and income thresholds for inflation  every 5 years. This will establish the economic value of the thresholds  in current law, as the dollar amounts are increased, with growth in the  overall economy and changes in the value of the dollar.   Doing so will preserve access to private markets for those currently  investing in them. Private offerings can offer some of the best returns  in the market, but they obviously carry different risks, like  illiquidity, than securities in the public markets.   While there can be investment opportunities that significantly  increase a person's net worth, they cannot be immediately sold if an  investor's financial circumstances change.   So this bill strikes a good compromise between giving access to  investments without exposing the retirement accounts of working  families to excessive risks.  [[Page H8322]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge broad support for the bill today, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to say that I appreciate my  colleague's heartfelt concern for the difficulty of the wealth piling  up in the top of our country.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   