 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the importance  of bipartisan action on healthcare, as the Senator from New Hampshire  just did.   Over the past year, I have traveled all around Minnesota to talk with  individuals and families and community leaders about healthcare. I have  heard from mothers and fathers who have been worried about losing the  healthcare their children need to access lifesaving services. I have  heard from daughters who have been panicked about how to pay for their  parents' long-term care and prescription drug costs. I have heard from  hospital executives in rural areas, much like the rural areas in  Arkansas, who have been concerned about how they are going to keep  their doors open.   What is abundantly clear from all of these conversations is that  Minnesotans want Congress to work together to build on the Affordable  Care Act, lower healthcare costs, and support policies that work. That  is why I believe, first, that Congress must act immediately to  [[Page S7091]]  pass bipartisan legislation to stabilize the individual market. Second,  we must do all we can to support strong enrollment in our health  insurance exchanges so that all consumers, regardless of their health  needs, can find high-quality, affordable health insurance coverage.  Third, it is time to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance  Program. Let me take each of those in turn.   When Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed, the  Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee got to work and  developed a bipartisan plan to stabilize the individual market. As a  member of that committee, I participated in numerous hearings with  witnesses who spanned the ideological spectrum, solicited input from  State and national leaders, and worked in good faith with all of my  colleagues to develop legislation that is truly a compromise bill.   This legislation, referred to as the Alexander-Murray deal, will  contain healthcare costs for consumers, provide certainty to insurers  participating in these markets, and provide States with the flexibility  they need to develop innovative, local solutions. I am proud of what we  were able to accomplish.   What I am most proud of is that this bill includes a provision that  will reverse a decision by the Trump administration that would  effectively punish Minnesota for pushing forward a bipartisan plan to  stabilize the individual market--a bipartisan plan in our State  legislature.   Last year, after our State experienced dramatic premium rate hikes in  the individual markets, State leaders worked together in a bipartisan  way to pass a reinsurance program to contain these costs, but the  program's enactment was contingent upon approval from the Federal  Government.   After months of foot-dragging, the Federal Government finally  approved the State's reinsurance plan as part of the 1332 waiver  proposal, but the Federal Government simultaneously cut Federal funding  for MinnesotaCare, which is another program in the State that provides  affordable health coverage to working families. Thus, our State had to  choose whether to support a bipartisan proposal to stabilize the  individual market and lower premiums for consumers or swallow hundreds  of millions of dollars in lost Federal funding. It was an impossible  choice that was completely unnecessary. That is why I set to work to  fix it.   After weeks of productive negotiations, I am pleased to report that  the Alexander-Murray deal will prevent the Trump administration from  imposing these cuts on Minnesota. But my State wasn't the only one  threatened by potential funding cuts. The Alexander-Murray bill would  prevent such problems from occurring in any other State as well, and it  would do much more.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, this agreement would  reduce the deficit by billions of dollars, lower premiums in 2019, and  preserve coverage options for individuals and families. In short, it is  not only good for Minnesota, it is good for the entire country. This  bill is a bipartisan win-win-win.   Now our job is to pass this legislation into law. At the same time,  we must do everything we can to drive up enrollment in the health  insurance exchanges. Regardless of party, if we want to ensure that  consumers have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance  coverage, we have to get people to sign up for the coverage. More  people equals better risk pools, which equals lower premiums. It is  really that simple.   Look, the Trump administration has done everything in its power to  undermine ObamaCare. It has halved the amount of time that people have  to enroll in coverage, it slashed funding for outreach and enrollment  efforts, and it deliberately misled consumers about the benefits of the  ACA and individual requirements for coverage. But we have the power to  combat these efforts.   Let's get people enrolled. Open enrollment started on November 1 and  will end for most people on December 15. Minnesotans are lucky in that  they have until January 14 to sign up for coverage. But everyone who  doesn't receive coverage from their employer or through Medicare needs  to sign up now, so I urge my colleagues to get their constituents to  visit healthcare.gov and shop around and then enroll in coverage.   Lastly, it is time to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance  Program, community health centers, and the National Health Service  Corps. These have always been bipartisan programs. There is no reason  this should be any different today.   The anxiety that people in Minnesota and across the country feel  about their access to healthcare is not inevitable; it is the result of  political decisions made here in Washington, DC. Let's prove to the  country that we are not here to fight with each other, we are here to  fight for them. Let's show them that we can get something done. Let's  take action to protect healthcare and give our constituents, at long  last, some peace of mind.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Like the Senator from Illinois, I rise to voice my opposition to the  nomination of Bill Wehrum to serve as the Assistant Administrator for  Air and Radiation at the Environmental Protection Agency.   The Office of Air and Radiation oversees matters that are critical to  human and environmental health, specifically, air and radiation but  also climate change, air quality, and vehicle emissions.   If confirmed, Mr. Wehrum would be responsible for these immensely  important issues, which require putting the health of our citizens  above industry interests. Given this, I don't know why the Senate would  confirm him for this position.   Mr. Wehrum has already served in this role in an acting capacity  during the Bush administration. His confirmation was blocked by the  Senate in 2006. His prior tenure shows that he will not fulfill the  mission of the EPA to protect human health and the environment. In  fact, he has a record of putting corporate profits before the well- being of citizens.   During his tenure in the Bush administration, Mr. Wehrum rolled back  clean air safeguards that protect public  [[Page S7106]]  health on 27 occasions. His actions were challenged in court for not  fulfilling the requirements of the Clean Air Act, and 27 times the  court ruled against Mr. Wehrum.   One particular issue that he was involved in was mercury pollution.  Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA has to reduce hazardous air pollutants  like mercury, which is particularly harmful to children. Instead of  protecting this population from mercury pollution, a neurotoxin, Mr.  Wehrum decided to advance the interests of polluters.   During his tenure, Mr. Wehrum also led efforts to prevent EPA from  addressing climate pollution. Fortunately, the Supreme Court eventually  ruled in favor of regulating greenhouse gases, forcing the Agency to  take action.   After the Senate blocked his nomination in 2006, Mr. Wehrum decided  he would undermine the mission of the Agency on behalf of polluters. In  his current role as a corporate attorney, he has sued the EPA multiple  times on behalf of clients in the oil, gas, coal, and chemical  industries to undermine protections that safeguard public health and  the environment. He has used his current position to attack the  renewable fuel standard, which requires biofuels to be blended with  gasoline--something the big oil companies hate because it means serious  competition for dirty oil. So as an attorney for the American Petroleum  Institute--the trade association that represents ExxonMobil, BP, and a  number of other oil and gas giants--Mr. Wehrum sued the EPA at least  four times in an effort to weaken the RFS, the renewable fuel standard.  This is deeply troubling, considering that if he gets this job, he will  be in charge of administering the RFS, which will allow him to  implement his clear agenda. He has done nothing to lead us to believe  he would do anything but side with the giant oil companies.   The facts are clear. The RFS boosts energy security, it creates rural  jobs, and it is better for the environment than oil. You are never  going to see an ethanol spill in the Gulf of Mexico.   Colleagues on both sides of the aisle agree that despite this  bipartisan support, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has reduced advanced  biofuel blending targets for 2018. Now, with Mr. Wehrum's nomination, I  have even less confidence in this administration upholding Congress's  intent on the RFS.   He also has a history of willful ignorance of science. When asked  whether he believes that greenhouse gas emissions from human activities  are the main drivers of climate change, Mr. Wehrum stated that he  believes it is an open question--an answer that runs contrary to the  conclusion of 97 percent of climate scientists and runs counter to the  ``National Climate Assessment'' that was released by this  administration just last week.   Emissions from fossil fuel-fired powerplants are some of the main  contributors to climate change. We know this. At the Office of Air and  Radiation, Mr. Wehrum would oversee the repeal of standards that reduce  greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector, the Clean Power Plan.  He would also be in charge of crafting a weaker replacement, if any.   Let me be clear. A weak standard is an affront to the public health  and safety of future generations.   To overcome the challenge of climate change, we must transform our  economy to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions. If we don't,  Americans and future generations will pay an unacceptable price. But  rather than driving innovation and pushing us to overcome this  challenge, the administration has ordered a retreat. You can see that  retreat everywhere, in a budget that would gut funding for science and  innovation, in an EPA that values industry profits over the welfare of  the public.   The 23rd annual United Nations climate change conference is taking  place right now in Bonn, Germany. Two years ago, 195 nations came  together to sign the Paris climate agreement in a historic display of  the power of collective human will, and they did it because of U.S.  leadership.   Now contrast that to earlier this year, when President Trump ordered  the United States to retreat. He announced that he was pulling us out  of the Paris climate agreement.   Yesterday, Syria announced that it would ratify the agreement. They  were the last remaining nation to not be a part of this agreement. We  now stand alone as the only country in the world choosing not to be  part of the global effort to combat climate change.   Let's be clear. The President has not only ceded leadership, but he  has isolated the United States from the global community. He has put us  in this dangerous situation simply to protect short-term profits of the  fossil fuel industry.   Mr. Wehrum would exacerbate this administration's wrong-headed  approach. He is anti-science, anti-public health, anti-environment.  That is why the Senate blocked his nomination in 2006. The Senate  recognized then that he wasn't fit for the job. He is even less fit  today.   I oppose his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my energy  policy fellow, Shuchi Talati, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of this Congress.   