 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in support of a  bipartisan amendment that I am offering with Congressman Peter King and  Congressman Paul Cook.   Amendment No. 10 under the rule is to division A of the Defense  Appropriations bill. The purpose of the amendment is to match the $34  million in funding for the Navy's Environmental Restoration Account,  authorized unanimously in the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act,  but was not included in the appropriations process.   In my district, for almost four decades, the people of Bethpage and  the surrounding areas have been dealing with an environmental crisis.  Groundwater pollution, stemming from the Navy and defense contractor  activity, has resulted in an underground plume of contaminated water  that is moving south through Long Island's sole source of drinking  water, towards Congressman King's district.   While costly remediation efforts ensure the water is safe to consume,  it doesn't change the fact that residents deserve to have this cleaned  up before it spreads any further.   The contamination, known as the Navy-Grumman Plume, is one of  thousands of sites at hundreds of locations that have experienced  environmental degradation because of defense-related activities.  Congressman Peter King, Congressman Paul Cook, and I have submitted  this bipartisan amendment that will increase funding for the Navy's  Environmental Restoration Account, which helps fund cleanup and  remediation efforts for these sites.   This is not a partisan issue. The funding levels sought by this  amendment received bipartisan support in the NDAA. Chairman  Thornberry's mark and my amendment together, which was joined by  Congressman Cook and Congresswoman Hanabusa, increased the authorized  amount by $42 million.   The amount sought here, $34 million, will match the appropriated  amount with the authorized funding levels. Our colleagues on both sides  of the aisle supported that effort because this funding will help clean  up sites from Maine to Hawaii, from Florida to Washington State, and  were provided for with the appropriate pay-for.   I ask for my colleagues' support for this bipartisan amendment so we  can help fund efforts across the country to help clean up environmental  contamination in our districts. People in my district and regions  across the country deserve to have these sites fully cleaned. It is  commonsense, bipartisan, and the right thing to do. I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out to the  gentlewoman, respectfully, that it will cost billions of dollars to  clean up these sites in the United States of America. The increase that  we are seeking here, in a bipartisan fashion, is $34 million to simply  match the amount of money that was authorized in the NDAA.   In addition, this percentage increase that we are seeking is  commensurate with the overall percentage increase in the overall NDAA  budget this year from last year. So we are just simply seeking the same  commensurate amount increase in this portion of the budget that there  is in another portion.   We are looking to have the pay-for to come from the operations and  maintenance defense-wide account, of which there is over $33 billion.  We are looking for $34 million just to try to advance some of these  cleanups.    I yield to the gentleman from Indiana.    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to close by saying that I  do appreciate the hard work that has been done by so many on both sides  of the aisle in this particular area. We all appreciate how important  the cleanup of these environmental sites are. The people in my district  have been suffering with this for 40 years, and we are trying to bring  attention to the issue and trying to get the resources focused on this.   We have met with people from the Navy, from the Army Corps of  Engineers, from the EPA, from the DEC, and from local State officials  in the State of New York that are interested. Congressman Peter King  and Congressman Paul Cook both understand how important it is that we  try and send the signal that we are trying to have a commensurate  increase in this account with the overall increase in the budget.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   