 Madam President, I wanted to reinforce and underscore  some of the comments made by my colleague from Oklahoma, Senator  Lankford, on what is happening in the Senate right now. It is actually  really important for the American people to understand what is going  on. Maybe we would finally get the press, who sit up there above your  chair, Madam President, to write about this topic.   Right now, we are debating a very well-qualified district court judge  nominee--a Federal district court judge nominee from Oklahoma. Senator  Lankford was down here, and he obviously knows the nominee, Scott Palk.  He is so qualified that the vote for cloture to move forward on this  nominee--who, by the way, was nominated by President Trump for a  Federal district court position but was previously nominated by  President Obama with fairly bipartisan support--was 79 to 18. That is  really strong bipartisan support. It just happened about an hour ago on  the Senate floor.   So what are we doing? Well, we are still going to be debating for 30  hours. We are not really debating the nominee because he is well  qualified. That is what we are doing in the Senate, supposedly. Anyone  watching, you know we are not debating him because he is very well  qualified, but we are still going to burn 30 hours. Why is this? Well,  this raises a much broader issue of the tactics that are happening on  the Senate floor right now. The minority leader and his colleagues will  not come down and explain what they are up to.   I gave a speech on this a couple of weeks ago, and I just asked: Come  on down. Let the American people understand why we are spending all  this time on nominees who are very well qualified and have enormous  bipartisan support. Why are we being required to go an additional 30  hours? Those are the rules, but normally there would be unanimous  consent to move forward. What is happening now hasn't been explained,  but it definitely hurts the American people, whether you are a Democrat  or Republican. What is happening now is, every single nominee from the  Trump administration, whether Federal judge or Assistant Secretary for  Health and Human Services, is being delayed. Here are the numbers.  Eight years ago, President Obama had about 66 percent of his nominees  confirmed at this period in the fall of his first term. People were  working through them. If you didn't like the nominee, you would just  vote against them, but you wouldn't say we are going to burn half the  week of the Senate to debate somebody who is not even controversial.  This judge, when we finally get through the 30 hours, is going to pass  with 80 Senate votes, but we are burning through it anyway. President  Obama, 8 years ago, had 66 percent confirmed. The number for President  Trump 8 years later is 33 percent. Imagine our friends in the media-- the New York Times--if Republicans were doing this to President Obama  during his first few months in office. There would be front-page  stories every day. The Republican Party is trying to undermine the new  President--delaying, delaying, delaying. You don't hear a peep from our  national press. They don't write about it.   It is a problem because we have work to do in this country. I have  asked the minority leader to just come down and tell the American  people why you are doing this. We have had numerous judges, very  noncontroversial, very bipartisan, where we essentially spent the whole  week ``debating'' them. We are not debating this judge, but we are  going to spend 30 hours on him.   Why are they doing that? And why are my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle agreeing to it? I asked them to come on down and explain  it to the American people, the people watching on TV or in the Gallery.  Why are you doing this? Does it help the country? Whether you are a  Democrat or Republican, it doesn't help the country. That is the whole  point, but nobody wants to come down and explain their delay tactics.  The press will not write about it because some of them like it, I  think.   Here is the truth. When we are spending all this time all week on  this judge who will get voted on--and he will pass because he is very  well qualified. Senator Lankford laid out his resume. He was previously  nominated by President Obama. We are going to vote for him after this  30-hour period, and he will pass with a strong bipartisan vote. What is  the challenge? What happens to the other issues we need to address in  this country--in this body? We can't get to them, if we wanted to turn  to other issues to start moving them.   My colleague from New Hampshire was just on the floor. She talked  about all the things we have to do. I agree with her 100 percent: tax  reform, healthcare, budget--we never do the budget here anymore-- National Defense Authorization Act, growing the economy, as my friend  from Missouri talked about, infrastructure, immigration, and the  Dreamer issue. We have so much to do, let alone getting Trump  administration officials confirmed and judges confirmed. That is a big  list, but because we are spending 30 hours on a debate, which really  isn't a debate on the judge, and we can't get consent from the other  side to actually work on these other issues, this is what we are doing.  We are just burning time.   The minority leader will not come down and explain it. I don't know  if he can explain it, but that is what we are doing. Again, if the shoe  were on the other foot, the press would be going crazy. Right now, they  just let it happen. My view is, it would be great if one of my  colleagues from the other side of the aisle would come down and say:  Here is why we are wasting all of this time. Just let us know.   As Senator Lankford mentioned, this judge was nominated by the  President in May. Now we are going to spend most of the week  ``debating'' him, when that is not what is going on. It is just a delay  tactic. My view is, we should just say: OK. You want to play ball like  that? We will stay here 24/7 and keep the Senate open 7 days a week.  Let's get to work. Let's stay here until Christmas. See if the minority  leader and his team keep doing that, keep delaying. I think we should  call their bluff.   Right now, the delay tactics--which nobody on the other side wants to  explain--in my view, are not defensible, and they are not helping the  country. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican, you want to seat the  government. You want to get good people working for the American  people. Right now, that is not happening.   I just wish the other side would either explain it or stop doing it.  Let's get to work for this Nation.  [[Page S6789]]    Thank you.   I yield the floor.   