 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The goal of this amendment is simple: given the rising nuclear and  ballistic missile threat from North Korea and Iran, we have a renewed  urgency to do everything we can to make sure that the Missile Defense  Agency goes as fast and as far as possible. This includes cutting  unnecessary bureaucracy.   This amendment would normalize the operational test and evaluation  process for our ballistic missile defense system, simply treating it  like every other major weapons system that we have.   This amendment fixes an outdated bureaucratic requirement which  requires the Secretary of Defense, himself, to guarantee in advance a  system will work before it can even be bought. This is such a high bar,  we don't use it anywhere else.   Under this amendment, we will still have a robust, rigorous testing  program, without the Secretary of Defense needing to get personally  involved. The Director of OT&E, which is the Pentagon's testing office,  would still be required by law to evaluate and approve testing plans,  analyze and evaluate testing results, and publish an annual public  report with this information. Congress and the Secretary of Defense  will still have the power to say no. The difference is MDA won't have  needless obstacles to prevent them from moving forward.   Let's free the Missile Defense Agency and unshackle it so it can  better do its vital job of protecting us from missile attack.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, if there is any evidence that MDA or DOD  does not favor this amendment, I sure haven't seen it, and I would like  to see that produced so I could see that.   At this point, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers), my friend and colleague, the chairman of the Subcommittee on  Strategic Forces.    How much time does each side have?    Mr. Chair, as my colleagues know, just one successful  ballistic missile attack on U.S. territory  [[Page H5814]]  or forward deployed forces or allies would carry an enormous cost of  life and treasure. I am pleased that we are finally making some real  progress in this bill at funding missile defense programs that have  been underfunded for years. General John Hyten, who is in charge of  missile defense, said recently: ``What really worries me the most is  I'm worried that our Nation won't be able to go fast enough to keep up  with our adversaries anymore.'' He argues that we need to empower our  engineers with the authority and responsibility so they can go faster.   We have the greatest minds at the Missile Defense Agency. They are  motivated people that serve our country every day when they come into  work. We just need to let them do their job. But we must not let  outdated, duplicative bureaucratic requirements keep us from defending  ourselves from ballistic missile threats.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, which would free the  Missile Defense Agency to move faster to defend us from future threats.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Tennessee  (Mr. Cooper), my colleague. He is very sincere in what he says.   I believe we have so many checks and balances that we will not be  buying things that don't work. But, we need to unshackle MDA so they  can get their job done faster and better than they can right now.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   