 Mr. President, our economy has been stuck between 1.4-  and 1.9-percent growth over the last 10 years. Compare that to the 10- year cycles before that, over and over again, all the way back to the  Great Depression. Every group in a 10-year block was at 3 percent or  more growth. Literally, we have had half the growth in our economy over  the last 10 years than we have had in any 10-year time period, going  all the way back to the Great Depression. We have to be able to deal  with that.   I hear people over and over again say that regulations are choking  our businesses and are driving up the cost of products for consumers.  Yet our Tax Code is full of loopholes, and it is full of confusion. It  is complicated. When I go through to fill out my individual taxes, it  seems as though there are deductions for everybody else but for me, and  people want to get that fixed. Quite frankly, no one likes paying  taxes, and everyone wants to make sure that whatever taxes they pay are  spent efficiently and are the lowest possible. I cannot tell them that  right now because the spending is not on track and is not efficient. I  also cannot tell them that they are as low as possible. We need to fix  that.   The tax reform that we are discussing in the Senate right now deals  with some very basic things. It begins with more take-home pay for  individuals. You can either be paid more by an employer or you can be  taxed less by the government. Either one of those increases the take- home pay. This solves the ``tax less'' by the government so that  individuals can have more take-home pay--around $100 a month. That is  serious money for most Oklahomans to have going back to their families.   The way that happens is by starting with the standard deduction that  doubles, which is $24,000. To say it flat, if you make between zero and  $24,000 as a family, you wouldn't have any tax at all on that first  $24,000. That is a great help. Your tax does not even begin at all  until after $24,000. You would be in that zero percent bracket.   We double the Child Tax Credit. For families who are raising kids, it  is exceptionally helpful for them to have a larger tax credit.   Then we take out the individual mandate in ObamaCare.   We have already had folks who have asked: What does ObamaCare have to  do with tax policy?   Let me tell you, very simply, that the individual mandate is a tax.  That is what the Supreme Court labeled it as, and that is what  individuals understand it to be. If you don't buy the type of insurance  of which Washington, DC, approves--and you may sign up for different  insurance--you will get an additional tax penalty on your taxes.   Who pays for that?   In Oklahoma, 81 percent of the people who pay the individual mandate  tax penalty make $50,000 or less a year. It is a tax aimed directly at  the middle class.   I think that this is unfair. We want to remove that tax penalty from  the middle class and say that they do not have that penalty and that  they are allowed to buy insurance they can actually afford.   What does this mean for jobs?   If small businesses have a better Tax Code and their passthroughs,  then they are able to hire additional people. That means more jobs.   Based on where our economy is right now, the unemployment rate has  continued to drop over the last several years. At the spot it is right  now, that means that there is more competition; there is more hiring;  and more people have to compete for those jobs. That means that  employers have to pay a little bit more money to get the people to be  able to do it. That raises wages for people all around the country and  means additional people who are not working will actually get back to  work. With more people working and actually paying taxes, it pays for  itself.   Getting a growing economy going is essential to us. The way you do  that is you take care of the Tax Code for small businesses, and you  take care of the Tax Code for corporate businesses.   I have had folks who have asked me: If you drop the corporate rate  from 35 percent to 20 percent, what does that really do?   Again, it allows those big companies, as well as the small companies,  to hire more people, to engage in more investment, to build more  factories, and to buy more machinery. That is what it allows them to be  able to do to grow their businesses. Yet, on the international stage  right now, our Tax Code is 35 percent. Compare that to those in other  countries that are somewhere around 22, 23, 24 percent. Some of them  are less than that.   Let me make this simple. If you are going online to buy a shirt and  if you can see that shirt for $20 on one website or $35 on another  website, where do you buy the shirt? It will probably be from the one  that is selling it for $20. If you are starting a business or founding  a business, and you can go to one spot where the tax rate is 20 percent  or to another spot where it is 35 percent, guess where you will found  the business. It will be where it is lower.   We are the higher rate right now. If we don't fix that, businesses  are going to continue to move overseas. We can make fun of them in the  news. We can yell at them and tell them that they are un-American, but  they are going to continue to move where they pay less, exactly as  every American does with his online shopping. That is fixable.   In the middle of all of this, we have to deal with the debt and  deficit. We cannot ignore that reality. The things that I am still  going through in the proposal that we are working through right now are  the things that are unrealistic in the proposal because, at the end of  the day, we have to get the economy growing again, but we have to deal  with half a trillion dollars in overspending from this government right  now. We can do both. We have to be able to do both.   I am encouraging this body to take seriously a proposal to be able to  deal with how we get our economy going again. Let's figure out how to  get it done, and then let's actually solve this for the American  people.   I yield to the Senator from South Dakota.   