 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the  Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017. I thank Chairman Goodlatte for  the opportunity to again lead on this issue and for the inclusion of  two of my bills--the Separation of Powers Restoration Act and the ALERT  Act--in this incredibly important regulatory reform package.   Because you see, Mr. Chairman, the realities of President Obama's  failed liberal progressive experiment are all too real for the three- quarters of a million Texans that I represent, realities like higher  prices for families in Sulphur Springs trying to make ends meet, fewer  jobs for those seeking work in Texarkana, and small businesses in  Sherman and Rockwall forced to close their doors. Mr. Chairman, these  are just a few of the countless devastating symptoms of overregulation  that citizens across our great country have been forced to endure under  President Obama.   The President gives a good speech, and he did so again in his  farewell address last night. But the President read us a fictional tale  last night. The inescapable truth is that for 8 long years, the  constant stream of regulations being pumped out by the Obama  administration has taken a terrible toll on families, on businesses,  and on our economy. It has made our Nation less prosperous and leaves  folks worse off than they were before.   The urgency to reverse this unsustainable regulatory quagmire  couldn't have been made more clear than in November, when the American  people rose up and voted for a new President who vowed not to subject  us to more of the same. That is where my  [[Page H331]]  bill and all of the bills in the Regulatory Accountability Act come  into play.   When you look back at the last 8 years, many people wonder how the  Obama administration was allowed to grow at such an alarming rate. Now,  while there are a lot of troubling factors that go into that equation,  the result of an infamous 1984 Supreme Court decision, the Chevron  doctrine, is certainly recognized as one of the key culprits. For three  decades now, this doctrine has required courts to defer to agency  interpretations of congressional intent.   Said in more plain terms, Mr. Chairman, this means that when  individuals challenge Federal regulators in court, the deck is stacked  in favor of the regulators, the very same regulators who have written  the regulations in the first place. Letting regulators grade their own  papers, if that doesn't reinforce the need to drain the swamp, then I  don't know what does.   My legislation, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, will fix  this perversion of our Constitution by ensuring that Congress, not  executive branch agencies, write our laws and that courts, not agency  bureaucrats, interpret our laws.   Mr. Chairman, title V of this bill is my ALERT Act legislation, and  it provides another critical remedy to the current regulatory process  by fixing the lack of transparency that is both unfair and harmful to  individuals and small businesses across the country.   Right now, the current law requires the administration to release an  update twice a year on the regulations that are being developed by  Federal agencies--the problem is that the regulators are ignoring the  law--as these updates have either been very late or never issued at all  under President Obama's watch.   Up to this point, there hasn't been a way to reinforce and enforce  these requirements. So the ALERT Act tackles this problem by forcing  the executive branch to make the American people aware of regulations  that are coming down the track; and it prohibits any regulations from  going into effect unless and until detailed information on the cost of  the regulation, its impact on jobs, and the legal basis for the  regulation have been available to the public on the Internet for at  least 6 months.   Mr. Chairman, the way our government has been allowed to function  under this administration isn't how our forefathers intended our  government to work. Today's legislation takes a giant step forward in  fixing how Washington works. I have already spoken to President-elect  Trump about partnering together to make this the law of the land and to  give the American people back the government that our Founders  intended, a government that works for them, not the other way around.   Mr. Chairman, we owe them nothing less.   