 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce for moving this  through our committee, and I am glad that we are getting a lot of  support for this resolution on the House floor today.   President Trump, when he spoke at the U.N. in September, said that  ``the problem with Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly  implemented, but that it has been faithfully implemented.'' I think the  results speak for themselves. You have a country that is in chaos, that  is a basket case, and you have an autocrat doing whatever he can to  cling to power.   Think about what is going on in Venezuela:   You have the country with perhaps the largest oil reserves in the  world, and yet they have massive fuel shortages;   You have hyperinflation that is over 2,000 percent;   Diseases that we thought had been eradicated, like malaria, are now  coming back;   There are massive food shortages such that wide swaths of the  population are losing 10 or 15 pounds a year;   And, of course, the Government of Venezuela is very likely to have to  default on their debt.   Maduro and his socialist junta are dominating the country. They are  oppressing a great many, many people. And, of course, he is aided in  this effort by his patron and adviser, Raul Castro, and the Cuban  dictatorship. We cannot forget their role in this because they are  really central to a lot of what is going on there.   We have been speaking about some of the things Cuba did to our  diplomats. That has not been fully resolved to my satisfaction.   So Cuba's role in this is really nefarious. You really have the worst  elements of Latin America on display in Venezuela.   I think what this resolution does is it says that this Congress  stands foursquare behind the people of Venezuela and their rights and  their desires to live in a successful, free, and democratic country;  and we do call on the President to continue some of the actions he has  taken, some aggressive actions in sanctioning key individuals. We want  the Trump administration to clearly be on the side of the people of  Venezuela and to make clear that Maduro's failed socialist regime  simply cannot continue in this way.   So, please, pass the resolution. What we have done today is just one  step,  [[Page H9662]]  but I hope the U.S. can do more to aid the people of Venezuela. They  are fighting against some tall odds and a lot of power coming down on  them, but we have got to do something.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support this resolution.   