 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is an important day on our promise  to deliver tax relief for America's working families and our  businesses, to create more jobs and grow our economy faster. The House  Ways and Means Committee is about to unveil their first draft of a tax  cut bill. That is a good step forward after we both passed our budgets  a couple of weeks ago.   As we move forward through this process, it is important that we all  recognize that tax cuts are a way to let the American people and our  businesses keep more of their money, not the government's money but  their money. We also have to be mindful of the impact it has on our  staggering national debt of over $20 trillion and rising deficits. We  can expect the economy to grow at a much healthier rate than it has in  recent years if we pass a good tax bill. But we also need to look for  other ways to offset the costs of those tax cuts to a degree.   There have been a lot of discussions during the year about what I  would consider unwise and painful changes to our tax law. Eliminating  deductions, credits, exclusions, exemptions--they are popular and  widespread. Some people call that the spinach, in addition to the ice  cream of tax cuts.   However, I have what I would call maybe a creative idea, a novel  idea--one that I think is gaining momentum in the Senate and in the  House. We can repeal the individual mandate of ObamaCare and save $300  to $400 billion for the Federal Government and therefore deliver more  tax relief to our families and our workers and our businesses. That is  not my math. That is the math of the Congressional Budget Office. They  have said repeatedly that eliminating the individual mandate of  ObamaCare would save $300 to $400 billion. That is a lot of tax cuts.   The individual mandate has also been the most unpopular part of  ObamaCare. More than two-thirds of Americans want to see it repealed.  The House has voted repeatedly to repeal it. The Senate has voted to  repeal it. Even some Democrats have said that they want to repeal the  individual mandate as well. It is the first time in our country's  history, after all, that the Federal Government has said: You must buy  the product of a private company for the mere privilege of being an  American citizen.   We also know that the individual mandate simply has not worked. It  was designed to hold down premiums on the ObamaCare exchanges. That has  not been the case. Despite the individual mandate being in place now  for 4 years, we continue to see premiums spiral out of control. So I  think it is a pretty reasonable proposal to repeal the most hated part  of ObamaCare to help pay for tax cuts the American people want rather  than trying to eliminate popular and widely used deductions, credits,  exemptions, and exclusions.   Moreover, it allows us to make more of the tax cut bill permanent  because the $300 to $400 billion savings over a 10-year period is just  a 10-year period, but it will continue to save money after those 10  years. With the crazy way we do our budgeting around here, that allows  us to make more of those tax cuts permanent so that our families and  our businesses can have greater predictability to save and invest and  grow our economy.   It is also a kind of tax cut for working-class Americans in its own  right. According to IRS data, more than five out of six households that  paid the mandate fine last year made less than the median income. They  were in the bottom half of income earners.   So what are we doing? We are imposing a fine on the working class and  working poor because they can't afford the insurance that ObamaCare  made unaffordable in the first place. That is crazy.   We can do this in a way that makes it easier to pass a tax bill. I  know some of my colleagues around here, especially some of my  Republican colleagues, say: Oh, no. We can't go back to healthcare. It  is going to make the tax bill a little harder to pass. That is  nonsense. It makes the tax bill easier to pass--easier to pass because  it helps make the fiscal picture balance, and it helps deliver more tax  cuts to our families and our businesses back home.   Some of my Democratic colleagues, drawing on that same estimate from  the Congressional Budget Office, will say: You are going to take  healthcare away from 15 million people. That is nonsense. This bill  doesn't cut a single dime out of ObamaCare, not even one penny, not one  penny taken out of Medicaid, not one penny taken out of the subsidies  from the exchanges, not a single regulation change. It simply says that  the IRS will not fine you if you cannot afford the insurance that  ObamaCare made unaffordable.   The $300 to $400 billion--even in Washington, that is a lot of money,  and that is money that is better left in the pockets of America's  workers and families and on the financial statements of businesses that  are looking to expand their operations, increase their wages, and hire  more workers.   No, this hasn't been part of the tax debate for a long time. This  Chamber considered repealing the mandate as part of our healthcare  debate, but the Obama administration called the individual mandate a  tax.   In 2012, the Supreme Court upheld its constitutionality saying that  it was a tax. The IRS collects it. You pay it on your 1040. That is  about the ``taxiest'' provision I can think of.   Let's make a commonsense decision, even if it is a little late in the  game. Repeal the individual mandate. Pay for more tax cuts for families  and businesses. Make a tax bill easier to pass. Deliver on the promise  that we made to the American people to repeal the most unpopular part  of ObamaCare and have a very big victory for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   