 Mr. Speaker, this bill is a bad policy built on horrible  process. Twenty-four million Americans will lose their coverage if this  bill becomes law. Premiums and out-of-pocket expenses will skyrocket,  especially for older Americans because of the age tax, as hardworking  Americans are forced to subsidize tax cuts for the wealthy.   It is no wonder this bill was crafted in the dead of night behind  closed doors. It is so bad, even Members of the Republican Party are  rejecting this bill, but President Trump and Republican leadership  insisted they need to repeal ObamaCare at any cost, even if the price  will be making health care out of reach for veterans, for seniors, and  many of the hardest-working Americans.   So the majority made it worse, and then they made it worse again. Now  they have taken away the bare minimum requirements for insurance like  covering emergency room visits or prescription drugs. It will crush any  protections for preexisting conditions.  [[Page H2432]]  There is no guarantee the treatment you need for your condition will  even be covered under this bill. Image that: healthcare coverage that  doesn't cover your health. Insurance that insures absolutely no peace  of mind for what life may bring you.   This body blow to critical health protections was done just to win  votes, like so many of the other provisions and political favors, like  the Empire State kickback, the Buffalo bribe, and the Syracuse sellout.  I call it simply a political ploy.   That provision, which will cut $2 billion from only New York State,  has been blasted by newspapers from The Buffalo News to Newsday on Long  Island. They have called it a train wreck. They have called it bloody  money. Like everything else in this bill, it represents the worst kind  of backroom, shady maneuvering.   This bill is bad for New York, bad for the democratic system, and bad  for America. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle should be  ashamed of themselves. I know many of you are. But this bill is  appalling, and I urge everyone in this Chamber to vote it down. And,  Mr. Chairman, I know that 2.7 million New Yorkers will lose their  health care if this bill becomes law.   