 Mr. President, in December of 2015, President Obama  signed the Every Student Succeeds Act after it passed this body with  overwhelming bipartisan support--85 of 100 Senators supported the bill.  The Wall Street Journal called the Every Student Succeeds Act ``the  largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter- century.'' It also had the support of Governors, State legislators,  chief State school officers, school district superintendents, local  school boards, principals, and teachers unions, who all agreed on the  need to replace No Child Left Behind.   The core of the education reform in the Every Student Succeeds Act  was to restore local control to the States--not just control for them  but that they would have the responsibility and the authority for  things such as school accountability, teacher evaluation, student  evaluation. It is very clear. In fact, the Every Student Succeeds Act  says things very specifically. States are solely responsible for  choosing which standards to adopt. The Secretary cannot mandate,  direct, or control State standards. The Secretary of Education cannot  require, coerce, or incentivize States to adopt common core State  standards. States are responsible for choosing which assessments to  adopt. The Secretary of Education cannot mandate, direct, or control  State assessments for education. States design their own system for  holding schools accountable and decide which schools to identify for  school intervention and support. The Secretary cannot add new  requirements or criteria on State accountability systems that are not  in the law. States and local school districts decide what strategies  they will implement to help fix identified schools without Federal  interference. The Secretary of Education cannot prescribe how States  and local school districts improve those schools.   Congress passed that clear education law to take power out of  Washington, DC, and from the Department of Education and the Secretary  of Education and hand it back to the States.   Five months after the bill was signed, the Obama administration  changed their mind and released regulations to take back school  decisionmaking and accountability, in direct violation of the law.   Eighty-five of one hundred of us agreed that our passion is for every  school district, every parent, every State to take care of every child;  that no child would be left behind by switching to local control rather  than Federal centralized control. But when this new rule was put out by  the Obama administration, they reinterpreted that clear law. Let me  tell you what they said in the rule.   In the rule, they dictate to States the consequences for schools that  don't annually test at least 95 percent of their students.   They prescribe to the States and school districts how they would  intervene and improve schools that don't exit from this identification  process of being an underperforming school.   They limit how States may measure school quality or student success  based on 4-year graduation rates.   They define how much weight States must afford to non-test-based  indicators in their accountability systems.   This regulation prescribes the long-term goals and measurements of  progress that States would use for their student subgroups.   This new regulation prescribes when schools may exit from  comprehensive support based on improvement.   This new regulation mandates that States comply with specific  Washington, DC, created requirements instead of letting the school  districts or the States determine how best to proceed on those  requirements.   This new regulation limits how States award school improvement  funding to school districts and schools.   This new regulation adds a new and burdensome reporting requirement  every 4 years on States and local school districts that will drive up  compliance costs and will divert resources away from students in the  classrooms, in direct violation of what we passed.   This new regulation requires States to establish a statewide  definition for ``infective teacher,'' requiring a statewide system of  evaluation controlled by DC.   This new regulation limits how students are scored when they have  exited from special education.   This new regulation controls how the school report cards are created  and how long they are.   This is what we were exiting from with No Child Left Behind. We said  in that vote for Every Student Succeeds that Washington, DC, should not  do this. This rule directly violated the spirit and the letter of the  law and will put the new Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, in charge  of school evaluation, teacher evaluation, and student success. That is  not her role or the intent of this law when we passed it, regardless of  who is the Secretary of Education. Our intent was to provide maximum  flexibility for the States and the parents. The rule is central control  from Washington, DC.   It is essential that we stop this rule right now. While some of my  colleagues have said: Let's just wait, and we will do regulations, and  we will unwind some of this--they are basically admitting that the  Trump administration will fix the Obama administration overreach. I  understand that statement. I think there will be some unwinding of  regulations, but here is why it must be done right now--two reasons.  One is, when we do this right now with a Congressional Review Act, we  settle this forever, that no administration ever, as long as this law  is in place, can repromulgate a rule and turn right back around and say  Washington, DC, is going to control teacher evaluation, student success  evaluation, and school evaluation. This ends that forever.   The second thing is, right now schools in Oklahoma have already  diverted resources in their administration, and they are filling out  forms that are due to Washington, DC, in April to fulfill this new  requirement that was put down by the administration. If we don't end  this now, the districts in Oklahoma and in all of the States  represented by this great Senate--their administrators will be working  on forms for Washington, DC, rather than educating children at home.  Let's get those folks back in the classroom, working on things that  matter, not some form that no one in Washington, DC, will read anyway.  Why don't we allow our schools to focus on educating kids instead of  filling out forms for the Secretary of Education? That is the reason we  passed the Every Student Succeeds Act.   I encourage this body to support H.J. Res. 57 when it comes up. This  will fix this overreach and will put a permanent marker down to say we  meant it when Congress said to the administration: Do not control local  education. Let the States and the parents do it.   With that, I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   