 Madam President, I am here to respond to the  nomination of Steven Bradbury for a senior legal position in the U.S.  Department of Transportation. I have had some experience with Mr.  Bradbury, and in my experience, he is disqualified from serving in a  legal government position of trust, such as he has been nominated for.   The Bush administration pursued a policy of detainee mistreatment  that since has been acknowledged to include torture of detainees. The  process that got the United States of America into a place where it was  torturing detainees was a legal process that was full of mistakes and  failures by the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice-- by Mr. Bybee, by Mr. Yoo, and, following them, by Mr. Bradbury.   Let's start with just a word on the Office of Legal Counsel. Within  the Department of Justice, the Office of Legal Counsel is seen as being  the best of the best. The Department of Justice prides itself on  attracting, training, and perfecting the skills of the best lawyers in  America.   As a U.S. Attorney, I had the privilege of serving with a lot of  absolutely spectacularly skilled lawyers and trial advocates just in  the small Rhode Island U.S. attorney's office and working with others  from the Department of Justice, and I have a very, very high opinion of  Department of Justice lawyers and Department of Justice lawyering. But  even within the expectation that the Department of Justice lawyering  will be first rate, the Office of Legal Counsel is supposed to be a cut  above. These are people who go into that office with the possibility  that they will become U.S. Supreme Court Justices. These are people who  come out of clerkships on the U.S. Supreme Court--one of the highest  academic achievements a law student can have--and end up joining the  Office of Legal Counsel. The Office of Legal Counsel ought to be held  to a very high standard.   What happened when the Office of Legal Counsel was asked to take a  look at the CIA torture program in the Bush administration was that it  fell down or rolled over in virtually every respect. The factual  investigation into what the CIA was actually doing was weak and  ineffectual. The legal investigation into the past, into precedents,  was--as I said in previous speeches at the time--fire-the-associate  quality legal work. It is particularly bad coming from the Office of  Legal Counsel because the Office of Legal Counsel is supposed to be the  best of the best.   It is hard to say that these guys failed having tried their best.  They just weren't smart enough to figure it out. They just weren't  working hard enough. They just didn't know enough about legal research  or scholarship. So, you know, nice try but you blew it, but no harm in  it because we don't expect much of you to begin with.   That is certainly not the case with OLC. The array of memos that the  OLC wrote--the Bybee, Yoo, and Bradbury memos--were calamitous failures  of historical and legal research. For one thing, they failed to  recognize and report that there had been prosecutions of Japanese  military officers after World War II for torturing American soldiers.  One of the techniques of torture for which those Japanese soldiers were  prosecuted and convicted as torturers, as war criminals, was the use of  the waterboard. You may be able to say that there were some different  justifications. You may be able to say that there were some different  circumstances, but to not even mention that, to not even do the  research to find out that had taken place is a pretty bad legal  failing.   One of the reasons was that they kept it so close hold that they  didn't let military lawyers know what they were doing. One could argue  that there is consciousness of guilt there, that they didn't want  other lawyers to know what they were doing because they knew that what  they were doing was shoddy legal work and they didn't want to be caught  out in it. In fact, ultimately, a lot of those opinions were withdrawn.    The fact of the matter is that it was a failure to properly inform  the President of the United States about this history of our country  actually prosecuting Japanese soldiers for the type of conduct that the  Department of Justice was approving that the CIA engage in. It wasn't  just prosecutions of Japanese soldiers by American military tribunals.  There were also prosecutions of American soldiers in the Philippines by  courts-marshal for torture. Guess what. The conduct involved was  waterboarding.   Again, perhaps you can say that there were some differences, that  there were some distinctions, but the fact is, in memo after memo-- including the wrapup memo that Bradbury wrote--that was not discussed.  It was not disclosed, and it was not discussed.   You may say: Well, you know, it is asking an awful lot of the Office  of Legal Counsel to go and look at history, to go and look at the  practice of our military in prosecuting adversary officers or in  prosecuting our own soldiers. After all, we are just the Department of  Justice. That is the Department of Defense. What could we possibly  learn from that?   Well, obviously, that would be wrong and, obviously, that would be a  mistake, particularly when you look across that boundary to military  law and see these examples right on point that they did not bother to  discuss or disclose.   Then, it gets better still. The OLC memos failed to disclose  prosecutions by the Department of Justice for waterboarding. This is  not some case that never got reported someplace, that was just a trial,  and you would have to look deep into your own records to try to find  out what took place--perhaps, without a reported decision, just a  verdict from the jury. This was a case that was extensively documented  with writings by the trial court judge, a U.S. district judge in the  State of Texas, that went up on appeal to the circuit court of appeals,  and the U.S. circuit court of appeals wrote a decision on appeal of the  district court's decision.  [[Page S7195]]    What were the facts? The facts were that there was a local sheriff.  His last name was Lee. So the case was named United States v. Lee. Mr.  Lee had gone into the business of waterboarding prisoners--strapping  them in a chair, tipping them back, and pouring water over their faces  to give the illusion of drowning. The court's decision over and over  describes this conduct as torture. If you use legal search tools and  look for the words ``water'' and ``torture,'' United States v. Lee  comes up, and it is a circuit court of appeals decision.   How could they miss it? There are only two explanations that I can  come up with. One is that they really did a shoddy job of workmanship,  that they didn't bother to do basic legal research. That is why I have  described this in the past as fire-the-associate quality work. If you  haven't done the basic legal research to determine what the cases are  on point on the question of whether the use of water on bound prisoners  is torture, you haven't done much of a good job. The problem is that  scenario is actually the best case scenario. The best case scenario is  that they did such slipshod work at the Office of Legal Counsel that  they didn't find a U.S. circuit court of appeals decision on point to  the question upon which the OLC was advising the President of the  United States. That is the best case scenario.   The worst case scenario is that they did find it and decided not to  talk about it in their memos because you can read United States v. Lee  and put it against those OLC memos, and I think any rational reader  will find them impossible to correlate.   There is a real possibility that the Office of Legal Counsel decided  that, because Cheney had decided on this torture program and because  they were embarked on this torture program, they were going to have to  deliver the legal opinion that allowed it to continue. If it meant  ignoring a case that proved their opinion wrong, they were going to  ignore the case, and they were going to go ahead with the opinion. As  you can imagine, that is considerably worse than simply not finding the  case.   We have never had a very good description of how this all came out.  There was an OPR report from the Department of Justice that heaped  condemnation on the various players here, but ultimately this question  of what the obligation is of an OLC lawyer to fairly disclose what the  relevant case law is in writing an OLC opinion was never reached. It  was never reached because, at the end of this long and arduous process,  the Department of Justice made, I think, a terrible decision.   There is a rule of professional conduct that is called the rule of  candor to the tribunal. If you are a lawyer and you are going before a  judge, you have an obligation to state the law fairly and accurately to  the judge. If you are not being truthful to the judge about what the  law is, that is a violation of professional conduct for which lawyers  can be sanctioned. It applies to lawyers across the board. A hard- working lawyer with six or seven files under his arms, piling into a  State district court to maybe run through three or four cases in that  day before a busy judge, has the obligation of candor, and it includes  an obligation to do adequate research, to actually have looked up the  case law and to disclose it to the judge so that you are not misleading  the court about the state of the law. That applies to lawyers across  the country. The busiest, most distracted local lawyer and just a guy  with a practice, maybe in a strip mall, who buzzes into court with a  bunch of files under his arms--that lawyer is under that same  obligation.   Yet the Office of Legal Counsel--this high temple of lawyering, this  ``best of the best'' of the Department of Justice--made the decision  that those lawyers, in their providing advice to the President of the  United States, did not have the same obligation of candor that an  ordinary, day-to-day, working lawyer in a local courthouse had to that  local judge.   I believe that rule has since been reversed, and it is very good that  it has been reversed because I think the President of the United States  is entitled to at least the level of candor from these ``best of the  best'' lawyers at the Office of Legal Counsel that a local judge is  from the hard-working, overburdened, day-to-day lawyers who appear in  front of him or her. That is not what the President got, not from this  Office of Legal Counsel, not from Steve Bradbury.   Again, I don't know that we will ever know because that decision by  the Department put to an end the investigation of the question of  whether this failure amounted to professional malpractice by the OLC  lawyers, but the options aren't great. These lawyers either did not do  the work to discover the military tribunals, the courts-martial, and  the Texas criminal prosecution by the Department of Justice, or, worse  yet, they did discover those things and deliberately withheld that  information so that they could give the opinion they thought they were  supposed to give. It is about the worst thing a lawyer in that position  could do, and until that is cleared up, I could not possibly support  the nomination of Steven Bradbury to any position of trust in the  Government of the United States.   I yield the floor.   