 Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation in order to ensure  General James Mattis can become the next United States Secretary of  Defense. It is critically important to our military men and women as  well as to the safety and security of the American people that the  Trump administration has a capable, competent Secretary of Defense in  place on January 20.   Our soldiers, sailors, and airmen need to know who their leader is,  and we  [[Page H526]]  should do everything we can to minimize any gap in leadership. General  Mattis is uniquely qualified for this vital role, and his nomination  has earned praise from both Democrats and Republicans, as shown by the  vote yesterday in the United States Senate.   During his over 40 years of service to our country, he has  consistently shown both a great appreciation for the true toils of  conflict and the clear ability to defeat an enemy. That is an important  balance for anyone leading our military.   Now, I know some of my colleagues on the other side have concerns  about the process, but let's not get caught up in a process fight when  it comes to the safety and security of the American people. The  fundamental question should be: Do you or do you not support General  Mattis serving as our Secretary of Defense?   Now, when I found out General Mattis would not be appearing before  our committee, of course I was disappointed, but I pulled out my copy  of ``Meditations'' by the great Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius, which is  his favorite book. He carries it with him everywhere. If you read those  meditations, you know where they were written. They were written on the  northern frontier of the Roman Empire where the Emperor General Marcus  Aurelius spent several years to be with his legionnaires as they fought  against the enemy across the line of the Rhine. In those meditations he  talks about the importance of humility.   Any general who reads the ``Meditations'' of Marcus Aurelius  consistently so that he can remember that his duty is to his soldiers  and to a humility before the power that he has is someone who should be  leading the Department of Defense of the United States. I have great  confidence that he knows that the strength of our military lies in the  men and women who fight for us.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation to help  pave the way for General Mattis to lead our military and protect the  safety and the security of the American people.   