 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the budget  resolution, and I commend Chairwoman Black on her leadership and  tireless efforts.   Much has been said about our $20 trillion debt, and I would like to  add that we know that that debt can only be paid back with tax dollars  that will be extracted from future taxpayers.   We debated and passed 12 appropriations bills in this Chamber. As  heated as those debates were, they were on less than one-third of  Federal spending. To attack our debt, we have to attack mandatory  spending. This budget does that.   As I traveled around my district and talked to people in my district,  I have been pleased to hear that business is good. Businesses want to  grow, and they want to expand. But I have not been pleased when they  told me that they cannot find employees. So I went back and looked at  data. Arkansas has our lowest unemployment rate ever right now, but we  have also got the lowest labor participation rate.   In the years from 2008 to 2016, we saw a 5.7 percent population  growth. We saw a decrease in unemployment from 6 percent down to 4  percent, or 5\1/2\ down to 4 percent, but we had fewer people actually  working in 2016 than we had in 2008. We had a decrease of 0.8 percent  of people working and a decrease of 2.4 percent of people in the labor  force during that time period.   We have to put plans and programs in place to get our economy  growing. We have to get more people back to work. During that same  time, we saw an increase in SNAP benefits. We saw 330,000 people, or  over 14 percent of our State's population of able-bodied, working-age  adults, getting their health insurance through Medicaid expansion.   We need to focus on addressing our budget woes. We need an economy  that is growing and a labor force that is working. We need a military  that is strong. We have to address the 70 percent component of spending  that is driving our debt. This budget is the first step in achieving  those results, and I urge everyone to vote for this budget.   