 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    Mr. Chairman, HIDTA, the High Intensity  Drug Trafficking Area, is a critically important program that brings  together Federal, State, and local law enforcement, and it is making a  difference in my home State and in many parts of the country.  [[Page H7352]]    HIDTA is a flexible program that has helped law enforcement afford  critical overtime and equipment that they would struggle to afford.  This program is tackling our most challenging public health and safety  issue of our time: the drug opioid epidemic.   HIDTA is needed. The opioid epidemic is getting worse, and this is  not a time to hold back on funding programs that work.   At Thomas Health System in South Charleston, West Virginia, the  number of infants born exposed to opioids and other drugs increased  from 95 babies in 2013 to 189 babies in 2016. That is an increase of 99  percent in just 4 years.   Overdose death rates continue to climb as well. In my home town in  Huntington, overdoses in 2017 have already surpassed the number in  2016. In 2017, there have been 1,250 overdoses, an increase of--get  this--450 percent since 2014, a 450 percent increase in 4 years.   Just last year, West Virginia added two new HIDTA counties and  another county's application is pending review.   HIDTA works. It is evident, with counties across this country  applying to become HIDTA counties, there is demand. We must increase  funding for this critical program.   I urge adoption of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Barr).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time  as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, let me close by saying a deep, heartfelt thank you to  Congressman Barr from Kentucky. He has been a stalwart in fighting this  drug epidemic and supporting efforts like HIDTA.   Mr. Chair, I thank the subcommittee chairman, Chairman Graves. He has  been terrific in Financial Services. When you think about where we  started in this process, he has brought us light-years away in funding  for HIDTA.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the full committee, Chairman  Frelinghuysen. He has been terrific in, again, restoring much-needed  funding.   This amendment, if adopted, is an important final step needed to  address this critical issue.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   