 Mr. President, I thank the ranking member for his  outstanding efforts, along with many others.   What I would like to do now is yield to Senator McCain, and I will  speak last.    Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from  Arizona for his dedication to our national security, for his tremendous  involvement in this legislation, and all that he does on behalf of all  of us to make sure that our Nation is secure.   Thank you so much for those comments and for your deep involvement in  this piece of legislation.    I thank the minority leader for his comments, and I yield  a moment to Senator Crapo, who played an outstanding role as the leader  of our committee.    I yield the floor to Senator Menendez.    I thank the Senator from New Jersey for his outstanding  leadership on Iran and his leadership on Russia and North Korea. He has  led us for years and years in sanctioning Iran and has brought them to  the table. I thank him for that.   For those who are here and want to vote, I am going to yield 1 minute  to Senator Gardner. I am going to speak for about a minute and a half,  and to my knowledge, we will be ready to vote. I thank all of my  colleagues for their patience.   Senator Gardner.    I thank the Senator for his leadership on North Korea,  and I thank him for speaking.   Mr. President, I will be very brief, as I normally am. This bill has  taken passion, tenacity, and all of us working together to bring out  the best in this body and to get to this point where we are today. I  want to thank everybody who has been involved.   Senator Cardin has been an outstanding ranking member. As always, we  worked together, just as we did today on another markup, to get to  where we are. We have Senators Crapo and Brown. I think there were  about four committees working to get this piece of legislation out. It  was an incredible effort working around the clock for days and nights.  I want to thank them for their leadership.   I want to thank Senator Menendez, again, for his involvement, in  particular on Iran, but on all of these issues.   Certainly, thanks go to Senators McCain and Graham for their  tremendous leadership in beginning the process, especially on Russia.  Thank you so much.   Thank you, Senator Schumer and Senator McConnell, for giving us the  freedom to operate under regular order, the freedom to operate in the  committee process, which I know all of us long to get to on all issues  that we deal with here, and thank you to all of those Members who have  been so involved. Our staffs have been incredible. Thank you so much  for the professionalism, the knowledge, the energy, and the willingness  to work late hours to make this happen.   The attributes of this legislation have been discussed. I think we  all are ready for this moment. We are all ready to speak to what Russia  has done to our country and to others, to speak to what Iran is doing  outside of the nuclear agreement, and to speak to what North Korea  continues to do.   One attribute that hasn't been spoken to is this: It has been my goal  as chairman, working with the ranking member, that Congress continue to  be more and more relevant and to garner back the powers that we have  given to the executive branch for decades. One of the most important  attributes of this legislation is the congressional review, where, when  major decisions are made, Congress is involved; Congress has a say. I  hope we will build upon that, not only in foreign policy but in other  matters.   I want to thank all involved.   I urge a strong vote on this piece of legislation that sends a strong  message to Iran, to Russia, and to North Korea.   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   