 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for  sponsoring this legislation, the HONEST Act.   I believe that this bill will take a very important step toward  improving the quality of science at the EPA. This is incredibly  important because this agency ensures that our air and water are clean,  which is something that all Americans want and deserve.   However, in recent years, the EPA has not been as transparent and  forthcoming with the scientific data that the agency has used as the  basis for costly regulations. That is exactly where the HONEST Act  comes in.   By requiring the agency to base its regulations on publicly available  science, scientists and the American people will be able to examine the  data and pursue their own scientific inquiry if they wish, improving  the scientific integrity of the EPA.   Transparency throughout all levels of the Federal Government is an  important tenet of American democracy. I strongly support all efforts  to provide the American people with more information on how our  government works. This is most important when regulations that impact  American jobs and the economy are involved.   Critics of the HONEST Act claim that requiring scientific data to be  public would compromise personal information. This is a false  narrative. This legislation specifically protects that information by  way of redactions. It is not the interest of Congress or the EPA to  compromise anyone's personal data.   Passage of the HONEST Act comes at a critical time for the EPA.  Executive orders issued by President Trump require that the agency  review and potentially revise a number of regulations from the past  administration that were only partly based on science and that were  never made public to the American people. We want to avoid similar  situations moving forward, regardless of the administration.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this legislation to promote a more  honest and open EPA.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Beyer), the vice ranking member of the  full committee and ranking member of the Science, Space, and  Technology's Subcommittee on Oversight.   