 Mr. Speaker, as a Californian who lives in a very rural  part of the State that is economically in huge pain, when I see an  opportunity for people in rural America to prosper, to do well, I see,  in H.R. 3905, again, this opportunity for the people in Minnesota.   The MINER Act, introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Emmer), will put it on the right track toward being able to extract the  minerals that are needed for production of taking raw materials and  making them into finished products here in the United States.   This bill addresses a 230,000-acre mineral withdrawal from Superior  National Forest in Minnesota, which, really, it is about jobs and  economic growth, while also maintaining clear standards for all  projects across the Nation.   Indeed, this is a very narrow bill. It explores the possibilities,  which is only a small step. Indeed, if mining was to occur, there is a  litany of permits, years of process required to take that following  step.   Indeed, the arbitrary decision, the day before President Obama left  office, halted a $400 million project, jeopardized 17,000 American  jobs, cut $3 billion from K-12 schools, and slashed $2.5 billion  annually from local governments and the State.   These types of effects I feel in my own district where our industries  have been taken away. Any time there is a proposal to do anything like  that, whether it is timber harvest, mining, or whatever, you then hear  about how the whole zone is pristine and unique, never been touched.  These operations can happen environmentally correctly, environmentally  soundly, and that is the standard for which we have in this country, is  that we will do things correctly now, and we will put them back when we  are done.   Though a 20-year moratorium was imposed on the area, similar plans  for mining have previously been approved by Congress twice. Mining  operations across the country already commit to a strict environmental  review process to ensure the public safety and the protection of  natural resources, as we all expect. You mine an area under the strict  guidelines, and you reclaim it.   In most cases, mining companies must also put up bonds to pay for  cleanup, sometimes for billions of dollars before a single shovel is  ever turned. In this case, we are talking about exploration of the area  to see what the potential is.   This bill does not overturn existing Federal, State, or local  environmental reviews. Instead, it ensures all projects are held to  clear, consistent requirements, not arbitrary political decisions.  Allowing politicians to prohibit one project or another, based solely  on a whim, goes against American ideals of fairness and equal  opportunity.   These minerals are essential to our economy. To those claiming that  mining will damage the environment, I would ask you this: Where would  you prefer that these minerals come from? Do you want the mining to  occur here in America, under these kinds of strict guidelines, bring  American jobs to the front; or do we want to do it elsewhere in the  world, places like China and others that have little respect for the  environmental process or review or operations that are sustainable?   I think we should have it here. Where would you have us get our  minerals? Where would you have us get the rare earth materials that are  needed for production of new technologies?   H.R. 3905 protects Minnesota's economy, schools, and State budget; it  protects the rule of law; and it protects the domestic access to these  important materials and minerals we need to have our economy get  stronger--a very narrow scope; it is sound legislation and sound  policy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of this important legislation.   