 Mr. Chairman, I come from the private  sector; so when I come to the House and I listen to the debate going  back and forth, I almost feel like I am somebody not from a different  planet, but from a different galaxy.   When we talk about overregulation, when we talk about the effects of  unelected bureaucrats leveling on the American people $2 trillion and  an impact to the economy, then somebody ought to sit up and listen.   All we are talking about is scrutiny, scrutiny of any piece of  legislation, any executive order that comes out that is going to have  an impact of $100 million or more on the economy. Around here, $100  million sounds like nothing. From where I am from, it is unbelievable  that we would even think that $100 million should be the point that we  look at.   What could be more common sense than to look at the heavy burden we  are putting on everyday Americans and saying that, somehow, unelected  bureaucrats who have never walked in their shoes, who have never done  their job, who have never worried about meeting a payroll, who have  never had to worry about regulation and taxation that make it  impossible for them to compete, these poor, stupid folks just don't get  it?   705,687 people in your districts are who you represent. Whether they  voted for you or not is not the point. The point is we represent them.  Why in the world would Congress cede its power to the executive branch  and to unelected bureaucrats to determine what the American people are  going to be burdened with? It is just common sense. Why can't we not  see what is right in front of us right now?   I invite you to please go home to your districts, walk in those  shops, walk in those little towns, talk to those people and find out  the two things that really inhibit them from being successful are  overtaxation and overregulation. We can handle both those things right  here in the people's House.   This is not a Democratic House. This is not a Republican House. This  is America's House. We should be looking at things that benefit the  American people.   If we truly want to act in a bipartisan way, then let's stop this  back-and-forth debate about what Republicans want, what Democrats want,  and let's talk about what is good for the American people. That is who  sent us. That is whose responsibility we have on our shoulders. If we  can't do that, we ought to go home.   