 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would strike the provision in  the bill that would add increasing employment and earnings to the  Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program, or MIECHV,  as it is generally referred to.   I, obviously, share the goal of increasing employment and earnings  across the country. However, home visiting is not an employment  program. It is a program to strengthen families to make kids healthier,  safer, and more ready to learn when they start school. Those are the  outcomes home visiting models strive for, and those are the outcomes  they achieve.   I mentioned the other day in the Ways and Means Committee that I know  the good that these programs do firsthand. In Passaic County--because  most of these programs are run through counties throughout America--our  home visiting program worked with a pregnant mom expecting a child with  a heart defect.   The baby required open heart surgery shortly after being born last  July. After the surgery, the newborn continued to have health  complications. At times, his mom felt depressed and hopeless and feared  that her child was not going to survive.   The home visiting program's family support worker was able to assist  the mom by connecting her to services, providing her with emotional  support, and acting as a liaison with the hospital where her son was.   We know the negative impact that postpartum depression can have on  new moms and their babies. The home visiting program was able to  connect this mom to supportive services and resources and alleviate her  depression so that she could be a healthy and pleasant mom. I am happy  to report that, after nearly 3 months in the hospital, this little boy  was finally able to go home, and his mother continues to work with the  home visiting program in northern New Jersey.   I don't think anyone can hear that story and not see value in the  services that were provided. The home visiting program helped a mom,  like so many other mothers across America, navigate her newborn son's  healthcare crisis and manage the mental health issues associated with  it.   But under the provision that my amendment is seeking to strike from  the bill, this outcome would not be measured as a success. There is  something wrong with that.   Most home visiting models focus on families with newborns or very  small children and focus on building a parent-child bond. That is a  fact. Many home visiting programs focus on teen parents and young  mothers, and the priority is to keep them in school and make sure they  continue their education.   There are currently 18 evidence-based home visiting models. None of  them  [[Page H7513]]  provide employment services, none of them measure employment and  earnings.   Home visitors have raised concerns that having to ask families about  employment and earnings would be intrusive when you know what the focus  of the program is, and would undermine the relationship they are trying  to build with families.   Even if the data is collected without specifically asking families  for it, knowing their performance is being measured based on their  client's labor force participation--here is the kernel of the issue-- will likely make home visitors feel they have to press their clients to  work even if, like in the case of the mom in Passaic County, that  should not be the main object.   Additionally, this bill provides no new funding. We are not asking  for any new money here. Any resources devoted to supporting work would  have to be diverted from MIECHV's core purposes.   I urge my colleagues, Mr. Chairman, to support this amendment to make  sure children and families served by this program get the support and  service that they truly need.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, as I said, there are currently 18  evidence-based home visiting models. Also, there is nothing added to  the budget; no extra currency I am asking for.   I would ask the sponsor of the bill what he would tell this woman  from Passaic County, New Jersey, one of many examples that I have. I  ask him what his answer would be to that woman.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   