 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first, the Nation continues to reel from  the awful events of Sunday night in Las Vegas--the most deadly mass  shooting in modern American history. It has gotten even deadlier in the  last 24 hours, with 59 dead and 527 injured--some wounded by gunfire,  some injured because they were trampled in the chaos. There were 22,000  concertgoers who fled for their lives from the scene. The police found  23 guns in the hotel room of the monster who committed this atrocity  and 19 more at his home. Some of them had been modified to cause even  more carnage.   Of course, as always, the beauty of the American people and the first  responders pulled through. I saw on TV today a man who had been shot.  Two young women came and risked their lives while those shots were  going. They took off his belt and tied a tourniquet around his upper  thigh because he was bleeding profusely from his leg. They saved his  life. He said he will never know who they are, but they saved his life.  That story, I am sure, will be repeated over and over again. The valor,  the bravery of the average American and the greatness of our first  responders is the only counterpoint to the evil, the carnage, the  horror we have all witnessed.   We cannot banish evil or madness from the Earth, but we sure can do  what we can in our power to make our country a safer place. We need  commonsense reforms, and these reforms have broad public support.   In the face of tens of thousands of gun deaths every year, too many  Republicans in Congress have tried to enact the dream agenda of the NRA  and the gun lobby. They have pursued a national concealed carry law.  Can you imagine if that were to have passed? This horrible man could  have concealed carry under the laws of Nevada and gone to Times Square  in New York City or to Walt Disney World in Florida and just shot away.   Most of our police organizations are against this concealed carry  bill. In light of the carnage, in knowing of the evil that exists, with  the power of evil magnified by guns and automatic weapons, how can we  try to pursue it?   What about gun silencers? There is a move actually in this Congress-- it is in the House right now, and I am sure it has support on the other  side of the aisle in the Senate--to make it easier for citizens to  acquire silencers. Why? Let me tell you something. One of the few ways  the police had to go after the shooter was trying to hear the sound of  where the guns were coming from.   Thank God our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have pulled  back on this bill. It is not the first time. They had to postpone a  hearing on the bill when the congressional baseball team was attacked  during an early morning practice. When two mass shootings force you to  delay a bill that would make those mass shootings harder to detect and  stop, maybe it is a sign that you ought to let go of the bill once and  for all.   Of course, we have this absurd NRA nostrum that if everyone were to  have a gun, we would all be safe because if people were in an arena--a  place--where someone was shooting, they could shoot them back. They  sure could not have shot back at someone who was 32 stories up in a  hotel. This idea that the only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun  is a good guy with a gun is absurd in this situation. It is absurd in  many situations.   So where do we go from here?   This place has been gridlocked on the issue of gun control for a  while. President Trump, before he ran for office, was for certain sane,  rational, limited aspects of gun control. After Sandy, he called for  the gun laws to be tightened. I know when he ran, that the power of  [[Page S6269]]  the NRA, the money of the NRA, and the narrow special interest of the  NRA lobbyists here were just the swamp he decried--small groups going  against the public interest and persuading Congress to do that. Yet  maybe he can have a bit of a reawakening, in the horror of what  happened, as he goes to Las Vegas tomorrow.   Today I am calling on the President to come out against the absurd  law about silencers--to threaten a veto if he must and put an end to  that bill. I am also calling on President Trump to bring together the  leaders of Congress and let both sides know he is ready and willing to  address head-on this issue of gun safety. He should tell Members of his  party it is time to work to address this epidemic that costs the lives  of more than 30,000 Americans a year.   I am glad the President is going to Las Vegas--that is a good idea-- but he should take it a step further. He should call us together and  lead this Nation in some rational laws about gun safety that the  overwhelming majority of Americans--Democrats, Republicans, and  Independents--support.   If we truly want to honor our first responders and protect our fellow  Americans, as we say we do, President Trump should stand up and tell  the NRA that they are not always right, abandon some of their most  extreme policies--I would abandon most of them--and come to the table  and do the work that so many Americans are desperate for Congress to  do.   