 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Brown  be recognized to offer a motion to commit, which is at the desk, and  that there be 30 minutes of debate on the motion; that following the  use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote in relation to the motion  with no intervening action or debate. I further ask that following  disposition of the motion, the majority leader be recognized. I ask  unanimous consent that the 30 minutes be equally divided in the usual  form.    Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania  for such time as he may use of up to 15 minutes.   Mr. President, I take that back.    Mr. President, I know that our friends across the aisle  have offered a motion to commit to send this back to the Senate Finance  Committee, but, as the ranking member knows, as the Senator from Ohio  knows, the Senate Finance Committee has delivered a bill that received  a vote of the majority of that committee, who considered this tax bill  on a bipartisan basis in the committee. So it strikes me as odd, if not  just outright fallacious, to suggest that we are somehow keeping them  out of a bipartisan process. Just the opposite is true. They are taking  themselves out of the process by obstructing, blocking, and doing  everything they can to prevent us from actually delivering tax reform  and tax cuts to the American people. That is what is happening here.   Just as the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, the  Senator from Oregon, offered a motion to commit last night, just as the  Senator from Ohio is offering a motion to commit here today, they are  participating in the process while claiming to have no part of the  process. The only problem is, they are not contributing anything  positive. All they are trying to do is to blow up the process. They  must like the fact that we have the highest business tax rate in the  world, which forces jobs and investments overseas rather than  encourages that money to come back home. They must like the fact that  wages in America are stagnant. They must like the fact that working  American families have not seen a pay increase because of those  stagnant wages. They must like the fact that there are many people who  are looking for work who can't find work, because they refuse to  consider an alternative that might provide better wages and more jobs  to people looking for work. They must think that 1.9 percent economic  growth is the best we can do. This is the new normal after the Obama  years, since the great recession of 2008, but I will state that the  economy has grown at 3.2 percent since World War II. This is not the  new normal.   We don't have to accept this. We can do better, but we can't do  better when your head is in the sand and the only thing you want to do  is to blow up our efforts to try to improve the quality of life, the  standard of living, the take-home pay, and to reawaken the slumbering  giant which is the American economy to restore this country to  greatness and leadership in the world economically, militarily, and in  every sort of way.   Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania such time as  he requires.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Thank you very much.    Mr. President, I thank the ranking member of the Finance  Committee. I know we have other Senators who are ready to speak. Since  the Senator believes that the Joint Committee on Taxation's dynamic  score of our tax bill is entirely accurate, would he agree with me that  the score demonstrates that there is economic growth generated by tax  cuts and, really, what we are just talking about is how much economic  growth is generated?   