 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 92.   This Resolution would grant Congress' consent to certain amendments  to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact  Authority pursuant to legislation enacted by the District of Columbia,  Maryland, and Virginia, respectively.   Congress originally consented to this Compact in 1960 and--from time- to-time--the Compact has been amended with Congress' consent, as  needed.   The current necessity for H.J. Res. 92 is prompted by the enactment  of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act of 2015.   In pertinent part, this Act gave sole authority to the Secretary of  Transportation to appoint federal directors to the board of directors  of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact.   To implement this directive, each of the Compact participants had to  enact legislation amending the Compact.   H.J. Res. 92 grants Congress' consent to these amendments to the  Compact as approved by each of the participating states and the  District of Columbia.   This bipartisan measure, which effectuates Congress' directive of  2015, is cosponsored by all of the Congressional Members representing  jurisdictions affected by the Metrorail system.   I support this commonsense measure and I urge its swift passage. I  commend Representative Comstock for her leadership on this important  legislation and I thank House Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte for  facilitating its timely consideration by both the Committee and the  House.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.J. Res. 92 granting consent  and approval from Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State  of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area  Transit Regulation Compact.   As Houston is a major transportation hub, I understand and appreciate  the importance of this legislation.   The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), an  interstate compact agency, provides transportation services to millions  of people each year.   It is imperative that the WMATA be safe and effective because it is  essential to the commerce and prosperity of the National Capitol  Region.   The District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State  of Maryland intend to create the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission  to act as the state safety oversight authority for the WMATA system  under 49 U.S.C. 5329.   In title III of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act  (section 3026, Public Law 114-94), the Congress provided sole authority  to the Secretary of Transportation to appoint Federal Directors to the  Board of Directors of  [[Page H5894]]  the WMATA and required the signatory parties to the Compact to amend  the Compact as necessary.   This compact is created for the benefit of the people of the District  of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland so  that there may be an increase in their safety, commerce, and  prosperity.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.J. Res. 92   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte) that the House suspend the  rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 92.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 76.   This resolution would grant the consent and approval of Congress for  Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a  compact establishing the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission.   I support this bipartisan measure for several reasons.   Most importantly, this Commission will help improve the safety of the  Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority--also known as WMATA,  which provides transportation services for millions of people each  year.   Last year alone, nearly 180 million riders traveled on WMATA's  commuter rail system. In fact, more than 760,000 riders used that  system on just a single day in March of last year.   Unfortunately, there have been a series of serious safety violations  at WMATA in recent years, some of which have tragically led to deaths  and injuries.   Even though such dangerous conditions are obviously inexcusable, they  nevertheless have persisted for many years. There are numerous causes,  which range from aging infrastructure, years of neglected maintenance,  uncertain funding, and poor oversight and management.   In response to these critical concerns, the District of Columbia-- together with the states of Virginia and Maryland--have each passed  legislation agreeing to enter into an interstate compact establishing  an oversight commission dedicated to improving the safety of WMATA.   Clearly, this undertaking will help ensure WMATA's passengers and  workers--as well as the many communities that WMATA serves--have a  safe, efficient, and reliable mass transit system.   In addition, H.J. Res. 76 warrants our support because it implements  Congress' 2015 directive to the states to establish legal and  financially independent state oversight authorities responsible for the  safety of fixed rail transit facilities within their respective  jurisdictions.   By granting our consent and approval of the interstate compact to be  established pursuant to this Resolution, we are fulfilling our  responsibility to help ensure the safety of our Nation's rail system.   Finally, prompt consideration of H.J. Res. 76 is imperative not only  because of ongoing safety concerns, but also because of financial  concerns that serve to exacerbate the safety concerns.   When Congress issued its 2015 directive, it did so with strings  attached. A state's failure to comply with this directive would result  in a suspension of federal rail transit funding.   Accordingly, the Transportation Department's Federal Transportation  Authority suspended its distribution of federal transit funds to the  District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia earlier this year and it  continues to do so until the new safety commission is established.   Thus, every day that goes by without action on this Resolution, is  another day that these jurisdictions are deprived of critical federal  funding.   So, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting the immediate  passage of H.J. Res. 76.   The safety and reliability of our Nation's commuter rail transit  system should be the standard for other metropolitan areas to aspire  to. Unfortunately, much improvement is necessary to reach this critical  goal.   H.J. Res. 76, however, will hopefully provide an important  opportunity to address the system's safety shortcomings.   In closing, I want to thank Representative Steny Hoyer, the esteemed  author of this critical legislation. His commitment and leadership are  to be commended.   Accordingly, I strongly support this bipartisan measure and urge  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it as well.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. J. Res.  76, which grants consent and approval from Congress for the  Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of  Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the  Washington Metrorail Safety Commission.   As Houston is a major transportation hub, I understand and appreciate  the importance of this legislation.   The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), an  interstate compact agency, provides transportation services to millions  of people each year.   It is imperative that the WMATA be safe and effective as it is  essential to the commerce and prosperity of the National Capitol  Region.   The District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State  of Maryland intend to create the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission  to act as the state safety oversight authority for the WMATA system  under 49 U.S.C. 5329.   In title III of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act  (section 3026, Public Law 114-94), the Congress provided sole authority  to the Secretary of Transportation to appoint Federal Directors to the  Board of Directors of the WMATA and required the signatory parties to  the Compact to amend the Compact as necessary.   This compact is created for the benefit of the people of the District  of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland so  that there may be an increase in their safety, commerce, and  prosperity.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. J. Res. 76.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte) that the House suspend the  rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 76, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   