 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R.  998, the SCRUB Act.   This ill-advised bill would require agencies to undertake a  regulatory cut-go process to repeal rules identified by the Commission,  with little to no consideration of the benefits, prior to issuing any  new rule.   The SCRUB Act's regulatory cut-go procedures are unsafe, dangerous,  and would tie the hands of agencies responding to public health crises  requiring timely regulatory responses. In fact, this bill lacks any  mechanism for consideration of public health and safety, thus leaving  no option for agencies to issue emergency rules to protect the public  and environment from imminent harm.   The bill's proponents may claim that the title I of the H.R. 1155  would allow the Commission to consider whether the costs of the bill  are not justified by the benefit to society. But as witnesses testified  during the Judiciary Committee's consideration of a previous version of  this bill, the catch-all language of subsection (h)(2)(I) would allow  the Commission to completely disregard any benefit of regulation.   In both Republican and Democratic administrations, the benefits of  our system of regulatory protections have made our country safer,  stronger, healthier, and cleaner. While consideration of the costs of  regulations is important, there is overwhelming consensus that the  benefits of regulation vastly exceed the costs.   The Government Accountability Office has observed that these benefits  ``include, among other things, ensuring that workplaces, air travel,  foods, and drugs are safe; that the nation's air, water and land are  not polluted; and that the appropriate amount of taxes is collected.''   This evidence overwhelmingly refutes the assertion that regulatory  costs are burdensome, eliminate jobs, or harm our economic  competitiveness. We should be empowering our agencies, not hindering  them, to take the steps needed to protect our environment, consumer  products, public health, and safety.   I ask my colleagues to oppose this bill.   