 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, one of the most deceptive things that Congress does is  regulate one part of an industry for the problems created by another  part.   The community banks had nothing to do with the collapse in 2008. It  was Wall Street, the people in New York, the big banks. Yet the Dodd- Frank regulation kind of let them scoot by and  [[Page H4667]]  gave them permits to continue operating, while many of the Main Street  businesses and many of the Main Street banks have closed down.   My friend just mentioned Wells Fargo. CFPB stood on the sidelines  silently and mute while they were conducting their affairs. It was a  county prosecutor who actually uncovered it.   So this idea that we here in Congress are going to do things that are  going to get it in check simply is not true. What is true is that the  agency created by Dodd-Frank, the CFPB, or the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, was so annoying that it put New Mexico's most  sparsely populated county, with about 8 people per square mile, to be  regulated the same as New York City. That is how much CFPB understood.   In the process of their regulating, they shut down the loans for  manufactured housing. That means nothing to the people in New York, but  in New Mexico, that is 50 percent of the homes in my district. The CFPB  didn't much care.   They also limited the ability of regular banks to make loans on  mortgages, establishing something called qualified mortgages. They  simply said all balloon notes are prejudicial. Those things were  hurting and penalizing the rural parts of this country. The people who  suffered most were the people at the lowest end of the economic  spectrum.   Our credit agencies, our credit system in the U.S., has done much in  order to make credit available, no matter where you are in the  political and income spectrum.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The people at the low end of the spectrum had access to  many different ways of borrowing. CFPB simply routinely eliminated  almost every single one of them.   As a representative of one of the poorest districts in the country, I  have found CFPB's efforts to be meaningless to the big guys and  punitive to us who are just trying to make a living out in the rural  parts of the world.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this rule and support for the  underlying bill.   