 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kind words and  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the underlying  legislation. As has been made clear, we are actually talking about two  different pieces of legislation here today.   The waiver for Secretary-designee James Mattis is, quite frankly, a  no-brainer. The Senate voted 81-17 in favor of that waiver. I would  suspect there will be similar bipartisan support here.   My friend is correct, of course; this is a serious matter whenever we  grant exceptions to the law. But General Mattis is just uniformly and  universally respected across the lines for his distinguished work in  defense of this country, so I hope we move ahead on that.   The budget resolution that comes before us is another matter, and  there will be a great deal of contention. Frankly, the resolution  itself is not, as my good friend from California pointed out, and  should not be seen as, a traditional budgetary item. It is, frankly, a  projection of what will happen if we do absolutely nothing over the  next decade and leave the current set of policies in place.   It is a sobering document to read in that regard because it shows  rising deficits every single year for a decade, beginning at over $580  billion and then moving well north of $1 trillion. Frankly, in my view,  it is something that we ought to look at and come to the realization  that we are going to need to do entitlement reform in the next decade,  something that people on both sides of the aisle seem to want to  ignore. Absent that, we will, indeed, have extraordinary budget  deficits, and they will be large enough to undercut and undermine our  economy.    The budget resolution is also a vehicle, a tool, to begin to repeal  the Affordable Care Act. This is necessary for, really, one simple  reason. The Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare as it is popularly known,  is a failing system. It is unpopular. It has never been popular, never  hit 50 percent of popularity. Frankly, in my view, it has cost our  friends their majority in the House, then cost them their majority in  the Senate, and may well have cost them the Presidency of the United  States. The American people have spoken pretty emphatically: We don't  like this product. And it is collapsing financially right now. This is  not a system that is an operation that is really doing well.   Let me just talk about my own State. We have about 197,000 people  that have gotten insurance under ObamaCare. This year, they will have  exactly one choice as to what company they want to choose to provide  them, and their rates will go up by 69 percent. Now, nationally, I  think the average is over 25 percent.   Clearly, this is not a system that is working very well. Politically,  the easy thing to do would be what our friends want us to do--let's  just leave it alone. It will fall under its own weight, and it will be  very clear who is responsible for that collapse: the current  administration and my friends on the other side. But that also would be  the irresponsible thing to do, and that would be, in itself, an  abdication of leadership and, ultimately, unfair to the American  people.   Instead, we are going to repeal the system and begin to replace it  with something that will work better. Now, my friend's point is a fair  one. There is not a single plan out there, but there are plenty of  plans. I know I cosponsor a couple myself. I think we will be able to  work through this relatively easily.   There has been a lot of discussion and a lot of diagnosis about what  the failures of ObamaCare are, but there has been very little in the  way of actual legislative remedy. We have a unique opportunity to do  that. Frankly, I am proud of our Speaker, and I am proud of our  conference that they are going to seize that and begin this process  because I don't think there is anything more important facing us.   So I would urge the passage of the rule and then the passage,  obviously, of the underlying legislation, particularly the budget  resolution that allows us to begin the necessary work in repealing and  replacing ObamaCare, and, obviously, the waiver that would allow us to  have a distinguished Secretary of Defense, General Mattis.   