 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Huizenga for the work  on this with Patrick McHenry and the folks on the other side of the  aisle. It is nice to come here and see something that is truly  collaborative and underway that helps businesses.   Prior to coming to Congress last year, I spent the past 16 years  growing manufacturing companies in Ohio, so I know firsthand how  difficult it is to acquire capital to start and operate and grow small  businesses. Businesses that overcome the challenges are faced with  numerous regulatory roadblocks that further hinder their growth. Many  of those have come at the hands of regulatory frame works like Dodd- Frank.   But this bipartisan measure that we are talking about today has the  opportunity to help the challenges with capital acquisition that  government has created and continues to create. Currently, the  Investment Company Act of 1940 requires any qualified venture fund over  100 to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   The real burden of these regulations hits small companies in middle  America like Ohio's Eighth District where, unlike major cities,  particularly on the coast, we do not have as many options for raising  capital.   Not every company seeks to become the next billion-dollar  blockbuster, but some of them do. All these companies offer great jobs  and give many people the dignity of work, but they can also provide  great returns. So we are crowding out investment opportunities, and we  are crowding out job opportunities.    This is why I am pleased to support H.R. 1219, the Supporting  America's Innovators Act of 2017, which simply increases the cap to  allow up to 250 investors to be exempt from registration for qualified  venture capital funds, allowing America's small businesses the  flexibility to operate and grow their companies, hire employees, and  innovate.   Last year, this Congress passed legislation similar to H.R. 1219 on a  bipartisan vote of 388-9. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R.  1219 and, perhaps, increase its margin of victory.   