 Mr. President, yesterday the Senate Judiciary Committee  voted out the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacancy on  the Supreme Court left by the death of Justice Scalia. During the  meeting, as the Presiding Officer knows, our Democratic colleagues  trotted out the same old tired arguments we have heard time and again  about Judge Gorsuch.   In the end, though, none of those arguments hold water, and of course  many of them aren't even about him. Instead, these arguments reveal how  our colleagues across the aisle are grasping for reasons to justify an  unprecedented partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court Justice.   Some object to the nomination of Judge Gorsuch because they claim he  refuses to answer specific questions. But I ask: How would any of us  feel if the judge before whom we might later appear had previously, in  order to get a confirmation of his nomination, made certain promises of  how he would judge that case when presented at a future date? We would  all feel more than a little bit betrayed and even cheated if the judge  had prejudged our case before he even heard it. The judge is simply  engaging in a common practice for Supreme Court nominees. They steer  clear of any questions that may pertain to cases they may have to rule  on later. It is a matter, as the Presiding Officer knows, of judicial  ethics, and we wouldn't have it any other way.   Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg set this precedent early on. During her  confirmation hearing in 1993, she said she didn't want to give any  hints or previews about how she might vote on an issue before her. So  she politely and respectfully declined. Others followed her example,  and Judge Gorsuch is, of course, doing precisely the same.   By any fair review, Judge Gorsuch has a history of 10 years as a  judge sitting on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals out of Denver, CO.  He has a history of interpreting the law fairly, basing his judgments  on the law and the facts, without regard to politics and without  respect to persons.   That brings me to this argument that somehow he is against the little  guy. Clearly, a review of the records demonstrates that this is not so.  But, again, how are judges supposed to perform? Are they supposed to  see the litigants--the parties to a lawsuit--in their court and say:  Well, you have a big guy and you have a little guy, and I am always  going to vote or render a judgment for the little guy without regard to  the law or the facts?   I realize that sometimes our colleagues can weave a story that seems  somewhat sympathetic when it comes to the fact that not everybody is  guaranteed a win in court. As a matter of fact, when there are two  parties to a lawsuit, one of those parties is likely to be disappointed  in the outcome. But that is what judges are there for. That is what  they are supposed to do. They are supposed to render judgments, without  regard to personal preferences or politics or without regard to their  sympathies, let's say, for one of the parties to the lawsuit.   Judge Gorsuch even said this during his hearing: No one will capture  me. No one will capture me--meaning that no special interest group or  faction would derail him from following the law, wherever it may lead.  That is why Judge Gorsuch is universally respected. That is why he was  confirmed by voice vote 10 years ago to the Tenth Circuit Court of  Appeals. No one objected to Judge Gorsuch's confirmation to a lifetime  appointment on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Again, as the Presiding Officer knows, the Supreme Court of the  United States only hears about 80 cases, give or take, a year. Most of  the hard work gets done in our judicial system at the district court  level and at the circuit court level, and almost all of the cases end  in circuit courts, like the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, on which  Judge Gorsuch serves. That is not to say that the Supreme Court is not  important--it is--in resolving conflicts between the circuits or ruling  on important questions of law to guide all of the judiciary and to  settle these issues for our country, at least for a time, and maybe  even permanently when it comes to constitutional interpretation.   Judge Gorsuch enjoys broad support from across the political  spectrum, especially from his colleagues and members of the bar.   For 13 years, I served on the State judiciary in Texas, with 6 years  as a trial judge and 7 years as a member of the Texas Supreme Court.  When I heard that Judge Gorsuch had participated in 2,700 cases on a  three-judge panel and 97 percent of them were unanimous, that told me  something special about this judge. It takes hard work to build  consensus on a multijudge panel, whether it is three judges or nine  judges, like the Supreme Court. I think what we are going to see out of  this judge is not somebody who is going to decide cases in a knee-jerk  fashion but somebody who is going to work really hard to try to build  consensus on the Supreme Court of the United States.   That is really important to the Supreme Court's respect as an  institution of our government. What causes disrespect for our judiciary  is when judges act like politicians, when they make pledges of how they  will decide cases ahead of time or they campaign, in essence, for votes  based on ideological positions.   Judge Gorsuch is the opposite of that, and that is the kind of judge  America needs right now in the Supreme Court. That is why later on this  [[Page S2185]]  week, on Friday, Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed.   In spite of all the evidence in support of the nominee's intellect  and qualifications, without regard to the bipartisan chorus urging his  confirmation, the Democratic leader has decided to do everything he can  to prevent us from even having an up-or-down vote on his nomination.  Unfortunately, he will be making history in urging his Democratic  colleagues to engage in a partisan filibuster against a Supreme Court  justice. In our Nation's long, rich history, there has never been a  successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee. Now, some  people want to talk about Abe Fortas back in 1968, which was totally  different. But there has never been a successful partisan filibuster of  a Supreme Court justice until, apparently, this week on Thursday--not  one of them.   Not one of my Republican colleagues mounted a filibuster when  President Obama nominated Justice Sotomayor or Justice Kagan. Both  received an up-or-down vote. That is because that has been the  customary way this Chamber has treated Supreme Court nominees in the  past. Only four times in our Nation's history has a cloture motion  actually even been filed. But cloture was always achieved because, on a  bipartisan basis, enough votes were cast to allow the debate to end and  then to allow an up-or-down vote on the nominee.   To show how new this weaponization of the filibuster has become, back  when Clarence Thomas was confirmed to the Supreme Court of the United  States, he got 52 votes--52 votes--and was confirmed and now serves on  the Supreme Court. Back when he was confirmed, no one even dreamed of  its use. It was theoretically possible, but no one dreamed of the idea  that someone would raise the threshold for confirmation from a 51- majority vote to 60.   Our colleagues have made it quite clear that they don't want to  support any nominee from this President. So it is not even just about  Judge Gorsuch. It is about any nominee this President might propose to  the Supreme Court. And I think what it boils down to is this: Our  Democratic colleagues haven't gotten over the fact that they lost the  election. I think it really isn't much more complicated than that. They  adamantly resisted participating in the legislative process. They dug  their feet on every Cabinet nomination and now on the Supreme Court  nomination. All they know is to obstruct because they haven't gotten  over the fact that Hillary Clinton isn't President of the United  States.    They keep bringing up Merrick Garland's name. Judge Garland is a fine  man, a good judge who serves on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, but  you would have to go back to 1888 to find a time when someone was  nominated in a Presidential election year with divided government and  where that person was confirmed.   What we decided to do upon the death of Justice Scalia is to say that  the Supreme Court is so important that we are going to have a  referendum on who gets to nominate the next Justice on the Supreme  Court. Our Democratic friends thought for sure it would be Hillary  Clinton. When it turned out to be Donald Trump, well, all bets were  off, and they were in full opposition mode. But we would have respected  the right of a President Hillary Clinton to fill that nomination  because that is what we said was at stake in the election. I think it  had a big impact on whom got elected on November 8 as President of the  United States and who would fill that vacant seat and any future vacant  seats on the Supreme Court.   So here is the problem. If Judge Gorsuch is an unacceptable nominee,  can you imagine any nominee by this President being acceptable to our  Democratic colleagues? I can't, because Judge Gorsuch is about as good  as you get when it comes to a nominee. He is exactly the type of person  we should hope to see nominated to the Supreme Court.   So it is time for our Democratic colleagues to accept reality and not  to live in some sort of fantasy land and not to try to punish good  people like Judge Gorsuch, who has done an outstanding job, because  they are disappointed in the outcome of the election.   So here is the bottom line. Our Democratic friends will determine how  we get to an up-or-down vote on Judge Gorsuch. If they are genuinely  concerned about the institution of the Senate, they will provide eight  votes to get cloture to close off debate, they will decline to  filibuster the judge, and they will allow an up-and-down vote on this  imminently qualified nominee.   I am holding out hope that more thoughtful and independent Democrats  will think better of the Democratic leader's strategy. Several already  have, and I commend them for it. I hope more will come around to that  idea, but as I and others have said before, regardless of whether they  do, Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed. But it is up to the Democrats to  determine just how we get that done.   I see a friend from Vermont here. I won't take much longer. I want to  take about 3 or 4 minutes, maybe 5 minutes, to debunk some of the myths  about how we got here.   I have in front of me an article written by Neil Lewis dated May 1,  2001. The title of this New York Times story is ``Washington Talk;  Democrats Readying for Judicial Fight.'' It is dated May 1, 2001. That  was, of course, in the early days of the George W. Bush administration.  What it says is that 42 of the Senate's 50 Democrats attended a private  retreat in Farmington, PA, where the principal topic was forging a  unified party strategy to combat the White House on judicial nominees.   Mr. Lewis goes on to quote one of the people there who said: ``They  said it was important for the Senate to change the ground rules'' by  which judicial nominees were confirmed. And they did as a result of  that meeting, which was led by Laurence Tribe of Harvard Law School,  Cass Sunstein of the University of Chicago, and Marcia Greenberger,  codirector of the National Women's Law Center. Senator Schumer, the  present Democratic leader, and others, cooked up a new procedural  hurdle for President George W. Bush's judicial nominees, and we  remember what happened after that. It became almost routine for our  Democratic colleagues to filibuster President Bush's nominees.   Ultimately, there came a meeting of a group called the Gang of 14,  where there was a deal worked out that some of President Bush's  judicial nominees were confirmed and others were returned and not  confirmed. There was a decision made at that time by the Gang of 14, a  bipartisan group, that there would be no filibuster of judicial  nominees, absent exceptional circumstances. That was the language that  they used--``absent exceptional circumstances''--that let us get by  that obstacle and those filibusters for a time.   The next major development occurred in 2013, when President Obama  really wanted to see on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals--the primary  circuit court that reviewed administrative decisions--more of his  Democratic nominees on that court. So in a new and unprecedented  fashion, Senator Harry Reid changed the cloture rules once again--so- called the Reid Rule. For what purpose? It was a naked power grab. It  was to pack the DC Circuit Court of Appeals--one of the least busy  circuit courts in the country--in order to have judges confirmed by 51  Democratic votes that would rubberstamp President Obama's  administrative actions during his administration. And sadly, it worked.  They did just that.   So in a way, we are coming full circle, back to what the tradition in  the Senate was before the year 2000, before Democrats went to this  retreat led by liberal legal activists who cooked up this idea that you  could filibuster judges, and they tried to impose a requirement of 60  votes for confirmation when, in fact, the Constitution contemplates a  majority vote, or 51 votes for confirmation.   Some have said this represents the end of comity in the Senate. I  don't believe that. Some have said this threatens the end of the  legislative filibuster or cloture requirement. I don't believe that  either. There is a big difference between a nominee by a President that  is an up-or-down vote--confirm or don't confirm. There is a big  difference between that and legislation, which by definition is a  consensus-building process by offering an amendment, by offering other  suggestions to build that consensus and get it passed.   You can't amend a nominee. All you can do is vote up or down. So I  don't  [[Page S2186]]  believe restoring the status quo ante--going back before 2000 and  restoring the 200-year-plus tradition of the Senate where you don't  filibuster judges--I don't see that as a bad thing. I don't see it as  the end of the legislative filibuster. It is completely apples and  oranges.   It is true that 51 Senators will be able to close off debate and  confirm Judge Gorsuch, and we will see that happen later this week. It  also means that the next Democratic President can nominate a Supreme  Court nominee, and that person will be confirmed by 51 votes. Again,  this has been the 200-plus-year tradition of the Senate. I don't see  that as the end of the Senate. I don't see this as somehow damaging our  country--the restoration of the status quo before 2000, when our  Democratic colleagues decided to weaponize the filibuster and use it to  block judges based on this trumped-up idea that 60 votes would be  required rather than 51.   I look forward to confirming Judge Gorsuch later this week. He is a  fine man and a very good judge. He has exactly the sort of record we  would want to serve on the Court. No, he is not a liberal activist.  Clearly, Hillary Clinton, if she had been elected, would have nominated  somebody different. That is one reason why we choose whom we choose for  our President, because of the kinds of nominations they will make, and  I must say President Trump has chosen well in Neil Gorsuch.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    Madam President, if my friend the Senator from Virginia  needs a minute or two to wrap up, I know it caught him midthought. I am  happy to yield to him for that purpose.    Mr. President, Members of the Senate have been coming to  the floor talking about the important vote we will be casting tomorrow  and then again on Friday which will result in the confirmation of Judge  Neil Gorsuch as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.   Having served on the Senate Judiciary Committee since I first came to  the Senate, it has been my honor to participate in the confirmation  hearings in the committee on now five Supreme Court Justices, Judge  Gorsuch being the latest.   What I have been struck by when it comes to Judge Gorsuch is how much  our friends across the aisle--who cast a party-line vote in the  Judiciary Committee against the judge on his confirmation--how much  they have been struggling to come up with even one intellectually  honest argument against the nominee, in spite of his obvious and  tremendous qualifications and bipartisan support.   For example, I heard our colleague from Virginia, my friend Senator  Kaine, criticize a couple of decisions that the judge made. What he  left out is that Judge Gorsuch participated in 2,700 panel decisions on  the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals during his 10-year tenure there.  Ninety-seven percent of them were unanimous. As the Presiding Officer  knows, that means that each of the judges--three judges on the typical  panel or in an en banc--basically that everyone agreed, whether they  were nominated by a Republican or Democrat. So this whole idea of  cherry-picking the judge's judicial report to try to find some straw,  to grasp at some straw with which to disagree with his confirmation is  pretty striking to me.   But last night we saw the latest act of desperation to try to justify  the unprecedented partisan filibuster of Judge Gorsuch. For example, it  was reported that a handful of lines in a 2006 book were borrowed from  other sources. Well, the timing of this says it all. This book has been  published for 10 years. The only reason for this allegation is a last- minute attempt to try to make something, really anything stick to  tarnish the character of someone who will soon serve on the Supreme  Court.   This kind of baseless attack is not only disingenuous, it is  transparent and it has absolutely no merit. Even the author of the main  article allegedly plagiarized has rejected that characterization. So  this is the person who wrote the article who Judge Gorsuch was claimed  to have plagiarized, in essence. Well, the author of the main article  rejected the characterization of plagiarization. She said that under  the circumstances, it would have been awkward and difficult for Judge  Gorsuch to have used different language.   Other academic experts have also rejected the claim and made clear  that the preferred methodology for facts is to cite original sources,  which is exactly what Judge Gorsuch did. Talk about an eleventh-hour  baseless attack.   The bottom line is this: Instead of evaluating the judge based on his  qualifications, the sterling reputation he has among people across the  political spectrum, our friends across the aisle are determined to  attempt the first successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court  nominee. That is disappointing, but it is also destined for failure.   Yesterday, I pointed out how we actually got here. Back during  President George W. Bush's first term, Senator Schumer and others laid  the groundwork and then executed a strategy for unprecedented  obstruction of judicial nominees. That was in response to the election  of the last Republican President. This is in response to the election  of a new Republican President. I think for him, following the election  of the current one, obstruction of a perfectly qualified nominee to the  Supreme Court is just the next step. It actually represents the  ultimate escalation of this weaponization of the filibuster used in  judicial confirmations.   As I have said before, based on the merits of the nominee, the  justifications for opposing Judge Gorsuch are paper thin. Our  colleagues across the aisle unanimously supported Judge Gorsuch when he  was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals just 10 years ago.  He got everybody's vote. It was a voice vote. This was to the Tenth  Circuit Court of Appeals, a lifetime tenured position. All of them  agreed he  [[Page S2316]]  should be confirmed. Well, that includes then-Senator Obama, Senator  Clinton, and Senator Biden. So I would ask you, what has changed in the  last 10 years that now cause them to reach deep into their bag of  tricks and to filibuster this nominee for the Supreme Court? Well, it  is not his track record as a judge, that is for sure. As I mentioned,  of the 2,700 cases he has participated in, 97 percent were unanimous-- 97 percent.   One recent analysis put him in the middle of the circuit  ideologically speaking, and for a decade he has done good, fair work as  a judge on the Tenth Circuit--really outstanding work, to be honest.  That should tell you something about this judge and this man, but it  should also tell you something about the opponents of this nominee,  many of whom, like Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, as I mentioned,  supported his nomination just 10 years ago. The only thing that has  changed, the only thing that explains the radical shift of Democrats in  opposition to this good judge, is that now President Trump is in the  White House.   I honestly believe that every excuse they have come up with to engage  in this unprecedented filibuster is completely without merit. What they  are really upset about is what happened on November 8. I don't  believe--if they won't confirm Judge Gorsuch, they will never vote to  confirm any nominee of this President, period.   What we are talking about and all we are asking for is an up-or-down  vote. If they want to vote against the nomination, that is their right,  but, as everybody knows, to get to that, we first have to get 60 votes  to close off debate and then get to the majority up-or-down vote. But  they will not even allow us to move to a vote.   I hope our Democratic friends who are obstructing will reconsider. I  believe there are four Democrats who are going to join all of the  Republicans in voting to confirm this nominee, so he will enjoy  bipartisan support, as he should.   This judge is a faithful interpreter of the law. He believes in an  independent judiciary and enjoys support across the ideological  spectrum. He will be confirmed as the next Supreme Court justice, but  it is up to our Democratic friends to determine just how that occurs.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, the Senate has just restored itself to  an almost unbroken tradition of never filibustering judges.   We have actually restored the status quo before the administration of  President George W. Bush. It was during that administration when some  of our friends across the aisle, along with some of their liberal law  professor allies, dreamed up a way of blocking President George W.  Bush's judicial nominees, and that was by suggesting that 60 votes was  really the threshold for confirming judges, rather than the  constitutional requirement of a majority vote.   It has been a long journey back to the normal functioning of the  United States Senate, and it is amazing that it  [[Page S2391]]  has taken a nominee like Judge Gorsuch to bring us back to where we  were back around 2001.   We have been debating and discussing this nominee for a long time  now, and the opponents of Judge Gorsuch have tried time and time again  to raise objections to this outstanding nominee--a nomination that no  one in the Senate opposed 10 years ago when he was confirmed to a  position on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. They claimed he wasn't  mainstream enough. They said this was a seat that really should have  gone to Merrick Garland. They have even accused him of plagiarism. All  of these arguments have no merit whatsoever and really represent  desperate attempts to try to block this outstanding nominee. Their  claims were simply baseless, and that much became even clearer as folks  from across the political spectrum and newspapers from across the  country urged our Democratic colleagues to drop their pointless  filibuster and allow an up-or-down vote.   What also came to light is the type of man Judge Gorsuch is--a man of  integrity, a man of strong independence; in other words, exactly the  kind of person you would want to serve on the Supreme Court.   They even claimed that Judge Gorsuch went out of his way to side with  the big guy against the little guy, ignoring the fact that during his  10 years on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, where these judges sit  on multi-judge panels, he was part of the majority decision 99 percent  of the time, and 97 percent of those cases were unanimous in multi- judge panel decisions on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals--hardly  radical. It actually is a remarkable record of a consensus-builder,  someone who uses his great intellect, his education, and his training  to build consensus on a multi-judge court--exactly the kinds of skills  that are going to be so important for him to use on the Supreme Court  of the United States.   As I said, ultimately today was the culmination of years of  obstruction by our Democratic colleagues when it came to judicial  nominees.   When I came to the Senate in 2003, the Democratic strategy was well  underway to obstruct lower court judicial nominees from the George W.  Bush administration.   Later, in 2013, when there was a Democrat in the White House and it  suited them to do so, they decided to do away with the same tool they  used and went nuclear, lowering the threshold from 60 to 51 majority  vote for circuit court nominees and district court nominees.   It took a Gang of 14--7 Democrats and 7 Republicans--to try to work  through the differences back around the 2006 timeframe, which resulted  in half of President George W. Bush's nominees to the circuit court  getting confirmed and half not being confirmed. The standard was  adopted by the so-called Gang of 14 that only under extraordinary  circumstances would the filibuster be used, but that agreement expired  in 2013.   Well, the minority leader and his colleagues like to say that back  then it was necessary to restore a majority vote. He did that just last  Sunday. He said: ``Our Republican colleagues had been holding back on  just about all of so many lower-court judges, including the very  important DC circuit'' court, that they were forced to engage in the  nuclear option back in 2013. But the facts really belie what the  Democratic leader claimed in terms of the necessity of going nuclear  back then. In fact, prior to 2013, the Senate had confirmed more than  200 of President Obama's judicial nominees and it rejected just 2--more  than 200 confirmed, 2 rejected. That hardly rises to a level of extreme  obstruction or partisanship. That is a 99-percent confirmation rate for  President Obama.   So let's make it clear just how this began. It started with  Democratic obstruction under a Republican administration in 2001, and  it is been continuing now under a new Republican administration in  2017. So we really have come full circle to restore the status quo  before 2001, when our Democratic friends started down this path.   President Trump has, by all accounts, selected a judge with  impeccable qualifications and the highest integrity. Not one of our  Democratic colleagues has been able to offer a convincing argument  against him, and that is why several of our Democratic colleagues have  crossed the aisle to support his nomination, and I thank them for that.  I think more would join if they didn't fear retribution from the  radical elements in their own political party.   So today Republicans in the Chamber are following through on what we  said we would do. We said we would let the American people decide who  would select the next Supreme Court nominee and then we would vote to  confirm that nominee. The American people, on November 8, selected  President Trump. President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch. And  tomorrow we will confirm that nominee and deliver on that promise.   I yield the floor.   