 Mr. President, today the Senate is voting to confirm  Gregory Katsas to serve as U.S. circuit judge for the District of  Columbia Circuit. Mr. Katsas's 28-year legal career has prepared him  well to serve as a Federal judge. His nomination has garnered  widespread support in the legal community.   Mr. Katsas graduated with his A.B. from Princeton University in 1986  and from Harvard Law School in 1989. After graduating from Harvard Law  School, Mr. Katsas clerked for Judge Edward Becker on the Third Circuit  Court of Appeals and for Justice Clarence Thomas on the DC Circuit and  on the U.S. Supreme Court. Following his clerkships, Mr. Katsas joined  the DC office of Jones Day, where he worked in the issues and appeals  section of their litigation group.   From to 2001 to 2006, Mr. Katsas served as a Deputy Assistant  Attorney General for the Civil Division at the Department of Justice,  where he argued, briefed, and supervised a number of significant  appeals handled by the Federal Government. He then served as the  Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General from 2006 to 2008 and the  Acting Associate Attorney General from 2007 to 2008. In 2007, President  Bush nominated Mr. Katsas to serve as the Assistant Attorney General  for the Civil Division at the Department of Justice. The Senate  confirmed him by voice vote in 2008, and he served in that role until  the end of the Bush administration.   Mr. Katsas rejoined Jones Day as a partner in 2009, where he handled  many important litigation matters. In January of this year, Mr. Katsas  again left the private sector to serve the President as deputy counsel  in the White House Counsel's office.   One only has to look at his professional record to understand how  eminently qualified Mr. Katsas is to serve as a Federal appellate  judge. Over the course of 28 years, Mr. Katsas has briefed hundreds of  cases and argued more than 75 appeals, including three cases in the  Supreme Court and 13 cases in the DC Circuit, the court to which he is  nominated.   I am pleased to support Mr. Katsas's nomination, and I urge my  colleagues to vote for his confirmation.   