 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding  to me.   Mr. Chairman, I, first of all, thank Chairwoman Granger. This is her  first time leading the Defense Appropriations bill on the floor. She  has done so under very difficult circumstances, with a steadfast  commitment to maintaining the tradition of cooperative bipartisanship  on our subcommittee, maintaining transparency, and taking a thoughtful  approach to solving problems.   Mr. Chairman, I would also like to express my immense gratitude to  Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, the members of our  subcommittee, and our exceptional staff for all of their hard work.   Mr. Chairman, we have a duty to provide predictable and timely  appropriations to the Department of Defense and the rest of the Federal  Government. This is a consistent request by our senior Defense leaders.  However, the House bills exceed the cap of fiscal year 2018 defense  spending established under the Budget Control Act of 2011 by $72.5  billion.   If enacted as written and the budget control caps remain in place,  the Department of Defense would face a sequestration of roughly 13  percent. The Department has still not recovered from the rash of  problems caused the last time it was forced to deal with sequestration  in 2013. In the second half of that fiscal year, the Department savaged  its operations and maintenance accounts to continue ongoing contingency  operations and to protect military personnel accounts. This resulted in  the Navy idling an aircraft carrier at a pier in Norfolk, the Army  canceling training rotations, and the Air Force reducing flight times  for its combat aircraft, and widespread civilian furloughs. We simply  cannot allow that to happen again in fiscal year 2018.   We have avoided sequestration in the last 4 fiscal years by adjusting  the budget caps for both defense and nondefense appropriations. Those  modest adjustments, done in a bipartisan and bicameral fashion,  provided needed funding for our military, but also for our country's  economic and physical infrastructure, scientific research, public  health systems, and veterans' care.   Besides my frustration with the process, I have concerns about the  significant increase in funding that this bill will provide to the  Department: $60 billion more than last year and $29 billion more than  requested by the administration.   I support providing additional funds to the Department, as I believe  we are asking too much of our brave servicemembers and their families,  but, putting it mildly, the world is also an unsettled place and not  trending towards stability. But that being said, I believe that the  Department will have great difficulty spending so many additional  dollars in a timely and efficient manner.   Vacancies continue in important leadership positions. Hiring  restrictions on civilian employees and a handful of ongoing strategic  reviews will all slow the decisionmaking process. It is also unlikely  that Congress will complete its work in a timely manner by October 1,  and that any dollars provided will have to be spent in a compressed  time period.   Additionally, I am not convinced that the administration evaluates  dollars being spent on the military with the same criteria as it does  with the rest of the Federal Government.   In the Office of Management and Budget's Major Savings and Reform  document for fiscal year 2018, it was a page-turner. With 150 proposals  to allegedly save billions in discretionary programs, there was only  one recommendation in 150--one--for the Department of Defense, with a  potential to save only $2 billion by 2027. With a budget of roughly  $600 billion a year, representing nearly half the discretionary  spending, it is beyond the pale that OMB could only come up with a  single savings point for the Department of Defense.   One final point is that I am highly disappointed that the Republican  leadership has watered down language during committee markup regarding  the Authorization for Use of Military Force. Representative Barbara  Lee's language would have established an eminently reasonable approach  to updating 2001 legislation in authorization.   Congress must stop hiding from the debate, and carry out its  constitutional responsibilities to support our troops in uniform and  the civilian support staff that helps them out.   Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would like, again, simply to reiterate my  thanks to the members of our subcommittee and committee, and for our  sterling staff who have done a superb job under the most difficult  circumstances that I could imagine.  [[Page H6368]]        