 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, 60 years ago today, all eyes were on South Park Street  that fronts the beautiful facade of Central High School in Little Rock,  Arkansas. Just days before, Arkansas Governor Orval Faubus had called  out the National Guard to prevent nine Black students from entering the  school on September 4. Central High and its beautiful neighborhood had  become ground zero in the march to end the five-decade legacy of Plessy  v. Ferguson, ``separate but equal,'' to bring it to reality.   Now, just over 3 years after the Brown decision, it was time for  action. In a few days, on the 25th of this month, we will celebrate the  successful integration of Central High School, when the Little Rock  Nine entered the school escorted by the troops of the 101st Airborne.   It is fitting today, Mr. Speaker, that we pay tribute to the Little  Rock Nine, their defenders, and the successful end to separate but  equal. We recognize this important milestone today on this House floor  by passing a bill on the suspension calendar that expands the park  boundary of the national historic site at Little Rock Central High  School. This is a historic and important touchstone for all of those  modern-day history travelers retracing the steps of the civil rights  movement.   The Little Rock National Historic Site Visitor Center was opened in  2007 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the integration of  Central High. Today's measure, H.R. 2611, is a simple one: extending  the park boundaries to take in the houses that fronted the school along  beautiful South Park Street so that future generations will be able to  picture this tranquil street, an architecturally significant facade of  Central High, and reflect back on those 21 days of trauma in September  1957.   I thank my colleague who is in our Chamber today, civil rights  pioneer and courageous actor John Lewis, for his cosponsorship.   I thank our majority leader, Chairman Bishop, and the Natural  Resources Committee for their expeditious treatment of this important  measure, and I salute Senator Cotton for his leadership in advancing  this important legislation in the United States Senate.   I look forward to President Trump signing this bill and again  recognizing that we have to embrace our past and learn from our  history.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   