 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, thousands of New Yorkers and  other Americans learned that they were ineligible for FEMA assistance  because of the type of home in which they lived. Families who lived in  condos were eligible for assistance for their individual units, but  could not get any assistance to repair ground floor entryways, boilers,  or other common areas. Those who lived in cooperative housing, or co- ops, were ineligible for any disaster assistance to repair the walls or  floors of their units, let alone their common areas.   This was not a small problem for my constituents. In the storm surge  area in New York, nearly 20 percent of housing units are in co-op  buildings and an additional 8 percent are in condominiums.   Seniors in high-rise condo buildings were able to get assistance to  repair their floors and repaint their floors, but nothing to fix the  elevators they needed to reach their units. Families in co-ops could  replace their furnishings and make some repairs, but the halls of the  buildings remained covered with mold and uninhabitable. Almost every  district in the country has condos, and homeowners in these condo  communities will continue to face the same terrible realization that  FEMA can give them no help in the wake of new disasters.   Community associations, or common interest communities, around the  country have experienced similar roadblocks when they seek FEMA  disaster assistance. Many of these associations own and operate their  own roads, canals, bridges, and water systems. In the aftermath of a  disaster, however, they are not eligible for FEMA assistance for basic  essential government services, such as removing trees and debris from  communal roads. Residents cannot get out of their neighborhoods and  emergency vehicles cannot get in.   This bill would address these eligibility problems in two ways:   First, it would direct FEMA to provide common interest communities  with technical assistance to identify options for public assistance  eligibility. Many of these communities are unaware that they could  already be eligible for assistance if, prior to a disaster, they  entered into agreements with their local governments on issues like  debris removal.   Second, my colleagues and I have communicated several times with FEMA  about the issue of condo and co-op eligibility for disaster assistance.  FEMA has studied this issue for several years, and this bill directs  FEMA to take the next step in this process by providing the House and  Senate committees legislative proposals to address these issues and to  make condos and co-ops eligible for disaster assistance.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio  for bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor today, and I  thank Mr. Sanford and Mr. Engel for cosponsoring it.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   