 Mr. Speaker, today, Congress will have an opportunity to  vote on legislation that will bolster protections for whistleblowing  patriots, while vastly improving care for veterans at the VA.   The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act is the product  of hundreds of hours of Congressional hearings, meetings with  stakeholders, and hard work by dozens of lawmakers here in Washington,  to make sure that the tragic abuse that Dr. Kirkpatrick faced will  never happen again.   As some of you may know, Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick was a clinical  psychologist at the VA in Tomah, WI. He was a veteran, a graduate of  Northwestern University, and a caring individual who dedicated his  career to providing innovative treatments for veterans suffering from  PTSD. Most notably, he created a yoga program to help vets at the VA in  Chicago. He was known to be very well-liked by the patients he served.   In 2009, Dr. Kirkpatrick expressed concerns that his patients were  being heavily overmedicated. It became so bad, he said, that he was  unable to properly do his job. He wanted to do what was right for  veterans, and as a veteran himself, he couldn't stand to see how  careless some of the VA staff were being with high levels of dangerous  medications.   Unfortunately, instead of looking into Dr. Kirkpatrick's claims, the  facility's chief of staff told him to mind his own business, and to  instead focus on his own work. Shortly thereafter, Dr. Kirkpatrick was  called to a disciplinary meeting and given a written reprimand.   This type of retaliation went on for months.   Then, in July, Dr. Kirkpatrick complained again that a dangerous  veteran had not been properly discharged, despite recommendations from  a treatment team. A week after making the complaint, Dr. Kirkpatrick  was fired from the VA.   He was devastated. He begged for an opportunity to stay, and  expressed concerns that he had been given too many complex cases, and  that the emotional toll was too high. Again, his concerns were ignored.   That night, Dr. Kirkpatrick wrote a note to his girlfriend in  Chicago, another to the kennel he wanted to take care of his dog, and  one final note for the mailman. It read: ``Please call 911--tell them  to go to red barn building.''   He had taken his own life. He was 38 years old.   Dr. Kirkpatrick's death was the product of a broken system--a system  that encourages retaliation against whistleblowers, while ignoring the  underlying causes of their concerns.   If Dr. Kirkpatrick's death wasn't tragic enough, a subsequent  investigation at the VA found that a patient had died from ``mixed drug  toxicity'', and that Dr. Kirkpatrick's concerns were completely  warranted.   Not only did whistleblower retaliation cost Dr. Kirkpatrick his life,  it cost the life of a patient as well.   That's why I urge you all to vote yes on the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick  Whistleblower Protection Act.   A yes vote means that VA personnel will no longer be able to access a  whistleblower's medical records as means of discrediting them, which a  separate investigation found happens far too often.   A yes vote means that federal agencies have to notify the Office of  Special Counsel when a suicide takes place.   A yes means clear disciplinary actions for supervisors who retaliate  against whistleblowers, training for supervisors on how to properly  respond, and a requirement that employees are made aware of the mental  health services at their disposal.   A yes vote also means keeping upholding normal burdens of proof to  strengthen protections for employees. This legislation calls for the  Inspector General, Office of Special Counsel, or a Merit Systems  Protection Board Administrative Judge to ``determine'' that a  supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action, meaning through  the normal preponderance of the evidence for any other disciplinary  action under Chapter 75 of title 5. This does not mean some arbitrary  process for some bureaucrat to create later on.   I want to be clear: this legislation strengthens protections for  patriots--for those who are trying to do the right thing. For those who  care about veterans and their safety. And for folks like Dr.  Kirkpatrick, so that no one ever has to go through what he went  through.   