 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to lend  my voice to an important piece of legislation. First, like others, I  want to thank everybody who has worked very hard on this legislation. I  know it is a matter of passion for many Members on both sides of the  aisle in solving this problem for consumers.   One thing I am constantly asked about in the district is: In a  democracy, why does it seem that the bureaucracy is in charge?   We keep coming back to this very same question with many pieces of  legislation here in the House. I am excited that we are going to  resolve some of that with this piece of legislation.   As was talked about earlier, what has been going on is that someone  can be excluded from the U.S. Federal banking system simply because  they are in an industry that might not have the best reputation. They  can be excluded from the Federal banking system. This is not something  that we take lightly. It is something that is very serious that we talk  about in terms of sanctioning North Korea, sanctioning Iran, and now we  are excluding U.S. businesses simply because they may be operating in a  certain industry instead of because of the activities that individual  business or that individual is actually in.   So this bill is really about looking, as my friend, Mr. Heck, said,  to the individual business and to the individual themselves and saying  whether they pose a national security risk, not painting with a broad  brush because of the desire of some in bureaucracy to exclude certain  industries from the banking system.   What Hoosiers talk about back home is how tired they are of electing  officials only to see bureaucracy drive their own agenda forward, not  the people's agenda forward. With this piece of legislation, we are  rolling some of it back and enabling those bureaucrats to provide an  annual list to Congress of the accounts that they have closed and why  they have been closed. It is that level of transparency and  accountability that a democracy demands.   I am excited to stand with so many other members of the House  Financial Services Committee and with so many Members, I hope, later  today on the House floor and say that we will deliver that  transparency.   