 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 58, which  would gut States' teacher preparedness programs.   This rollback is just one of many attempts by Republicans to  dismantle the Department of Education by stripping its oversight and  enforcement authority. The Trump administration has already made it  clear its lack of regard for public education by picking an unqualified  nominee to head the Department, and congressional Republicans are  falling right in line by attempting to remove important rules to  improve teacher preparedness.   This rule came into place as part of the bipartisan reauthorization  of the Higher Education Act. The reauthorization brought consensus  measures to improve teacher training. But given the opportunity,  Republicans are willing to forego public education all together by  using the CRA to prevent the Department from overseeing State-led  initiatives. And there is the crux of it. These initiatives are State- led and allow great levels of flexibility, provisions that Republicans  championed during reauthorization. Now, they want to take advantage of  an obscure congressional provision, used only once in our history prior  to this Congress. This will tie the hands of future administrations  from improving the transparency and quality of teacher preparedness  programs.   If Republicans are happy with the rule and want to change it to  improve the quality of education, this administration should use  existing administrative tools to amend and revise the regulation. But  that is not what this is about. This is about dismantling our public  education system. Congressional Republicans want blanket deregulation  of Federal education programs in order to allow States to ignore laws  intended to protect disadvantaged students.   I invite my Republican colleagues to bring forth a plan that improves  rules protecting our students, not to dismantle them. But this is  simply not the way. I implore my colleagues to abandon this backdoor  workaround and to work in a bipartisan fashion, like we did when  Congress reauthorized the HEA, to develop ways in which we can improve  public education for all of our children.    Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in strong opposition  to H.J. Res. 57. Not only is the rollback of these substantive measures  incredibly detrimental, but the process by which my Republican  colleagues are facilitating their actions is, quite simply, wrong. This  regulation is a product of months of work to come to a consensus on  what is best for all of our students.   Mr. Speaker, the Every Student Succeeds Act received strong  bipartisan support, and it received bicameral support when it passed  when 359 Members of the House and 85 Senators voted in favor of this  legislation. In fact, Senator Lamar Alexander, who serves as chairman  of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, said  back then that this bill was truly a Christmas miracle for American  children. However, just weeks into this administration, Republicans,  for purely political reasons and for political purposes, are actively  working to strip States and districts of the stability and clarity they  need to implement this law.   Approximately 50 million children attend public schools in the United  States. About 1.1 million of those students are in New York City Public  Schools. I think everyone agrees that we should be doing all we can do  to help and prepare our students, but this resolution does the exact  opposite. This regulation provides important guidance to ensure the  students are college and career ready. It helps schools identify  subgroups of students in need of additional academic support and help.   Dismantling this regulation will disrupt ways in which information  used to measure school performance and resource equity is reported,  ultimately resulting in our parents, teachers, and policymakers not  being equipped with the necessary data to make important decisions.    Further, rolling back this regulation directly targets  inner-city public schools and shows, at best, indifference to our  Nation's most vulnerable students. It will leave students-- specifically, low-income minority students and English-language  learners--without the protections and support intended by Congress.   I, of all people, understand this important measure to look out for  students with special English-language needs, coming from a low-income  immigrant family, and I implore my Republican colleagues to reconsider  this troublesome action.   