 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mrs. Walorski doing an  outstanding job with this bill. The chairman and the ranking member are  champions of veterans.   Again, I rise today in support of H.R. 467, the VA Scheduling  Accountability Act, because all veterans deserve timely access to  quality health care.   In 2014, the House Veterans' Affairs Committee uncovered the use of  unauthorized waiting lists at the Phoenix VA healthcare system in  Phoenix, Arizona. As a result of these waiting lists, no less than 40  veterans died while waiting for care.   This is unacceptable. It is heartbreaking and completely, as I said,  unacceptable. These are true American heroes, and we cannot allow  something like this to ever happen again.   Our investigations found that noncompliance with the VA's scheduling  [[Page H4468]]  policies was a widespread and systematic problem. This bill today  requires that all VA medical center directors certify each year that  their facility is in compliance with the scheduling directive. If a VA  medical center is found noncompliant, H.R. 476 will hold those leaders  accountable.   Our bill makes certain that those who fail in their duty to serve our  veterans will not be receiving bonuses or awards anytime soon. Lack of  oversight, lack of accountability, and lack of transparency led to the  2014 wait-times crisis. The VA Scheduling Accountability Act will help  ensure those mistakes are not repeated, and improve access to timely  care for our Nation's heroes.   Again, I thank the sponsor of the bill, Mrs. Walorski. It is one of  the most important bills that we will pass this year, in my opinion,  and I urge its passage.    Mr. Speaker, this truly is a bipartisan committee  under the able leadership of Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz.   Again, I am proud to serve on this committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1329, the Veterans'  Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act. Passage of this bill gives  our Nation's veterans the same cost-of-living adjustment as those  receiving benefits through Social Security.   These brave men and women have sacrificed so much for the freedoms  and liberties we enjoy on a daily basis. As a grateful nation, we must  ensure that those who put themselves in harm's way are able to receive  the benefits they have earned and deserve. Providing for our Nation's  true American heroes is not a partisan issue, but simply the right  thing to do.   Mr. Speaker, approximately 1.6 million veterans reside in the great  State of Florida, where so many veterans call home after serving in the  military. As vice chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I  am so very proud that Florida is considered one of the most veteran  friendly States across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Representative Mike Bost  from Indiana, for introducing this very important piece of legislation.   As a cosponsor of H.R. 1329, I urge all of my colleagues to support  our Nation's heroes and pass the Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living  Adjustment Act.   