 Mr. President, there is a reason we are talking about  healthcare, and we should be talking about healthcare. We should be  looking for the gaps and trying to find those gaps. I had a long  conversation this morning about people who have disabilities, adults  who have disabilities, and the challenges they have always faced in the  insurance marketplace. They are people like Dan and Lidia who have a  hard time working or are unable to have a full-time job, who may be  covered by insurance through their parents until they are too old, or  they may not be covered because their parents aren't covered. But  normally, if that has been the case, where you were able to share  whatever coverage your parents had--and certainly this is an area we  should work on, how we deal with those who are disadvantaged. On the  Medicaid front, our goal should be to look at the House bill and make  it better.   The people who were added to Medicaid under President Obama's  healthcare plan, decided by the States--the very group who my friend  from Maine said shouldn't be making these kinds of decisions--the  States made these decisions because it was left to them to make them.  And they weren't children and they weren't old people; they were single  adults who traditionally had not been covered by Medicaid. We can talk  all we want to about how these cuts are going to affect children and  old people, but that is not who would be affected.   There is a debate the States have already had. Some States added  single adults for the first time, and others didn't. Many States  believe they can make those decisions better in their own States, to  have a healthcare home where somebody has a doctor they could go to.  Having coverage doesn't matter if you can't get access to healthcare.  Our debate here should be about access to healthcare, and it should be  about people who, because of ObamaCare, are having problems with access  to healthcare.   President Obama promised that the new plan would bend the cost curve.  He said it would bend the cost curve and bring healthcare costs down. I  think the topic he was discussing was healthcare coverage costs coming  down by $2,500 for the typical family. The cost curve got bent all  right, but it didn't get bent down, it got bent up. In our State, just  last year in Missouri, 25 percent was the average increase from one  year to the next. The individual policies in many of our counties--84  percent have only one insurance company that is willing to offer a  plan. That should tell us something right there about whether the  exchange idea worked, the way it was put together. It is clearly not  working.   We can continue to move forward and act as though that doesn't  matter, but it matters a lot. We have 114 counties and the city of St.  Louis, and our constitution functions as if it were a county. One- hundred and fifteen of those entities, the county-like entities--97 of  them have only 1 company willing to offer insurance. In all of them,  the average increase statewide was 25 percent 1 year over the next, and  that is just 1 year, and it is not even next year. Every estimate says  that those individual policies will go up even more next year than they  did last year.   We can continue to act as though this system is working and not do  anything about it, or we can do something about it.   When ObamaCare was implemented, I came to the floor almost every week  for the first year to share story after story of people and families  who were affected, who couldn't have the kind of healthcare or the kind  of coverage--either one--they had before, and I could share those same  stories now. I will share a couple of them today. They haven't stopped  coming in. Many people have just decided: We are never going to have  the doctors we used to have. We are never going to have the insurance  policy we used to have. The government has failed us.   They had a policy on which they were paying maybe a third of what  they are paying now and which had higher coverage. But after a while,  you quit complaining and understand that your government has actually  come up with a system that--for your family, at least--was worse than  the system they had.   We talk about cancellation notices being sent out by the thousands.  Thousands of families and thousands of individuals got cancellation  notices. Last year President Clinton, while campaigning for his wife  for President, said: What a crazy system. The costs keep going up, and  the coverage keeps going down.   There is clearly something wrong here. We need to do something about  it. We should be working together to do something about it.   When I am home and talking to people about this or when people  contact our office about this, they just continue to say over and over  again that this has gotten worse. Now, we get some calls--and I am glad  to get them--where people say: We want to be sure that you understand  what happens to individuals like the two people my friend from Maine  mentioned. And we are looking for ways to be sure they don't get left  out. But let me tell you some of the people who have been left out.   Thomas and Kathy, a married couple from Kansas City, told me that  their out-of-pocket costs have jumped from $2,700 in 2014--that was the  first year of this healthcare plan--to $5,000 in 2017. In addition,  their copays have increased--in their case, they appear to be lucky--by  only 20 or 30 percent.   They are not by themselves. Tony, an insurance broker in Northwest  Missouri, recently told me about a client who was shopping for  coverage. The client realized that the only plan she could afford would  force her to spend, for herself, almost $5,000 a year in insurance  premiums on top of having another $5,000 deductible before that  insurance she would be paying for every month would do any good. She  said she would be spending almost $10,000 without receiving anything,  and it made absolutely no sense. Well, her insurance broker couldn't  help but agreed with her that in her case it didn't make much sense,  and I think all of us can see why it might not.   Yesterday at a press event here in the Capitol, I mentioned a farmer  who called and said she had a $12,000 deductible for her family and she  was paying $16,000 in annual premiums. So in her case, she could pay  $28,000 before she had any coverage at all, and that $28,000 was  money--she could be paying  [[Page S2988]]  $12,000 of it just for access to see a doctor because her insurance  company didn't help with that.   One final story I would like to share is from Rob, a small business  owner in St. Joseph who pays half of his employees' medical, and his  costs keep going up. His agent walks in every year, he told me, and  says: Well, this year it went up 9 percent.   He said: That might have been acceptable, except it also went up 9  percent last year and 11 percent the year before that, and it was 9  percent the year before that.   Many of the losses in the individual market are being shifted to try  to make the insurance market make up for what is happening on the  individual side.   Year over year, we see premium increases, skyrocketing deductibles,  and higher out-of-pocket costs. That is the status quo under what we  have now, and it is unacceptable. That is why Republicans have made  clear that we are going to move forward to solutions that will address  some of the major issues in our healthcare system and look for ways to  bring down costs and expand access to quality, affordable coverage, but  more importantly, quality, affordable care.   I urge my colleagues to work with us and join in this effort to help  us find solutions to be sure we don't leave people out who shouldn't be  left out but that we also make access to healthcare more possible for  more families and more individuals than it is today.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   