 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I did not get a chance to hear the  distinguished Democratic leader's remarks, for Chairman Hatch and I  were in the Senate Finance Committee. We managed to pass, by an  overwhelming bipartisan vote, the Children's Health Insurance Program-- a vital program for 9 million kids. So that is a bit of good news in  that this important piece of legislation is advancing. I do know that  the Democratic leader touched on a number of very important issues,  particularly some of these comments that have been made by top advisers  to the President with respect to taxes.   I am struck by the fact that Mr. Gary Cohn, the President's top  economic adviser, said last week that middle-class folks were going to  get $1,000 in tax relief--set aside the fact that that does not look to  be true for a number of middle-class folks who have kids. I am also  struck by the comment that followed. Mr. Cohn said that not only are  middle-class families going to get $1,000 worth of tax relief but that  they would be able to go buy cars or remodel their kitchens. You just  think to yourself, with that kind of tax cut, that you would be buying  a very small car or remodeling a very small kitchen. The fact is, that  is not, in my view, a comment that reflects a real understanding of  what middle-class folks in America are going through. I don't see very  many of them buying cars for $1,000 or remodeling their kitchens for  $1,000.   That comment was accompanied by the comments of Treasury Secretary  Steve Mnuchin, who not only said a couple of days ago that tax cuts  would pay for themselves--a statement that was contradicted by  Republican economists yesterday in the Senate Finance Committee--but  that there would be something like $1 trillion left over. Mr. Mnuchin  continues to make the case that there is somehow a magical growth fairy  here in the American economy that nobody else knows about, including  Republican economists.   I am one who believes that behavior does matter, and I am going to  talk about a bipartisan approach to taxes in a minute--a responsible,  bipartisan approach to taxes, not one that helps the 1 percent or  creates a huge new deficit or that kind of thing. I think that you will  generate some revenue, and Doug Elmendorf said that when he was the  head of the Budget Office, but it is not going to generate hundreds and  hundreds of billions of dollars, as in the case of what Mr. Mnuchin is  talking about, which is something like $2 trillion. There is no  economic support for that.   You have the President's economic team and his top advisers trying to  defend the indefensible, and I will go into that more a little bit  later today.   Right now, I think it is important that we have a response that I am  going to deliver to the distinguished majority whip, who is a member of  the Finance Committee, who made some comparisons between the Republican  plan and the bipartisan legislation that I wrote--after months and  months of hard work--with two of our former Republican colleagues,  Senator Gregg and Senator Coats. Senator Coats is now a member of  President Trump's Cabinet.   The comparison that somehow the Republican plan is like the  bipartisan approach that I wrote--these extreme ideas in the Republican  plan--is not just a bit of a stretch or a little off base; there is  absolutely no comparison--none--between the bipartisan proposal and the  extreme Republican plan. The distinguished majority whip, in my view,  offered a complete and total misrepresentation of what the two  proposals are all about, and I am going to illustrate this in two  ways--first, with respect to the policy.   The Republican tax cut framework green-lights the entire wish list  for major multinational corporations and the wealthy. There is a  massive corporate tax cut that overwhelmingly benefits shareholders.  When it comes to international taxes, there is a pure territorial  system with barely a nod to  [[Page S6297]]  the kind of tough rules that are needed to protect workers and the  middle-class folks in the center of our tax base.   There is, in the Republican plan, a brand-new passthrough loophole.  It is as big as the Grand Canyon. It is the Grand Canyon of loopholes  in the Republican tax proposal, which invites tax cheats to skip out  from paying their fair share to Social Security and Medicare.   The Republican plan eliminates the estate tax, which today only  touches estates worth more than $11 million or $5.5 million for a  single individual. The top rate goes down, and the bottom income tax  rate goes up. When doing the math on what the Republicans have on  offer, we are looking at upwards of $4, $5, $6, or $7 trillion in tax  giveaways to the most fortunate.   It is a different story under the Republican proposal if you are  middle class. You probably have a lot of unanswered questions. All you  know right now is that it virtually guarantees that, in order to pay  for the giveaways to the wealthy and corporations, current middle-class  tax breaks are going to be on the chopping block--the personal  exemption, incentives for retirement savings, education, and home  ownership, to name just a few. From everything we know, when you set up  these kinds of extreme approaches, when you raise the parts of the Tax  Code that are a giveaway to those at the top, what you see is the  middle class getting hurt.   Instead of tripling the standard deduction, which is what we did in  our bipartisan bill, the Trump people double it, but then they take  away the personal exemptions for working-class folks. So unlike our  proposal, where the middle class can count on hundreds and hundreds of  dollars in their paycheck when you triple the standard deduction, under  the Republican proposal, they give it with one hand by doubling the  standard deduction and take it away with the other hand by eliminating  the personal exemption. So you have a very stark difference between the  bipartisan proposal that I offered with Senator Coats, a member of the  President's Cabinet, and what the Republican extreme plan is all about.   The bottom line is that the Republican plan seeks to raise those  parts of our Tax Code that are all about the middle class, and they are  doing it to pay for the giveaways for those folks at the top. That is  not what we did in the bipartisan plan at all. Any middle-class person  can sit at their kitchen table and look at the bipartisan plan that I  was involved with and see how the middle class wins. They get hundreds  and hundreds of dollars more in every paycheck by tripling the standard  deduction, and they can see how they as middle-class folks--say, who  make $70,000 and have a couple of children--lose under the Trump  proposal.   Now there are other differences between our bipartisan plan and what  the Big 6 and the Trump administration want. The bipartisan plan was  scored as revenue neutral by authoritative independent tax experts. It  made the Tax Code more progressive. The fact is, what we offered-- Senator Coats, Senator Gregg, and I--was an actual bill. It was the  product of weeks and months of work.   Senator Gregg and I--and I think it is fair to say that all Senators  may not be aware of this, but Senator Gregg was a top economic thinker  with whom the majority leader consulted--sat next to each other for  months in order to put together what is still the first and only  comprehensive Federal bipartisan tax reform plan since 1986. It was an  actual bill. It wasn't four pages of rhetoric.   In the spring we got one page. It was shorter than your typical  drugstore receipt. Now I guess we are up to four pages, when you take  out all this kind of white space. Our bill was an actual bill and was  designed to give everybody in America a chance to get ahead, not just  those in the 1 percent, not just those who have real clout and power.   I have always said that this is the heart of the difference. We have  two Tax Codes in America. We have one for the cops and the nurses. It  is compulsory. Their taxes come right out of their paychecks--no Cayman  Islands deal for them. Then we have another Tax Code for the high  flyers--the fortunate and well-connected. They can pretty much pay what  they want when they want to. The bipartisan proposal that I wrote with  Senator Gregg and Senator Coats helps the first group, the cops and  nurses, but it was also fair to everybody. It gave everybody a chance  to get ahead. The Republican plan is another big gift to that second  group, the group that can decide what they are going to pay in taxes  and when they are going to pay it. So we really couldn't have two  proposals that are more different.   The fact is, the Republican framework looks less like a real effort  at tax reform than a shameless attempt, in effect, to accommodate the  President's boast about the biggest tax cut ever. The bottom line is  that it is a giveaway to those at the top, and it robs from the middle  class.    The differences don't just end with these specifics that I have  described here. We took a fundamentally different approach. With  Senator Gregg and Senator Coats, we were digging into the cobwebs of  every dark corner of the Tax Code. We brought together principles on  which both sides had to find common ground with a lot of sweat equity.   If you are going to write a partisan bill, you can go off on your own  and do your thing. The fact is, if Senators Gregg, Coats, and I had  written separate bills on our own, they would have looked very  different, but the bill we wrote together, starting with Senator Gregg  and I, was the first comprehensive bipartisan tax proposal in a quarter  century. Senator Coats, to his credit, did yeoman's work in updating  it. There is no comparison from a process standpoint between that  bipartisan work that was done to update the system of more than a  quarter century ago and the Republican tax cut framework.   The majority leader said from day one, at the beginning of the year,  that he didn't want Democratic input on tax reform. He said: We are  just going to do it on the ``our way or the highway'' approach with  reconciliation. Reconciliation is a rejection of bipartisanship through  and through.   I note that the Presiding Officer is the tallest Member of the  Senate, along with Senator Strange, and I talked fairly frequently with  our former colleague Senator Bradley, who was another tall Democrat on  the Finance Committee with a much better jump shot than me. He has  described the bipartisan efforts of 1986, with key officials in  President Reagan's administration, Jim Baker and Don Regan, who spent  months talking to Democrats--months and months--before anything  happened. That is not what happened here. The specifics are very  different, and the process is very different.   Recently, my Democratic colleagues and I came forward with our  principles for reform, and it was just a matter of a few hours before  Leader McConnell rejected them in the media. One administration  official actually said that tax reform would be worse if it included  Democratic ideas, and the ``go it alone'' mentality is pretty obvious  when you look at the framework that came out last week.   The tough questions haven't been answered. For those at the top, it  is all sweet and no sour. There was not a single shred of Democratic  input in the framework--not one Democratic fingerprint anywhere to be  found. The administration officials in charge of selling it to the  public are, in my view, executing a con job on the middle class.   So I wanted to come here today to highlight some of the recent  comments that the Senate Democratic leader has made with respect to  some of these out-of-touch comments we have heard recently from key  administration officials, like Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin, and I  wanted to make sure that Senators heard--after the comments of the  Senate Republican whip--that they now know that there is no comparison,  none, between the bipartisan proposal that I had the honor to write  with Senators Coats and Gregg, which brought the two parties together,  and the framework that came out last week that forced even more  polarization between the parties. The reality is that this Republican  proposal, this tax cut framework, is so radically skewed toward the  wealthy and the big corporations, that it makes Ronald Reagan's  landmark reform look like the work of rabid socialists.  [[Page S6298]]    So I appreciate the chance to set the record straight by outlining  the differences between a recent bipartisan bill with two influential  Republican Senators with whom I had the honor to work and the extreme  Republican framework that came out last week. These plans are not just  trillions of dollars apart based on the numbers. It is clear they are  written with entirely different goals in mind.   Our view is that tax reform ought to be about giving everybody in  America the opportunity to get ahead. What we have said is that,  instead of it being an ``our way or the highway'' partisan approach, we  ought to be doing--particularly in the area of tax reform--what has a  storied history. The key to a successful tax reform, based on that  history, is working in a bipartisan way.   I will close with the comments about the Democratic principles, which  is that we are not going to give relief to the people at the 1 percent,  we are not going to break the bank, and we are going to focus on the  middle class. Those principles don't even go as far as ideas advanced  by President Reagan, where he said that we are going to treat income  from a wage and income from investment in the same way.   I close by way of saying this. No. 1, the distinguished Republican  whip is wrong when he compares the bipartisan bill I have been a part  of to what the administration's tax framework is all about. No. 2, the  right way to do this is to focus in a bipartisan way, not through  partisanship only. The principles that we have outlined on our side,  when you compare them, do not even go as far as some of the ideas  embraced by the late President Reagan.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate  Finance Committee, I followed the Senator's comments with respect to  taxes and the debate over tax reform  [[Page S6306]]  with considerable interest. I will just tell you, my goodness, how I  wish we could have what the Senator called an uninhibited process with  respect to the debate over tax reform. I have written an actual  bipartisan tax reform bill with our colleague who is now part of the  Trump administration, Senator Coats.   Unfortunately, what our colleague laudably called for is not on  offer. The Senate majority leader has said that he intends to use  reconciliation--the most partisan process for considering tax reform.  When we were talking about healthcare, which is one-sixth of the  economy, we had the same process--reconciliation, all partisan. Now we  are talking about taxes that involve the whole economy, and we are  seeing the Senate majority leader say once again that it is his intent,  his preference, and his plan to use that same process. I sure wish the  world was like my colleague has called for because I have written a  bipartisan plan.   What is so striking is that the Senate majority leader has called for  20 hours of discussion, which is essentially what you get with  reconciliation, as opposed to what happened when Ronald Reagan and a  big group of Democrats got together in 1986 and spent a whole month on  tax reform.   So before the Senator leaves--and it is a pleasure to serve with him  on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence as well--I sure wish the  world was along the lines of what my colleague has called for. Perhaps  he can use his intellect and energy to persuade the Senate majority  leader to use that process on taxes because that is what some Democrats  have called for.   I can just tell my friend, given my interest in the subject, which  goes back well over a decade--we have a bipartisan proposal written,  coauthored by a member of the President's Cabinet, so we would very  much like to have what the Senator is talking about.   Madam President, I rise now to oppose the nomination of Eric Hargan  to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.  This is the No. 2 position at HHS, the chief operating officer. Of  course, with Secretary Price's departure, Mr. Hargan would fill the top  spot if he is confirmed.   My concern is that I don't have any confidence that Mr. Hargan is  going to lead the Department in a different direction than it took  under Dr. Price. Last week, the country watched as more and more  details emerged about Secretary Price's travel. In my view, the flights  were an abuse of office.   In my view, from the very outset, there was reason to be concerned  about Secretary Price and how he would handle the public trust. Ever  since our committee received the Price nomination, it was clear that he  had a little trouble following the rules when it served his own  personal interests rather than taxpayers. He used insider information  from a fellow Congressman to get a sweetheart stock deal that made him  hundreds of thousands of dollars. He frequently bought stocks in  industries that he was overseeing as a Member of Congress. He pushed  healthcare legislation that benefited industry insiders rather than  patients.   He was confirmed on a party-line vote, and it wasn't very shortly  after that that he proceeded to go forward with what I and others  consider a sabotage campaign that, in effect, has been executed since  day one. He was a top salesman for TrumpCare. He came before our  committee and made countless other public appearances in which he  willfully misrepresented the massive scale of the harm TrumpCare would  have done to American healthcare. He also appeared on national  television and argued, in effect, that healthcare funding cuts aren't  actually cuts. He denied that individuals would lose health coverage or  see increases as a result of TrumpCare, even after there were  independent analysis showing that was wrong. Then, of course, he flew  about the country scaring folks who just wanted affordable healthcare.   As far as the President's promise to bring down the high prices of  prescription medicine--that was a promise the American people heard  stop after stop on the campaign trail in 2016. That promise is nowhere  to be seen or heard from at this point. It is my hope that the  President's next pick to lead Health and Human Services will follow  through on what the American people were told in the campaign they were  going to get--lower the cost of healthcare and get our citizens  covered--but that nominee hasn't been put forward.   In the meantime, Mr. Hargan's nomination has him in line to serve as  Acting Secretary. I will tell you, having examined the record as  closely as I could, I don't think there is any reason to believe Mr.  Hargan would deviate from Secretary Price's ideological agenda that  included a constant effort to undermine and in my view sabotage the  implementation of the Affordable Care Act. This campaign is driving up  premiums and confusing Americans who just want to be able to see a  doctor and get affordable healthcare services.   I am going to tick through some of the actions the administration has  taken that would undermine the upcoming open enrollment period and the  effect that is going to have on our people's healthcare costs.   First, just a few weeks into his tenure, Secretary Price cut the  enrollment period. This is the period during which Americans sign up  for health insurance. We are talking about a private marketplace. I am  really struck by this debate about the role of government. We are  talking about a private marketplace where private healthcare plans  offer coverage. Secretary Price cut the enrollment period for private  healthcare in the private marketplace in half. People across the  country used to be able to sign up for healthcare from the beginning of  November until the end of January, and now they have literally half  that time. That is going to cause a whole lot of disruption for people  who are working hard and living their lives rather than trying to  follow every little press account from Washington, DC.   Let's imagine for a moment a 29-year-old who just got locked out of  the healthcare system because he has had a 3-year routine of signing up  for health insurance around the new year. That is exactly the kind of  individual the private insurance market needs to attract in order to  hold costs down--a young person who is probably signing up right toward  the deadline.    Then think of the single mom with two kids who marked January 30,  probably with a big, bright pen on her calendar because she cut it  close to the end of enrollment last year. Her life is busy enough. She  doesn't read trade publications from health industry sources to see  what is happening with open enrollment. Because of the early enrollment  cutoff, this mom and her family, who just want affordable, private  healthcare from the private marketplace, are going to be locked out.   The Department of Health and Human Services is taking the  healthcare.gov website offline for maintenance on all but one Sunday  during the open enrollment period. The fact is, Sunday has been one of  the most popular times for well-meaning assistance groups to help folks  get signed up at community centers. It is like the State Department of  Transportation blocking the highways and digging up the blacktop with  construction crews every Monday morning during the peak commute time.  It is just the opposite of common sense.   The Department is kneecapping the programs that are designed to get  highly trained people. These are folks called navigators, and what they  do is get out into the communities and go to various places where they  know a lot of folks aren't signed up, and they help them get signed up.   The Department of Health and Human Services has slashed the budget  for getting the word out, including zeroing out the budget for TV ads.  That has been a big factor in getting enrollment up in the past.   Let's be clear about what the Department has done under Secretary  Price's leadership. They have been working overtime to make it harder  for people to get healthcare, plain and simple.   The sabotage doesn't really end with just making enrollment a  headache. The administration continues to dangle the threat of cutting  off cost-sharing payments as if it were a political gain without  consequences in the real world. In State after State after State,  insurers have made it clear that this gamesmanship is causing premiums  to go up. If the payments are cut off, families will face premium  increases of  [[Page S6307]]  hundreds of dollars or more, and it is all because they are searching  for a political trophy.   I want to talk about what this means for private sector healthcare.  When you have the President and the previous Secretary of Health and  Human Services pouring gasoline on the fires of uncertainty in the  private health insurance marketplace, it makes it very hard for  insurers to make the calculations that are involved in spreading risk  and getting people signed up and pricing products.   The reality is, an administration that says they really care about  the private sector--the President continually says that he is from the  business community and he wants to be sensitive to private sector  economic forces. The last thing you would do is pour all this  uncertainty into the private healthcare landscape, which is what they  have been doing with the gamesmanship in terms of whether they are  going to pay these cost-sharing payments so that folks who face big  deductibles and extra prices for medicine and the like would know there  is going to be help in their health plan for those costs.   The Secretary was out jetting all about, spreading falsehoods about  the private healthcare landscape. Sometimes he would say that it would  be collapsing, and I would say: We know a lot of people who are trying  to stabilize it, but you are making it harder by pouring all this gas  on the fires of uncertainty.   While this was going on, they were also neglecting to work with  States. For example, Oklahoma designed a reinsurance system intended to  stabilize the private insurance market and control costs, and they  sought a waiver application to the Department of Health and Human  Services. But the Department of Health and Human Services didn't get  around to approving it in time to help Oklahomans in 2018, so the State  just pulled their application.   I have been a strong supporter of these waivers. I authored a  provision in the Affordable Care Act, the innovation waiver, 1332. For  the Secretary to not work with Oklahoma in a timely way and in a way  that would stabilize the private insurance market is not what those of  us on this side are in favor of.   There is no reason to believe Mr. Hargan would come in and clean up  the mess. In my view, many States want to see stable or reduced  premiums this coming year, but so far the Department is just marching  in lockstep with the status quo. The President apparently is committed  to continuing this kind of mismanagement and willful wrongdoing. Mr.  Hargan has made clear what his stance is on the Affordable Care Act in  plenty of public statements.   Beyond this question of undermining the Affordable Care Act, we were  also particularly troubled that Secretary Tom Price shared the Trump  administration's abysmal record of responding to oversight letters from  Congress, especially the Democrats. As far as I can tell, some of this  is shared on both sides.   I think this is profoundly undemocratic, and our obligation to  perform oversight as Members of Congress is derived from the powers  laid out in the Constitution, in article I. The issues we raise in  oversight inquiries to the Department of Health and Human Services  relate directly to the well-being of people in North Carolina, in  Oregon, and everywhere in between. I don't think Senators on either  side, Democrats or Republicans, do it for sport. But the  administration's behavior is not that of a government that sees itself  as answerable to the public--either that or it just doesn't have good  answers as to why it constantly, constantly is out there undermining  private health insurance markets to make it harder for people to get  affordable healthcare. Either way, they aren't doing their jobs, and  they aren't putting the interests of the American people first.   Members on both sides of the aisle have expressed concern about the  Department of Health and Human Services stonewalling important  oversight issues presented by Members on both sides. Chairman Hatch and  Senator Grassley are two very senior Republicans. Chairman Grassley and  Chairman Hatch deserve a lot of credit for calling out the Trump  administration on this lack of responsiveness to basic oversight.   The fact is, what our committee has heard is basically a lot of sweet  talk from nominees about how, of course, they are going to be  responsive, and then they go out, and it is business as usual. We see  them for that confirmation hearing, and there is not much of any kind  of response when we ask the questions.   I will not support Mr. Hargan's nomination today. In my view, under  Tom Price and this administration, the Department of Health and Human  Services has done a miserable job of working to improve the health and  well-being of the American people. The irony is, it seems that one of  the objectives from day one was to set out and try to accomplish that,  to make it appear that there were problems when the Affordable Care Act  was being implemented. Instead of rolling up their sleeves and tackling  it, the idea was to try and get an ideological trophy: Let's tell the  American people that everything about the Affordable Care Act is  horrible so we can get it repealed.   The Affordable Care Act is far from perfect. In fact, when we were  debating it, I had an alternative plan. We had seven Senators on both  sides of the aisle. It was a bipartisan plan, but that is history.   The Affordable Care Act has made an enormous difference for millions  of Americans. What we ought to be doing is working together to improve  it. There are plenty of ways in which this Senate and an administration  that really want to accomplish that can work together in a bipartisan  way.   What I have been more interested in than any other aspect of public  service is to work in a bipartisan way on healthcare. That has been my  No. 1 interest. So nothing would please me more than to be able to say:  OK. We have an official who is going to break with the past and,  instead of trying to make the implementation of the Act as bad as  possible, is prepared to roll up his or her sleeves and make it as good  as possible. Unfortunately, that person is not Mr. Hargan. I urge a no  vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   