 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res.  38. Today, I speak against eliminating the Department of the Interior's  stream protection rule. The proposed rule is  [[Page H843]]  about balancing the need to support our American coal industry with our  responsibility to safeguard and protect our environment.   What is most concerning and simply outrageous is that this bill  proposes to not only overturn the stream protection rule, but it would  prohibit the Interior Department from ever issuing a similar rule in  the future, even as technology advances and best practices to safeguard  the environment improve.   The rule, which was drafted over 7 years, after 30 public meetings  and over 100,000 public comments, is the first major update to surface  mining regulations in more than 30 years, but is being rolled back  without even a single hearing in this Congress, which doesn't follow  regular order.   Mr. Speaker, Maryland has a rich history of coal mining, a history  that predates our Nation's founding. Yet, for a decade, we have  witnessed a slow decline in coal production and a shift toward cheaper  and cleaner sources of energy. Nevertheless, the industry in Maryland  continues to employ hundreds of people, produce nearly 2 million tons  annually, and coal is the leading export commodity leaving the port of  Baltimore. I support the coal industry in Maryland.   But in Maryland, where the streams from our mountain panhandle, coal  country, flow into the Potomac and eventually the Chesapeake Bay, we  have taken proactive steps to mitigate the environmental impact  associated with mining, requiring companies to develop and follow  reclamation plans, divert streams, treat acidic drainage with  chemicals, and control erosion and runoff.   However, our efforts and requirements haven't kept up with modern  technology and innovative best practices. And the proposed rule enables  us to employ better technology to better achieve our environmental  goals.   The Department of the Interior estimates that compliance costs will  amount to a de minimis percentage of coal industry revenues, there will  be a minimal impact on mining jobs, and it will create good-paying,  green jobs. We will protect 6,000 miles of streams, 52,000 acres of  forest, and reduce 2.6 million more tons of carbon dioxide emissions.   Mr. Speaker, representing families in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, I  understand firsthand that once the ecologies of streams, rivers, and  bays are degraded, they cannot be easily reclaimed.   Now is not the time to turn back or turn our back on technology that  is available and that is offered up in this rule.   