 Mr. President, I just want to follow up briefly with  Chairman Corker. The two of us became friends in 2007, when we were  both elected to the U.S. Senate the same year and were part of the same  class. But I think the two of us really became close friends a little  over 2 years ago, when we were confronted with how Congress should deal  with the nuclear agreement being negotiated by President Obama with  Iran and our European friends, along with Russia and China.   As the two of us worked around the clock to try to develop an  appropriate review process so that Congress could play a constructive  role--we recognize that we are the legislative branch, and we have  oversight functions, but there is an appropriate role for us with  regard to Executive actions--we came out with something that no one  expected could be done; that is, nearly unanimous support in this body  for a review statute in regard to the Iran negotiations.   Chairman Corker has taken this same template and has now used that to  apply to Russia in the removal of sanctions on Russia. It started with  a bill that was put together by Senator Graham and me. It has been  modified through the negotiations we have had, as Senator Corker has  commented, with Senator Brown and Senator Crapo. But it does, in  effect, provide that there will be notice to Congress before the  administration can give any sanction relief to Russia, so there can be  transparency and a discussion and a debate. Then there is a process by  which Congress, if we feel strongly and can get the necessary support,  can disapprove of sanction relief.   I think that is the proper way for us to deal with one of the most  important bilateral relationships in the world--between the United  States and Russia--and it is appropriate that it is going to be an  amendment to the Iran sanctions bill because the review process came  out of the Iran agreement.   The review process would be triggered if there is action taken by the  President to give relief, but the legislation also includes additional  sanctions, as the chairman pointed out, with Russia. It does this in a  way that codifies the President's Executive orders so that there is now  congressional support for Executive orders. It expands those sanctions  in the area of cyber, as the chairman pointed out, and for energy  projects, financial institutions facilitating transactions, Russian  arms and related materiel to Syria, the corrupt privatization of  government-owned assets.   I particularly thank the chairman for the way he was able to  recognize that, in Russia, what we don't want to see us contribute to  is corruption, and we concentrate on the corruption issue, not the  business issue. It is the area of corruption that becomes the important  thing.   We tighten up a lot of the different sanctions. Then we set up a  process where there needs to be certified progress made; otherwise,  these are mandatory sanctions the President must impose.   As the chairman pointed out, negotiations included aspects of  legislation that was first introduced by Senator McCain and me on  sanctions, by Senator Graham and me on review of sanction relief, by  Senators Crapo and Brown on proposed legislation dealing with  sanctions, and Chairman Corker had significant drafting issues that he  brought to the table in our negotiations. So it was a free discussion,  and the end result is--I said this before but I want to underscore  this--the Banking Committee brought some very helpful suggestions to  make sure the financial sanctions worked. It is one thing that we want  to make sure there are penalties, but we have to make sure they  [[Page S3444]]  work right, and I compliment the work of the Banking Committee in  making sure that we use the right standards and that this will meet  international muster. It is absolutely essential that this template be  one in which our European allies can follow our leadership. If we  didn't do that, we could have been isolated, which would not have had  the same impact as I think these sanctions will have in working with  our European allies.   The chairman mentioned several of our colleagues on the committee. I  need to mention Senator Shaheen and Senator Menendez, who played very,  very important roles in our caucus. Senator Durbin and Senator Schumer  also played roles in this, and I acknowledge their contributions.   Included in this bill is the democracy initiative, which deals with  providing more unified support with our allies in Europe in fighting  Russia's propaganda and attacks on our democratic institutions. Senator  Portman made major contributions to that, as the chairman has also  acknowledged, and then, brought to us mainly through the Banking bill,  we have a strategy to trace terrorism and financing in terrorism, which  I think is very important to be included in the amendment.   We will have a chance to vote on this amendment at 2 o'clock  tomorrow. I encourage my colleagues to adopt this. Senator Corker and I  expect to be back on the floor tomorrow as we manage the underlying  bill, at which time I will want to comment on the importance of our  passing the Iran sanctions bill, which is vitally important because of  Iranian activities taking place today.   For all of those reasons, I encourage my colleagues to please read  the amendment that has been filed in a bipartisan effort to deal with  this challenge that Russia has provided through their activities in  attacking our democratic institutions, in their continued aggression in  Ukraine, and their human rights violations in Syria.   I might add that Senator Menendez's provisions on human rights  sanctions are included in this amendment. It really does, I think,  capture the essence of the broad consensus of the U.S. Senate and is  worthy of our support.   I yield the floor.   