 Mr. President, I voted no today on the motion to invoke  cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, the Iran  sanctions bill.   I did so not because I oppose the underlying bill and the need to  further sanction Iran's belligerent missile and terrorist activity; in  fact, I support that legislation. I voted no to give a moment's pause  after the terrible ISIS attack in Tehran that just occurred.   Earlier today, a pair of deadly attacks occurred over several hours  in Tehran, including in the nation's parliament building,  indiscriminately killing at least 12 people and wounding dozens more.  The heavily armed assailants targeted guards, cleaners, and  administrative employees of the parliament. ISIS later claimed  responsibility for this barbaric attack.   I certainly have my differences with the Iranian regime, its  continued sponsorship of Hezbollah and Hamas, its threats to Israel,  its proxy wars in Yemen and Syria, and its human rights abuses, but we  must remember that the Iranian regime isn't the same as the Iranian  people, many of whom expressed sympathy with the American people after  we suffered the horrific attack on September 11.   In fact, the Iranian Government issued a surprisingly strong  statement of condemnation of the terrorists responsible after the  September 11 attack.   There was even some hope after those statements that our two nations  might work together on other shared interests, although unfortunately,  other than the historic nuclear agreement, that has not come to pass.   Nevertheless, I think it is important that we pause and reaffirm the  statement made today by our State Department that condemns the attack  in Iran  [[Page S3317]]  and expresses condolences for the families and victims.   I also think it is critical that we finally take some action here in  the Congress to address Russia's attack on our election, which occurred  more than 7 months ago.   We have overwhelming evidence of this historic attack--an attack that  I liken to a cyber act of war.   The majority party here in Congress has done nothing to respond to  Russia's aggression or to help protect America against any future such  attack on our democracy.   President Trump still refuses to acknowledge the Russian attack-- seemingly more interested in befriending the Russians and complaining  about former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Comey than  convincingly telling Russia to never interfere in our election again or  face the consequences.   This lack of resolve is truly an abdication of our national security  responsibilities in Congress.   As one Polish security expert recently warned me, if the United  States does not respond to the Russia attack on its own democracy, then  Putin will feel emboldened and free to conduct further such attacks  against other Western democracies.   Sadly, that has already proven true--just look at Russia's meddling  in the recent French, German, and Dutch elections.   As we act to address Iran's troubling missile and destabilizing  activity in the Middle East, including its continued threat against  Israel, we must also act against Russia, which conducted a cyber act of  war against our Nation.   We must ensure that existing sanctions placed on Russia for its  destabilizing actions in Ukraine and Europe and its attack on our  election are not lifted until such Russian actions are reversed or  addressed.   I voted no on cloture today--out of respect for the Iranian people  who suffered the horrific attack today and because I think it is long  overdue for the Congress to finally respond to Russia's attack on our  Nation--and stand prepared to support the final Iran sanctions bill  after addressing these matters.   