 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution.   We would not be here today if it were not for the courage of my  friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier). All  of us should be grateful for her leadership on this issue.   This resolution is the start, but it is just a start. We have to  reform the Congressional Accountability Act, we have to modernize to  fully fund the Office of Compliance, and there is much more to do.   I appreciate the effort of my chairman, Mr. Harper, and the  seriousness with which he has taken this issue and his commitment to  bipartisan progress. The status quo cannot and will not be tolerated.  Passing this resolution begins with the first step here.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Pelosi), who is our Democratic leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier). Again, I thank her for her  courage.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren), a valued member of our  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Washington, D.C. (Ms. Norton).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).   ( Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, make no mistake about it, this is bullying:  sexual bullying harassment.   I have a wife, a daughter, a granddaughter, and a great- granddaughter. I have a responsibility to protect them. In the people's  House, we have mothers, wives, daughters, granddaughters, great- granddaughters, and we have a responsibility to protect them.   Men have a responsibility to stand up and confront this behavior when  we see it. We have a responsibility to demand better of other men. We  have a responsibility to confront these bullies.   Men who use their power to harass and abuse others are disgraceful,  and we cannot tolerate their behavior. We need to stop having a system  that enables it.   Mr. Speaker, I personally witnessed an incident back in my perch,  where I stay back in the corner there, of a Congresswoman that was  leaning back talking to me, and a Congressman walked by and groped her  from behind. I reached over and, lucky for him, I just couldn't grab  him. I wanted to chase him down the aisle, but the Congresswoman, as  classy as she is, said: ``No, don't do that. You may get in a little  trouble. We will take care of him.'' And he got taken care of pretty  well.   I wonder if women would be disrespected or sexually bullied if their  husbands or their fathers were standing next to them when somebody  tried to sexually harass them or grope them. That is why I say men who  do that are bullies and cowards. Just treat women with the respect and  dignity that you would your own mother.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for a unanimous vote on this resolution, and I  yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H9498]]        