 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor very briefly to make  what, I hope, is a reasonable recommendation to my colleagues on both  sides.   We are due to vote later today on moving forward on a piece of  legislation that I support. Last week, we voted out of the Foreign  Relations Committee a new sanctions bill against the Iranian regime for  its continued movement toward a ballistic missile program that,  ultimately, could threaten the security of the Middle East and could  threaten the security of our sacred ally in the region, Israel. It also  speaks to Iran's continued problematic human rights record and its  support for terrorism in the region.   We should move forward on this piece of legislation, but I would  recommend that we not do so today. There is reason to have this debate,  but given the terrorist attack that occurred in Iran, given the fact  that today we know that there are 12 dead and 40 wounded in 2 very  coordinated attacks, my worry is that, literally, at the moment of  grieving in Iran, this resolution would look as directed not at the  regime, as it is, but at the Iranian people. It would seem intemperate  and, ultimately, do more damage than good.   This is an important resolution to debate. We can find the time to  get this done, but given the unfortunate timing--obviously, not  intentional in our moving this forward this week--given the attacks  that just occurred and for which ISIS has claimed responsibility, I  would hope that we could find a way  [[Page S3305]]  to move this to another time. I think it is really important because,  ultimately, it is in the United States' national security interest for  the Iranian people to get their way, who are, broadly speaking,  Western-oriented and who, broadly speaking, want a democratic,  internationalist future.   In everything we do, we need to make it clear that we have deep  disagreements with the Iranian regime--its rhetoric toward Israel, its  inflaming of tensions, its funding of proxy wars in the region--and  that our beef is not with the people of Iran. From time to time, that  is a difficult distinction to make, but it is a very important  distinction to make. By choosing to postpone this debate and this vote  to another time, I think we will send an important message to the  Iranian people that we want to give them the time to grieve and that we  want to give them the time to understand the scope of this attack.   I do not think it comes at much of a cost or loss to us. It is  important to remember that when we were attacked on September 11, there  were vigils held throughout Iran. The regime itself was not sponsoring  those, but the Iranian people did stand up and, in substantial numbers,  displayed a common cause with the people of this country--again,  another sign that this disagreement is not with the people of Iran but  with the regime.   Despite my having some reservations about this piece of legislation-- I do not endorse it wholeheartedly, but I am a supporter of it and will  vote for it when it comes to the floor of the Senate--I would hope that  the leadership on both sides of the aisle might find a path so as to  give the people of Iran some grieving space, to make sure that we are  not sending the wrong message with this vote this afternoon, and to  find some time later this summer to take up a very, very important  issue.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   