 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator for his kind  comments. This issue is one that I think matters to all 100 Members of  this Chamber and every American.   I, too, find it timely that here we are, 73 years to the day of the  incredible sacrifices that were made on that beach in Normandy and that  we have the opportunity to honor the men and women who have served for  us, then and since then, particularly those who are now in need of  services, with the passage of what is truly landmark legislation, and I  will talk about that in a moment. It is the hope of all of us who are  supporting this that it will help bring accountability for generations  of those who have served and will serve to protect our great Nation.  [[Page S3280]]    We live in a time of an outrage culture, where in order to make the  news every evening, you have to be involved in some controversy or say  something over the top. That is just the way things are these days. So  when something positive happens, it doesn't get a lot of coverage. It  is my sense that while we are not doing this for purposes of getting  coverage, many Americans tonight, as they watch the news or go on the  internet, will have no idea that the Senate took this up. I think that  is unfortunate because in addition to the importance of this piece of  legislation, it is a testament that despite all of the important  issues, noise, and arguments we hear every day on television, that our  Republic still works and that men and women of good faith can come  together across political ideology and partisan lines on an issue that  wasn't easy to work with for a couple of years.   I hope there is an opportunity to point to this and say that on  something that was important--this is not a symbolic resolution; this  is a change in the laws of our country that will bring accountability  to one of the most important functions that our government provides to  the men and women who serve in uniform, and that is the Veterans'  Administration. That is why I preference my comments on all this and  the fact that this is not getting a lot of attention because this is  not controversial. If there were a big fight on the floor about this  and people were bickering or arguing, it would get more coverage, but  the fact that we were able to come together across party lines on this  issue and get it done should not be a reason not to recognize its  importance. That is not why we are doing it. We are doing it to make a  change.   I think it is important to preface my remarks by saying that it has  been an honor and a pleasure to work with Chairman Isakson and with the  ranking member, Senator Tester, and all the members of the Senate  Veterans' Affairs Committee on what is now truly bipartisan legislation  that is before the Senate. I remain grateful to the committee for their  efforts to help bring needed accountability reforms to the Department.  This is an issue, as I said, that we have been working on for several  years, and I am pleased that we are now on a path to enact real change.   This spring marks 3 years since light was shed on the veterans who  died while they were stuck on secret waiting lists at the Department of  Veterans Affairs. After it was revealed that the Phoenix, AZ, VA  facility had widespread mismanagement and misconduct by employees,  Congress came together and acted promptly. In the wake of that  deplorable situation, this Chamber responded in a bipartisan way by  passing the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014.   While many of those reforms have begun to make a difference, we knew  even then that it would not be enough. As reflected in the legislation  that is now before us, in this law we are seeking to address those  shortcomings and doing so in deference to what the courts have decided  is consistent with the Constitution of the United States.   As virtually every Member of this Chamber--if not everyone--has done,  over the years I have met with veterans throughout my home State of  Florida, and I have found that many share a common frustration and  disappointment and often express resignation that meaningful  accountability has yet to come or occur at the VA. It is my hope that  will begin to change with this vote today. These men and women, our  veterans, have sacrificed much for our country, and it is our duty to  take care of them when they come home after taking care of us. Sadly,  for many, this solemn obligation and promise has not been kept.   Plain and simple, ineffective governance is unfair to our veterans  and to the American taxpayer. The VA must be properly managed so that  it can provide timely, quality care to veterans and be held accountable  to all Americans.   Let me follow up what I just said by making it abundantly clear that  the overwhelming majority of the people who work at the VA are good,  hard-working employees who serve our veterans well. Many of them are  veterans themselves. This is not a punitive measure, nor is it meant to  degrade the work they are doing under very difficult circumstances. But  it has become clear that under the current law, the VA often is  unwilling or unable to hold individuals appropriately accountable for  their actions and/or misdeeds--usually not because they don't want to  but because under the law they just can't. Even in instances in which  disciplinary action against an employee was attempted, the complexity  and the lengthiness of the process prevented meaningful consequences.   The unfortunate reality is that those few but significant number of  negligent employees often went unpunished. To shield such employees  from the consequences brings down the entire Department, demoralizes  the workforce, and undermines the core mission of the VA. That comes  not from political talking points but from many of the men and women  who themselves work at the VA.   We cannot and must not allow bureaucratic redtape to get in the way.  Our VA is staffed by those who belong there and are willing to perform  the important tasks of serving our heroes.   It is our hope and my belief that this law will change the VA, and it  will change it for the better. Simply put, the law gives the VA  Secretary the authority to reprimand, to suspend, to demote, or to  remove any employee if their behavior or their performance warrants  such an action.   Importantly, these reforms establish a period of adequate notice,  response, and final decision on a disciplinary action initiated by the  Secretary and is under an enforceable and capped timeframe. So while  the employee is getting due notice and the opportunity to defend  themselves, it doesn't drag on forever.   It also provides a new avenue for whistleblowers so they can come  forward without fear of retaliation through the establishment of an  Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection. This is critical  because, as we have seen, in order to uncover many of these abuses at  the Department, we oftentimes need to rely on information directly from  those who have seen it happen and are involved.   In summary, this bill will protect our veterans while also serving as  a means to protect the countless well-performing, dedicated VA  employees and whistleblowers in the Department who are frustrated that  just a handful of bad apples are standing in the way of providing the  service they signed up to provide. This bill will also ensure that VA  employees' due process rights are respected and not infringed upon.  This is not an anti-VA employee law; it is designed to reward those who  work hard and perform and to identify and remove those who do not.   I am proud to say this bill would not have been possible without the  support of our current VA Secretary. We worked closely with him and his  office to ensure that the provisions would provide the tools they need  now and for future Secretaries so they can carry out their important  mission.   In addition to the Secretary, the bill has been endorsed by the  Office of Special Counsel, Project On Government Oversight, and several  veteran service organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of  America, the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Concerned  Veterans for America, the Reserve Officers Association, the Iraq and  Afghanistan Veterans of America, American Veterans, and the Military  Officers Association of America. These organizations serve our veterans  admirably, have valuable knowledge of veterans' needs, and they agree  that this legislation provides overdue reforms to the VA's current  broken civil service system. We are all grateful for their help, for  their support, and for helping and informing us in tweaking this law so  that it actually solves problems.    There are two more points that I want to make.   I am proud that we were able to come together as a unified body-- Republicans and Democrats--to show the Nation that the Republic can  still work and that we can work together to solve problems. Hopefully,  that spirit will carry over into other issues that confront our Nation.   With today's vote, I think we move one step closer to achieving the  worthy goal of bringing accountability and, as a result, an improvement  in the VA. I thank my colleagues for joining this fight to better serve  our Nation's veterans.  [[Page S3281]]    I close by thanking the people who worked day in and day out on this,  including the staffs for Chairman Isakson and Ranking Member Tester.  Adam Reece and Jorge Rueda worked tirelessly on the bill. I thank Hazen  Marshall and Tom Hawkins with Senator McConnell's office. I thank our  cloakroom staff--Laura Dove, Chris Tuck, and Tony Hanagan--for their  work in getting this bill here today.   On my own personal staff, I thank J.R. Sanchez, who has worked on  this personally for 2\1/2\ to 3 years. I don't know what he is going to  do with his time now because he has spent so much time and passion on  this, and he knows many of these veterans personally.   This is a good day, and I look forward to eventually getting this  bill over to the President's office so that accountability and  improvement in performance can finally come to the VA and so that the  men and women who have taken care of us will finally be taken care of  the way they deserve.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   