 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Neal, the ranking member of  the Ways and Means Committee, for all his work.   I want to talk tonight from the perspective of Blue Dog Democrats.   Now, clearly, we all know--and Mr. Welch very eloquently talked about  the needs of the middle class and people who are struggling--it is far  past time that we reform the Tax Code by making it simpler, closing  loopholes, and lowering rates. However, this bill that we are going to  be voting on tomorrow is certainly not the answer for the middle class.   Now, it didn't have to be this way. Throughout the year, I heard from  Republican lawmakers and from the White House about the benefits of  creating a bipartisan tax reform plan. As the policy co-chair of the  Blue Dog Coalition representing modern Democrats, I coordinated the  coalition's creation of key principles needed for a permanent,  bipartisan tax reform bill. Our reform principles called for the  following:   First, tax reform must be passed with an open, bipartisan process and  through regular order.   Second, tax reform must be credibly revenue neutral and should not  use unrealistic economic growth projections to offset the costs of tax  reform or tax relief.   Third, American companies need a more competitive corporate tax rate  and structure in order to maintain their ability to compete globally.  Congress must also account for the needs of small businesses when it  comes to setting tax rates.   Fourth, and most importantly, the middle class must be the priority  in this tax bill.   Fifth, Congress should use tax reform to address the funding  challenges for the highway trust fund.   Taken together, I think most people would say that this is a good,  sound set of principles; but, disappointingly, H.R. 1 fails to meet  these criteria.   First, this bill is not bipartisan. The Blue Dogs met with the  Treasury Secretary, the Director of the National Economic Council, as  well as the chairman of the committee. We were told that they wanted  this to be a bipartisan bill.   But the bill was passed in committee less than a week after it was  introduced and less than a day--even less than that--after last-minute  changes were made by the chairman. The committee voted down every  Democratic amendment on a party-line vote, and 1 week later, this bill  is being brought to the floor with no amendments allowed.   This is clearly not bipartisan, and it is tough to argue that this is  an open process of regular order where Members get to participate in  the process.   But what about the contents of the bill?   First, it is not revenue neutral. We were told that this bill would  be revenue neutral using dynamic scoring, that is, when considering  additional revenue that will be raised from increased economic growth  because of  [[Page H9371]]  the tax cuts. Some dismiss dynamic scoring out of hand, but I believe  that it can be legitimate. But as we were about to vote on the bill,  even the idea of having an official dynamic score of this bill before  voting on it seems to have completely disappeared.   What we do know is that the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation  says it will add nearly $1.5 trillion plus interest to our debt, which  is currently $20 trillion and growing. The one rough dynamic score that  has been produced by the rightwing Tax Foundation shows that this bill,  as originally introduced, would still add over $1 trillion to our debt.   The new debt is not even used to put the needs of middle class  Americans first. The bulk of the benefits from the bill favor  businesses and corporations rather than individual taxpayers.    The Tax Policy Center estimates that families would only get the  benefit of about one-third of the tax cuts offered by the bill, with  corporations and other businesses getting twice as much. This is  because of the unbalanced way in which business tax rates are lowered  with relatively few cuts to corporate deductions.   But as we have heard many of our speakers talk about all of the  deductions, they are going to hurt middle class Americans as they try  to deal with growing expenses for healthcare, education, and childcare.   Of course, true tax reform can alter some of these provisions in  order to simplify the Tax Code. But we must make sure that, at the end  of the day, middle class families' pocketbooks are not harmed by the  changes that we make.   While many tout that this bill doubles the standard deduction, it is  important to understand that it also eliminates personal exemptions.  This means that families with children or other dependents may be worse  off.   There are other examples of deductions lost that will negatively  impact middle class families. We have heard many of them, including the  medical expense deduction. That means that families with very high  expenses, such as long-term care for extraordinary illnesses, will pay  higher tax bills.   The bill also makes student loan borrowers pay new taxes on the loan  interest they pay.   The list goes on.   One particularly contentious part of this bill is that it severely  curtails the deduction individual taxpayers take for State and local  taxes paid. Supporters of this idea claim that this deduction is an  unfair subsidy from the Federal Government to high-tax cities and  States, but in my own State of Illinois where taxpayers will get hit  hard by this, we already get only 79 cents back from the Federal  Government for every dollar we contribute in taxes. Taking away the  State and local tax deduction will only make this discrepancy worse.   Now, one particularly troubling aspect of this bill is that, while it  adds some new incentives to make it easier to raise children and  support families, these incentives expire after 5 years, even as  provisions that primarily benefit high-income taxpayers and  corporations are made permanent.   When analyzed as a whole, the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center predicts  that any tax relief some middle class families might receive from this  bill will disappear over time. Yet families in the top of 1 percent and  even the top one-tenth of 1 percent will not only see immediate relief,  but even larger returns in the long run.   Finally, this bill does nothing to address a major tax issue that our  Nation faces: the fact that the highway trust fund that pays for  Federal roads and transit projects is taking more and more money every  year out of general revenue. We need to fix the highway trust fund, and  if we did that here, we could also start finally doing some of those  trillion-dollar infrastructure projects that the President keeps  talking about.   So, once again, in this bill, the House is choosing to pursue a  needlessly partisan, closed process for major legislation with wide- ranging impacts and enormous price tags. I really urge my colleagues to  change course. Pursue a truly bipartisan reform so that we do well by  American families and businesses that need Congress to act on this  critical issue.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Neal for all his work on this.   