 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  this time. I also want to thank the distinguished gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Hultgren) for his work on this legislation and, more  broadly, issues surrounding American entrepreneurship. He has been a  tireless advocate.   Mr. Speaker, over the last 2 weeks, the Subcommittee on Financial  Institutions and Consumer Credit, which I chair, has held hearings to  examine the impact regulations have had on financial institutions,  small businesses, and American consumers. What we have seen is that the  burdens stemming from Dodd-Frank and associated Obama era policies  continue to harm consumers and small businesses.   We have what some have referred to as a two-speed economy. Large  banks and their large customers are thriving, but the story isn't as  bright for small businesses. That is why H.R. 1343 is so important.  Small businesses and startups don't necessarily have the same  opportunities to access the capital markets as their larger  competitors, but from a regulatory standpoint, the small guys are  treated the same as the big guys.   Mr. Hultgren's legislation takes an important step in addressing some  of the disparities that exist. H.R. 1343 will allow small businesses to  attract and retain employees through incentives similar to those that  may be offered by large businesses. Unlike the gentleman who just got  done speaking, this is not about Enrons. It is about small businesses  that we are talking about.   It will also ease some of the reporting burden on small and emerging  businesses. The bill does so simply by increasing the SEC rule 701  threshold, taking the existing rule and simply expanding it, a figure  that hasn't been touched since 1999.   It is essential that Washington take steps to level the playing field  for small businesses and eliminate this two-speed economy. The bill the  House will consider today is another step toward job creation and a  more reasonable regulatory environment.   I again want to thank and commend Mr. Hultgren for his leadership and  ask that my colleagues join me in supporting H.R. 1343.   