 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in  favor of H.R. 469, the Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees  and Settlements Act.   This is an important piece of legislation because, as has been noted  here, it seeks to increase accountability on the regulatory process by  providing greater scrutiny of sue and settle cases. Yes, they do exist.   It requires the Department of Justice to release details of payments  made through the Judgment Fund, and it strengthens Congress' ability to  intervene on litigation regarding the constitutionality of  congressional statutes.   This legislation also includes H.R. 1096, the Judgment Fund  Transparency Act, which I am proud to cosponsor. That piece of  legislation includes an amendment I offered, which would require the  Secretary of the Treasury to clearly display the total  expenditures, including the attorney's fees, interest, and all other  payments made from the Judgment Fund on an annual basis.    Hardworking taxpayers deserve to know where their tax dollars are  being spent, and Congress must ensure that programs like the Judgment  Fund are following the law. The American people must be allowed every  available tool to keep their government accountable, and this will be  an important tool.   Also, it would ensure a terrorist organization is prohibited from  receiving any taxpayer funds from the Judgment Fund by prohibiting any  foreign terrorist organization, as defined in section 219 of the  Immigration and Nationality Act.   That statute clearly classifies a terrorist organization as those who  ``engage in terrorist activity or terrorism, and the organization  threatens the security of the United States nationals or the national  security of the United States.''   These terrorist organizations only seek to commit serious harm or  potential targets, of course, including Americans, and I believe this  prohibition is warranted to be included in this important legislation.   Let me be clear. We should all agree that not a cent of taxpayer  dollars should ever go to a state sponsor of terrorism or foreign  terrorist organizations. A recent illustration of the need for this ban  on funding to state sponsors of terrorism is what we now know about the  previous administration. They paid $1.3 billion from the Judgment Fund  to the nation of Iran in a settlement dating back over 30 years.  Although all the information surrounding this payment was never made  clear to the public, Iran still remains a state sponsor of terrorism,  the most notorious one.   Mr. Chair, again, I strongly support H.R. 469. We must never allow  taxpayer dollars to be given to violent rogue nations that support  terrorists or, obviously, terrorist organizations, and this will ensure  a constitutional check on the Judgment Fund. This is about Article I,  the authority of this body. For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I strongly  support it, and I encourage our colleagues to do the same.   