 Madam President, as we know, last night a Democrat won  in the State of Alabama for the first time in a quarter century.   Last night's election of Doug Jones was not only the repudiation of a  candidate unfit to serve in this body; it was an affirmation of a  candidate who represents the very best of public service.   I read Doug Jones' bio. One story stands out in my mind. As a second- year law student, Doug Jones skipped class to attend the trial of the  Klansman ringleader of the 1963 bombing of the 16th Street Baptist  Church--an event, as we all remember, that shook the conscience of our  country and helped launch a mighty movement for civil rights. Although  a young Doug Jones was moved by the disposition of justice in that  trial, he was left with the impression that other members of the  conspiracy had escaped the reach of the law. So 24 years later, when  Doug Jones became the U.S. attorney in Alabama, he pursued charges  against two more Klan members involved in the bombing, winning their  conviction, and delivered a long-delayed but mighty righteous justice.   Doug Jones deserved to win the race last night. He is a fine man, was  an excellent candidate, and is going to make an outstanding Senator for  the people of Alabama. I congratulate Senator-Elect Jones and look  forward to welcoming him to this Chamber and our caucus.   Two additional points in regard to the election, which has a link to  the Chamber here:   First, the election of a Democrat in such a conservative State, which  hadn't had a Democratic Senator since 1996--they elected one in 1990, I  guess--is a clarion call for bipartisanship. The American people are  clamoring for us to work together, to eschew the politics of  divisiveness and once again conduct our politics with civility,  decency, and an eye toward compromise. That is what Doug Jones  represented as a candidate, it is what he campaigned on, and his  election should signal to all of my Republican colleagues that the  American people, from the deepest red States to the deepest blue  States, yearn for our politics to function again in a bipartisan way.   The election of a Democrat in such a conservative State is a clarion  call for bipartisanship. The people of Alabama have spoken, and they  have sent a message asking both Democrats and Republicans to work  together to solve our greatest challenges. That is how Doug Jones  campaigned. Roy Moore did not try to pursue any scintilla of  bipartisanship, and it might have been one of the reasons he lost,  particularly in the suburbs of Birmingham and other cities. I hope we  in this body will take this election in earnest and pursue a course of  bipartisanship.   