 Mr. President, I want to build on the last point my  colleague--a great advocate and champion of net neutrality--made about  the rule of law and about the need to go to court when there is utter  disrespect and contempt for the rule of law, which is reflected in the  prospective plan of the Chairman of the FCC to undo that agency's net  neutrality rules. It reflects an astonishing lack of respect and care  for that agency's rules--in fact, the rules that apply to all agencies  under the Administrative Procedure Act.   Chairman Pai wants to overturn a rule that was established after a  factfinding--an elaborate process of comment and response--without  going through that same process that is required under the  Administrative Procedure Act, a fact-based docket that requires him to  show that something has changed--not a little bit; something  significant has changed--in the market since the Open Internet Order  was established in February 2015. The burden is on the FCC to make that  finding. That finding is impossible, which is why they are avoiding the  attempt to do it.   The fact is, the Open Internet Order was established based on 10  years of evidence about how internet access service provides people  with broadband. It has been upheld by the DC Circuit Court of Appeals  twice over the last year. The thicket of law that the Chairman wants to  simply leap over--it is not within his discretion to do.  [[Page S3947]]    The most recent evidence shows that net neutrality has not inhibited  network investment at all, in contrast to Chairman Pai's claims.  According to statements this year by the internet service providers-- AT&T, in fact, is expanding fiber deployment and calling fiber a growth  opportunity. Comcast is saying that it doubles its network capacity  every 18 to 24 months. Verizon is announcing a new $1 billion  investment in cable. That is why we are here saying we will not and we  cannot allow Chairman Pai to succeed in this plan to gut neutrality at  the behest of big cable companies.   I am proud to speak today in support of the Day of Action to Save Net  Neutrality and against the FCC proposal to undo the Open Internet Order  because it is really a consummate pro-consumer measure. The Open  Internet Order serves the best interests of consumers directly but also  the best interests of competition in promoting innovation, new ideas,  and insights--an open platform that is necessary for innovation and  insights that benefit consumers, as well as the products and services  that companies generally provide.   The Open Internet Order created three bright-line rules: No blocking,  no throttling, and no pay prioritization. These rules apply to both  fixed and mobile broadband service, which protects consumers no matter  how they access the internet, whether on a desktop or a mobile service.  Consumers deserve equal access, an open platform--no walls benefiting  the companies that may want their gardens walled in. The walls are  against consumer interest, and breaking down those walls is what the  open internet rule sought to do.   It also has real First Amendment significance. In one of the most  recently proposed megamergers--AT&T and Time Warner--clearly content,  access, and neutrality are at stake. This merger gives the combined  company, if the merger is approved, both the incentive and the means to  throttle First Amendment expression. There have been reports that the  White House will use this merger, in fact, to throttle the First  Amendment rights of CNN, which is owned by Time Warner. This would be a  direct threat to all First Amendment liberties.   Using antitrust policy and power to diminish or demean the rights of  free expression would be a grave disservice to this country, as well as  the rule of law. That is why I have written to the nominee for the  Department of Justice Antitrust Division chief, the Assistant Attorney  General for Antitrust, Makan Delrahim, and asked for a meeting so he  can ensure us that, in fact, antitrust policy will be independently  enforced, that these reports do not reflect his view or the  administration policy. I want him to assure us that this merger will in  no way be used to influence or impede any media outlet.   But access and an open internet are principles that go beyond the  enforcement of antitrust law; they are principles enforced by the FCC  for the public good. That is why this Day of Action to Save Net  Neutrality is so critically important, because the grassroots movement  here is what will save the day. The grassroots and consumer-driven  impetus to make sure that the internet remains a free and open platform  for consumers and innovators, not a walled garden for wealthy  companies, is what we seek today.   That is why I am proud to stand with other colleagues who have spoken  and to continue this battle and to say to all of our colleagues that we  will go to court, because the rule of law and the Administrative  Procedure Act are not technical, abstruse, arcane, unimportant rules;  they are at the core of fairness and administrative regularity, not  just regulation, the rule of law.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Oregon.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   