 Mr. President, on Thursday, after two additional weeks of  consultation and input from Senators, we released an improved version  of the bill we call the Better Care Reconciliation Act, which  represents our efforts to address the failing status quo of ObamaCare.   We have said all along that even if Hillary Clinton were elected  President, we would have to revisit ObamaCare because we have seen in a  number of States that insurance companies are fleeing, leaving people  with few, if any, options. People in the individual and small group  market are seeing their premiums skyrocket 105 percent, nationwide,  since 2013 alone--a 105-percent increase in premiums.   For many of these folks, even though they paid the higher additional  premium, their deductibles are so high that, effectively, they are  being denied the benefit of any insurance whatsoever. I guess, perhaps,  it is no surprise that 28 million Americans would simply be willing to  pay the fine that goes along with the individual mandate for not buying  government-approved health insurance or claim some sort of hardship  exemption.   ObamaCare was sold under the premise that, if you like your policy,  you can keep your policy, and, if you like your doctor, you can keep  your doctor and, oh, by the way, your premiums are going to go down  $2,500, but what people have experienced has been the opposite of that,  with premiums going up on average $3,000.   We simply believe that we have to act to save the millions of people  who are being hurt by the status quo. That would be true whether  Hillary Clinton were President or Donald Trump were President.   Our first goal in the Better Care Reconciliation Act is to stabilize  the insurance markets, to make sure that people actually have an  insurance company they can buy from.   Our second goal is to get premiums down. The reasons premiums are not  down are mainly twofold. One is that you have younger, healthier people  simply forgoing insurance, leaving only sicker, older people in the  risk pools. Under adverse selection, that means everybody pays higher  premiums when younger, healthier people simply don't purchase the  product because they can't be part of that risk pool. The second reason  why premiums are so high is the mandates. People are simply being  ordered by their own government to buy coverage they don't want or  need, which drives up premiums, not to mention the fact that young  people are subsidizing older people's health insurance premiums the way  that ObamaCare was constructed.   We are going to do everything we can to get the premiums down. The  first Congressional Budget Office report said that long term you would  see premiums go down by as much as 30 percent by the year 2020, but we  want to do even better than that if we can.   The third thing we said we wanted to do was that we wanted to protect  people with preexisting conditions. When  [[Page S4011]]  people are forced to keep a job they really don't want because they  don't want to lose their employer-provided health coverage due to  preexisting conditions, we don't want people to be stuck at a job they  don't want or be unable to quit their job and look for something else  because they are worried about not being covered due to preexisting  condition exclusions. We maintain the current status of the law with  regard to protecting people with preexisting conditions.   The fourth thing that we try to do in this bill is that we try to  take one of the large entitlement programs, Medicaid, which is an  important safety net for low-income Americans, and we put it on a  sustainable path. There are some people who think you can spend  hundreds of billions of dollars more for Medicaid over time and we can  continue to deliver those services to the poor people in our country,  and we don't need to worry about crowding out defense spending or  education or some other priority. We simply cannot do it. What we have  done is put it on a responsible growth rate and delegate more of that  authority to the States to come up with innovative programs.   Our plan will remove costly mandates and will help provide more  options and drive down some of the exorbitant costs. We will soon have  a chance to rescue the American people from the failures of the  ObamaCare experiment. This is a critical moment for the Senate.   I want to go over a few updates to the discussion draft, perhaps in  the hopes that some of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will  realize that, when faced with the choice of our reform plan or the  status quo, the choice is clear.   After listening to a number of Senators, we made some important  updates. For example, to combat the opioid epidemic that is ravaging  the country, our new draft includes an additional $45 billion for  substance abuse and recovery.   As this chart indicates, the number of people with HIV has gone down  to 6,400, thanks to innovations and drug therapy, principally. As to  car accidents, 37,000 people a year die in the United States as a  result of car accidents, but 52,000 people--and growing--lose their  lives due to opioid and other drug overdoses.   This is an epidemic that has to be dealt with. The abuse of heroin  and prescription painkillers is devastating families and communities  all across the country, but, particularly, we hear from our colleagues  in Ohio, West Virginia, and Kentucky that this is an urgent and unmet  need.   These additional resources will be critical for providers, for  advocates, and for families on the front lines of this crisis. As I  said, our colleagues from Ohio, West Virginia, New Hampshire, and other  places advocated for something called the Comprehensive Addiction and  Recovery Act last year, which we were able to pass to address this  crisis, and we passed additional legislation called the 21st Century  Cures Act in December, which, again, added additional resources. But  this represents the single largest allocation or appropriation of  Federal dollars to deal with this crisis than has ever occurred before.  I think it is because it is necessary, and I thank our colleagues for  bringing this to our attention. This is a shocking statistic, when you  think about it--that more people die of drug overdoses in America today  than die in car accidents--and we are going to do something about that  in this legislation.    We are also introducing a provision that, for the first time, would  allow people to use pretax dollars to pay for their insurance premiums.  Let's say you paid 25 percent of your income to taxes. If you can use  pretax dollars, then, basically, that effectively lowers your out-of- pocket cost if you can use pretax dollars rather than the net of tax.   We expand the use of health savings accounts to give people that  ability, which effectively lowers the cost of their premiums, again,  and provides them more flexibility in terms of determining how to  provide for their healthcare. Some people may decide--and we want to  give them the freedom to do so--to say: Maybe, all I need is a  hospitalization policy in addition to a health savings account, where I  will put pretax dollars in there and save them and use those to pay for  doctors' visits.   That is the kind of thing that we have seen in States like Indiana  and elsewhere, which have been used very effectively to provide  additional choices for consumers and their physicians on how they  address their healthcare needs and their costs. As I say, allowing  consumers to use pretax dollars to pay for their health insurance  premiums will help bridge the coverage gap.   Both the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on  Taxation have affirmed that this will help boost access to healthcare  coverage.   Another improvement this latest discussion draft brings forward is  more options to buy lower premium plans. Under the Better Care Act,  anyone in the individual market is allowed to purchase a lower premium  health insurance plan, like the one I mentioned.   While those plans have lower monthly costs with a higher deductible,  they will still cover up to three primary care visits a year and,  ultimately, limit an individual's out-of-pocket costs. Coupled together  with the health savings account, this may well be the most affordable  way for people to address their healthcare.   Not everybody is the same. That was part of the problem with  ObamaCare. It treated us all like we were widgets and not human beings  with unique needs, depending on our family circumstances or our health  condition or what part of the country we lived in. This allows people  to personalize and individualize their own healthcare plan.   I think this is great news for otherwise healthy adults previously  barred from purchasing these plans under ObamaCare. Young people, whom  we need in the insurance pool in order to bring down premiums for  everybody else, don't want to have to subsidize older folks' health  coverage. They want to pay the freight for their own costs, but this  will allow them access to a lower cost plan that will allow them to be  covered for an unexpected hospitalization or other catastrophic event.   In addition to this freedom of choice, these plans will now also be  eligible for tax credits. In other words, what we provide is a  refundable tax credit, which essentially is a check from the Federal  Government to the insurance company to pay your health insurance  premium.   Under ObamaCare, people enrolled in these sorts of catastrophic plans  were prohibited from receiving tax credits like the ones we are  offering, even when they met all other eligibility requirements. That  doesn't make any sense, and our legislation fixes that.   We have also made several revisions to Medicaid. I might mention that  there is a lot of discussion about whether we are cutting Medicaid. I  have said before that only in Washington, DC, can you spend more money  year after year and be accused of cutting.   Honestly, fairly, what we do is to reduce the rate of growth for  Medicaid, this uncapped entitlement program that contributed more than  $20 trillion to the national debt. We put it on a reasonable budget and  a rate of growth. Actually, from the beginning until the end, we will  see Medicaid spending go up by the Federal government by $71 billion.   Ultimately, for Medicaid to work more efficiently for the people it  is intended to serve--primarily, the children, the blind, the disabled,  and the elderly frail--we need to give the States more flexibility to  implement Medicaid spending based upon the unique needs of people in  their States.   One of the big problems with ObamaCare is that it expanded Medicaid  to otherwise healthy adults. We have a better way to deal with that,  using the tax credit, the State innovation and stability funds, and  something called the 1332 waivers, where the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services essentially is giving the States the opportunity to  innovate and use the money and the tax credit to come up with something  that suits the needs of their population.   Really, what we need to do is to get Medicaid focused again on the  most vulnerable populations, which are the disabled, the blind, the  frail elderly, and children. To improve the management of vulnerable  populations such as this, now States can apply for a waiver  [[Page S4012]]  to utilize existing funds as they see fit to improve community-based  services that these folks rely on.   Our Medicaid provisions allow the States flexibility to route funds  to regions impacted by public health emergencies, which include  disastrous weather events like hurricanes. Instead of being applied as  a block grant or based on per capita caps, under our legislation,  emergency funding will be applied where and when it is needed.   Lastly, under our Medicaid revision, States can add expansion  populations under existing block grants if they choose to do so.  Medicaid will always be as it has been--a Federal-State shared expense.  By allowing States to be flexible in their Medicaid application, we can  help them fill the gaps that the mandates under ObamaCare chose to  merely gloss over. For example, in Texas, we were not a Medicaid  expansion State. So young adults between 100 percent of poverty and 138  percent of poverty will now get access to a tax credit with the  innovation and stability funds and these waivers, which will allow  them, for the first time, to get access to private health  insurance. That is good for them, and I think represents a vast  improvement on the status quo--about 600,000 in Texas alone.    Our new draft includes an additional $70 billion to encourage States  and help them implement these new reforms. What I have come to learn  is, people don't really trust Washington, DC. Certainly, based on the  experience of ObamaCare--this failed experiment where people were  promised certain things that ended up not being true and created the  problems we now are having to fix--I think people will have a lot more  confidence in a plan that lets the Governors and lets the State leaders  manage this money and address the healthcare needs of their population  by people who are closest to those people rather than out of  Washington, DC.   Our bill does that in a dramatic way. It takes that authority and  power grabbed by ObamaCare and gives it back to the Governors and the  States to manage. Based on the polling I have seen, people certainly  have greater confidence in the States and their leadership at the local  level to deal with this than they do under ObamaCare. If Governors want  to try to come up with unique healthcare products to drive down  premiums, cost sharing, or increased funding for health savings  accounts, this legislation gives them greater flexibility and gives  them additional funding through the Innovation and Stability Fund to do  just that.   Many of us have quoted Louis Brandeis, who served on the U.S. Supreme  Court, who said: States are the ``laboratories of democracy.'' It is  true. You don't see any innovation at the Federal level. It is more  like dealing with the Politburo. It is all command and control--central  planning, which we know doesn't work very well. The States are the  laboratories of democracy. If we give them the freedom to innovate and  the resources to do so, I think we can expect our healthcare system to  move forward.   Soon we are going to have a critical vote, one that has been 7 years  in the making. While our plan is not perfect, it is certainly better  than the status quo, which is why we call it the Better Care Act. This  is not the end, as Dr. Tom Price, of Health and Human Services, points  out. This is just the next step. We know we are going to have other  opportunities to address healthcare, most notably in September, when we  reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program, but this, by any  measure, represents an improvement over the status quo.   I think there are some very useful parts of this bill that people  will like if they look at it objectively and consider it fairly, but if  we don't take up the bill, well, it can't be changed, and millions of  Americans will continue to be harmed by the status quo. That is a  decision we all have to make when we move to the bill.   Do we have enough confidence that we can make it better or are we  simply going to throw our hands up and say, ``Well, I give up,'' before  we even start, leaving people with the failure of the status quo?   I would like to encourage our colleagues to work with us to make this  legislation better. It is unfortunate that healthcare has become such a  polarizing and partisan issue. It doesn't need to be that way, but it  started off with ObamaCare, which was passed along purely party lines,  creating a situation where there is not bipartisan support for  healthcare, generally, which is a real tragedy, given the importance  this has to all of us and all of our families. Given the hand we have  been dealt, we are going to plow ahead and do the best we can.   I sat down at my computer this morning, and I started to write a list  of things I liked about the Better Care Act that perhaps most people  haven't heard much about. No. 1, it repeals the individual mandate.  This is the fine that has been imposed on people for not buying  government-approved health insurance. It repeals the job-killing  employer mandate. This bill will lower premiums, repeal burdensome  taxes, and restore choices. It will help stabilize insurance markets  and protect people with preexisting conditions. It will allow people to  use pretax dollars to pay for their healthcare costs, including  insurance premiums. It provides substantial resources to fight opioid  and other substance abuse. It provides better quality coverage to low- income Americans that will improve medical outcomes for low-income  Americans, and it puts Medicaid on a sustainable path.   I would like to encourage all of our colleagues to work with us to  help make this legislation even stronger. Everybody will be able to  offer an amendment and get a vote on the amendment when this bill comes  to the floor. I believe the alternative is a disaster for our country,  and we simply can't afford to let it stand.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Iowa (Mrs. Ernst), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  the Senator from Nevada (Mr. Heller), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Wicker).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. Ernst)  would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Wicker)  would have voted ``yea''.   