 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would restore  the EPA's Science and Technology account to 2017 levels.   I offer this amendment to underscore the importance of environmental  research to the health and safety of the American people, as well as  thousands of jobs in my district and across the country.   This amendment is framed in increase-decrease terms for the simple  reason that, given the subcommittee's inadequate allocation, there is  simply no place to turn for an offset.   The EPA's Science and Technology account funds research and  development activities within the agency, supporting the work of the  world's leading environmental research enterprise and informing the  environmental policies that Congress enacts.   The bill on the floor today would cut this account by $105 million, a  15 percent reduction. About the only good thing I can say about that is  that it isn't as bad as the Trump budget, but it is still a deep and  devastating cut. Mr. Chairman, we have to restore these funds as this  bill moves through the remaining stages of the process.   The EPA's Office of Research and Development funded by this account  not only supports EPA programs in air, water, toxicology, and energy  research, but it also facilitates innovative partnerships with some of  the premier higher education and research institutions in the country.   EPA research facilities employ more than 2,000 people, supports some  700 affiliated jobs in my district alone. This includes advanced  laboratory scientists, administrative personnel, also blue-collar jobs  in maintenance, custodial, and security positions.   The EPA research that this agency conducts, world class research, it  allows us to remain proactive in protecting the air we breathe, the  water we drink, resources, whose safety we must never, ever take for  granted.   Now, I know the EPA is continually a scapegoat when it comes to  spending cuts. In times of crisis, however, we don't hesitate to call  on them to respond quickly to events that could pose a threat to the  environment and public safety.   Just last week in the devastating wake of Hurricane Harvey, sites  containing dangerous chemicals and contaminants were severely flooded  and damaged. Research from this office, the office being cut in this  bill, proved invaluable in putting together a safe and effective  response.   In other words, the EPA is part of the first line of defense to  respond to events that pose threats to public health and safety. It  follows that if we gut the EPA's research budget, we are putting  ultimately the American public at risk.   The EPA research cuts underscore, I think, how fraudulent the claim  is that this is a bill that would make America secure and prosperous.  Really? In reality, it would cripple investments that Americans count  on each and every day to keep them safe and healthy.   Mr. Chairman, I remain hopeful that a bipartisan budget agreement  will be reached that will allow us to restore this research funding and  do right by the people we represent.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have to acknowledge that  the chairman did a pretty good job of describing some of the research  that we have underway in North Carolina and around the country, and I  know he understands that and wants to support it.   I also know that we have got to do better than the allocations  represented in this eight-bill omnibus effort. So I pledge to work with  him and other colleagues to achieve that kind of agreement, and then  also to revisit this account and other accounts that we know need  attention if we are to do our duty as representatives of our  communities and also maintain the investments a great country must  maintain.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member  for yielding. I thank Chairman Calvert for engaging in this colloquy  with Mr. Lance and Ms. Slaughter and me.   We are highlighting the importance of the National Endowment for the  Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities and the importance  of robust funding for the work of those agencies. There is no more  efficient dollar spent in the entire Federal budget. I will say in a  minute what I mean by that.   I am very happy to be co-chairman, with Mr. Lance, of the  Congressional Humanities Caucus, to be a member of the Congressional  Arts Caucus, which Ms. Slaughter and others have led, and proud to  support the missions of these two agencies.   Federal support for the arts and the humanities affirms America's  rich and diverse cultural and artistic heritage. It really is an  investment in the quality of life of our people. I think we should see  it that way, and we need to  [[Page H7146]]  be steadfast in our support and our investment. It is one of the most  efficient we make, as I said. It leverages private, nonprofit, and  corporate dollars.   In 2015 alone, for example, Federal NEH museum grants leveraged $104  million in outside funding from only $33 million in Federal funds. That  is a pretty good return for the taxpayer.   They support millions of jobs, these endowments do, and the projects  they fund, hundreds of millions of dollars in direct economic activity,  and the American public loves them. Participation all over this  country, in communities large and small, rural and urban, is widespread  and enthusiastic.   So again, I thank the chairman for his attention to these important  lines in the budget. I hope we can bolster our commitment to the arts  and humanities and do even better as the appropriations process moves  forward.   