 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I  rise in support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, millions of our fellow Americans in Texas, Florida,  Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands are looking to Congress and the  administration to work together to provide aid and assistance in  recovery and rebuilding.    I disagree with the President of the United States that we are going  to leave Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands or any other American  precipitously before we have done the job we need to do.   The recent hurricanes have left 3.6 million Americans in Puerto Rico  and the U.S. Virgin Islands still without power, fuel, clean water,  food, electricity, and access to medical facilities. That is  unacceptable, I say to the administration.   We are witnessing a humanitarian disaster of historic proportions,  and it will get worse if we do not come together as a nation and bring  to bear the full force of the Federal Government to assist.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor  to effect that end.   That is why I have called on President Trump to muster every Federal  resource, to muster and ensure that aid and supplies can reach those  who need them, and to work on restoring power, water, and  communications. Because many are still out of reach, we do not yet know  the full extent of the damage and loss of life.   Today's Washington Post has a front page story chronicling the  tragedy that continues as of now to unfold in Puerto Rico, where  nightfall brings complete darkness, and diseases are spreading by way  of contaminated water. The island has been plunged into the 19th  century. The Virgin Islands shares that status.   This supplemental must be followed in the weeks and months ahead by  additional measures to provide disaster relief funding and financial  assistance to bring the infrastructure of Puerto Rico and the U.S.  Virgin Islands up to 21st century standards in order to prevent a  repeat of what has occurred.   According to a letter sent to the congressional leadership on October  7, by the governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, the damage of that  island is  [[Page H7996]]  estimated to cost as much as $95 billion, which is 150 percent of  Puerto Rico's gross national product.   This funding package is an important step, though it fails to provide  urgently needed Medicaid funding to help the 1.6 million in Puerto Rico  and the U.S. Virgin Islands who rely on Medicaid for their healthcare.   Congress must do its part and ensure that the resources are  available, but it is up to the administration to make certain that the  resources we provide get to those who need them.   So I ask my colleagues to join me in passing this bill, and I call on  the President again to take every necessary measure to address this  humanitarian crisis affecting our fellow Americans.   Mr. President, do not send a message to any American that we will  turn our backs on them. That is not fair, it is not right, and you  ought to correct the statement you made this morning.   