 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2182, the Plum Island  Preservation Act.   Mr. Speaker, since 1954, the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in New  York's Long Island has served as the Nation's principal laboratory  responsible for research on foreign animal diseases of livestock, such  as foot-and-mouth disease and other animal diseases.   At Plum Island, the Department of Homeland Security works with the  U.S. Department of Agriculture to research and develop new vaccines and  diagnostic tests for animal disease outbreaks and to defend against  international or accidental introduction of animal diseases into the  United States.   On September 11, 2005, the Department of Homeland Security announced  plans to develop the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, or NBAF,  as a state-of-the-art biocontainment laboratory for the study of  diseases that threaten both America's animal agricultural industry and  public health.   As envisioned by DHS, the 580,000-square-foot facility would replace  the Plum Island laboratory.   Following an extensive selection process, DHS selected a site in  Manhattan, Kansas, for the new lab, and the site is slated to be fully  operational by December of 2022.   What H.R. 2182 aims to answer is what will happen to Plum Island when  DHS vacates the facility.   DHS is currently studying the range of options for disposition of the  property, including transferring it to another Federal agency, a State  or local government, or a nonprofit organization for the purposes of  education, research, or conservation.   In doing so, DHS is expected to assess the full implications of each  option, including cost, cleanup, and hazard mitigation.   H.R. 2182 requires the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, to  assess whether the forthcoming study is satisfactory to support a  decision. In the event that the study is lacking in a key area, GAO  would be required to conduct its own study.   Importantly, H.R. 2182 ensures that Plum Island cannot be sold by the  Federal Government to the highest bidder.   Under this bill, the sale of Plum Island is prohibited until at least  180 days after the required reports in the bill have been submitted to  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2182 has broad support on both sides of  the aisle, as we can see. Plum Island has a history dating back to the  1700s and has been owned by the Federal Government since 1899. This  bill takes steps to ensure that this culturally and historically  important site is not sold until all relevant questions are answered  regarding the final disposition of Plum Island and that a satisfactory  comprehensive plan has been developed.   I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   