 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it has been said about this body that if you invent a  nice enough title for a bill, it doesn't matter what you write in the  bill because all people know is what the title is. This bill is a good  example of that.   Who is in favor of criminal alien gangs?   No one. But this bill has received no committee consideration in  which the questions could have been asked and the answers given to make  sure that the bill would do what its sponsors say it does.   But this legislation wouldn't provide decent protections against gang  violence. It would shred due process protections and would allow  deportation of innocent immigrants based on the flimsiest of evidence.   It would establish a Star Chamber-like process for designating  criminal gangs that would provide virtually no opportunity for them to  contest such a designation. Once a group is designated as a gang, an  immigrant who is determined to be a member of that gang--determined  under undefined procedures and standards--would be almost assured of  being deported and would be subject to mandatory detention while  awaiting removal.   The procedures under this bill would be laughable if they did not  have such deadly consequences for so many innocent people. Suppose  there are some people in my neighborhood that I think are up to no  good. Maybe I have good evidence that they are committing crimes, or  maybe I just don't like them. Either way, I submit a tip to Homeland  Security that the group is engaged in activity that qualifies as a  criminal gang under this bill.   Then, based on undefined and unknown procedures, the DHS can  designate that group as a criminal gang. In doing so, it would amass  some sort of administrative record, which is also completely undefined  in the bill, but we know it can include secret evidence. No notice  would be given to the group that is under review, and no opportunity  would be given to present evidence contesting the designation; no  exculpatory evidence.   After designation, there is a process for judicial review; but unless  the group has the habit of scouring the Federal Register, it would have  no idea that it has been labeled a gang and that it needs to go to  court in 30 days. If, somehow, the group does learn of its designation,  it has just 30 days to contest it, and only in a Federal Court of  Appeals in Washington, D.C.   That review, however, would be based entirely on the administrative  record amassed by the government. The group would have no opportunity  to submit evidence to rebut the designation, which renders the entire  review process meaningless. That is not due process under the  Constitution. That is a sort of stacked process you would expect in a  banana republic or in Russia.   It gets even worse. Under this bill, any alien is deportable if he or  she is or has been a member of a designated gang or has participated in  the gang's activities, knowing that would further its illegal activity.   But who determines that a person is a member of a gang? By what  procedure? In what forum or what court? Using what standard?   The bill, given the Goodlatte amendment, does not say.   A person need not have been convicted or even charged with a crime to  be deportable under this bill; and even when they are in removal  proceedings, they would not be permitted to challenge the gang  designation that landed them in those proceedings. Thus, we will have  people deported on the basis of an unfair and secret process, with no  notice and no meaningful opportunity to contest the basis for the  deportation. That turns due process completely on its head.   Keeping out members of MS-13 and other deadly gangs is a worthy goal,  [[Page H7392]]  but this bill would not do that. It would have disastrous consequences  for thousands of people each year who may or may not be members of a  gang, who may or may not have any evidence against them, who will  inevitably be caught up in its hash and overbroad provisions.   Mr. Speaker, just last week, President Trump upended the lives of  800,000 DREAMers who now face the possibility of being dragged away  from the only country they know. Our highest priority should be  providing these young, undocumented Americans the legal status they  need to continue serving our Nation and being productive members of  their communities.   I notice that the Speaker has said that, while he supports relief for  the DREAMers, that the bill has to go through a committee.   Why didn't this bill have to go through a committee?   Instead, the Republican majority seeks to distract us from the plight  of the DREAMers by returning to its mass deportation agenda based on  the fear and dehumanization of immigrants.   This bill brings shame upon this House and this Nation's tradition of  due process and fundamental fairness.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this unconstitutional and  unconscionable legislation.   