 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are on the Senate floor today,  yesterday, and tomorrow, and we will be continuing the debate on the  Countering Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017. This is  actually a very important bill, and I want to commend Senator Cardin,  Senator Corker, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, and  many others on working hard to put this bill together in the Foreign  Relations Committee.   There is a lot of interest in this. I am a cosponsor of the bill, and  I think it is an important bill.   Let me just give a quick overview of what its core purpose is. There  was a lot of discussion last year about the JCPOA--what it was going to  do and what it wasn't going to do. I think a lot of us, even those who  supported it--and I certainly did not support it. As a matter of fact,  I thought it was a very misbegotten agreement that was going to  undermine American interests and the interests of our allies in the  region. But a number of us were concerned about what it didn't cover.  The bill we are debating today does close some of those loopholes. For  example, the core purpose of S. 722 is to impose sanctions on Iran for  its ballistic missile program, which continues to violate U.N. Security  Council resolutions, and its support of terrorism.   It is still listed by our State Department as the No. 1 state sponsor  of terrorism in the world. As to its transfer of illicit weapons, which  it is not supposed to do under U.N. Security Council resolutions, it  continues to do that, and, of course, there is its continuing and  widespread abuse of human rights. That is all still happening with  regard to this Iranian regime, which the previous administration spent  so much time negotiating with to get this nuclear deal that, I think,  undermines our interests.   The bill we are focused on is very bipartisan. It sets to close some  of these loopholes and impose sanctions for these kinds of violations.  It does not violate the JCPOA. I think Senators Corker and Cardin  worked hard to make sure that would not be the case in order to get  bipartisan buy-in. I think it is an important bill, but it could have  been stronger. Unfortunately, a number of us had provisions and  amendments that were meant to strengthen it. Some of us don't sit on  the Foreign Relations Committee, but we have a lot of interest and  experience with these issues. What we could have done was to actually  make this bill stronger by looking at some of the other amendments that  Members of the Senate brought to the floor on this very bill.   Let me give you one example. I had an amendment that was a very  simple amendment. It essentially stated that Iranian banks and  financial institutions would not be able to use the U.S. financial  system--our banking system, which is critical to global commerce to  conduct any business around the world--until Iran was taken off the  list of countries that sponsor state terrorism--very simple: not using  the American financial system until you are not a terrorist designated  by our State Department. This is important. These kinds of sanctions  are important because Iran and other rogue nations--you see it all the  time--want access to  [[Page S3484]]  our financial institutions and the dollar, the world's currency.  Roughly 43 percent of international financial transactions and more  than 60 percent of total allocated global floor exchange reserves are  denominated in U.S. dollars.   We have tremendous leverage over other countries, even if we are  acting just as the United States, with regard to accessing the U.S.  financial system. When you have these kinds of sanctions, when other  countries are not allowed to access our financial system, it puts a  real strong bite on their economy.   We wanted to bring this down to the floor. Again, there is bipartisan  support for this amendment. Unfortunately, not many but just a few of  my colleagues wouldn't want to accept this. They didn't even want to  vote on the amendment. They believed, incorrectly, that somehow this  would undermine the JCPOA. Well, it wouldn't. As a matter of fact,  former Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew stated that under the JCPOA,  the Treasury Department was still going to prohibit Iranian banks from  being able to use U.S. dollars through New York or to hold  correspondent account relationships with U.S. financial institutions.  He testified that the JCPOA would continue to bar Iranian financial  institutions from using our financial system. So that is happening  right now.   What we wanted to do with this amendment was to say that we are going  to make that legislation; we are going to make that a statutory  prohibition, and the biggest sponsor of terrorism in the world  shouldn't be able to use our financial system until they are no longer  a sponsor of terrorism--very simple. But we couldn't get that through  the Senate. If we voted on it, I believe there would be a strong  bipartisan majority of Senators who would agree with us, but there are  a few who don't.   The JCPOA was sold in many ways as helping to ensure that Iran would  moderate its behavior, that Iran would become part of the ``community  of nations'' again.   Well, of course, despite claims by the former President and the  former Secretary of State that this is what the agreement would do,  that hasn't happened. To the contrary, the opposite has happened. Iran  has undertaken activities to undermine U.S. interests, the interests of  Israel--our sacred ally in the Middle East--and the interests of our  gulf Arab allies in the Middle East on almost a daily basis.   Look at what has happened since that agreement was signed. Moderating  behavior did not happen; much more aggressive behavior did. It is  really important for people to remember that this isn't just the  largest state sponsor of terrorism. This is a country whose activities  have led to the deaths and wounding of thousands of American soldiers  and marines. The Iranian regime was supplying very sophisticated IEDs  to Iraqi Shia militias that were killing, maiming, and wounding our  troops in Iraq. That is a fact. This is a regime with the blood of U.S.  soldiers, marines, sailors, and airmen on its hands. This is not a  regime we should trust. This is a regime about which we should do  everything we have in our power to use our leverage to help undermine  their nefarious activities around the world that they have been  conducting for decades.   So again, my congratulations and I am going to vote for the bill. My  congratulations go to Senators Corker and Cardin for this important  bill, but it could be stronger. We need to look at ways to make this  stronger. This was a missed opportunity, simply bringing an amendment  like this to the floor for a vote. Let's see where people stand. It  would be strongly supported by the American people, strongly supported  by our allies, strongly supported by Members of the Senate on both  sides of the aisle.   Unfortunately, there are a few in the Senate who seem more interested  in protecting the legacy of the JCPOA than in really putting the screws  to Iran and really limiting their ability to fund terrorism or their  illicit businesses around the world. That is disappointing. These  Senators will not say they are doing that, but that is what is going on  here. The legacy of the JCPOA is not worth safeguarding if it means  missing the opportunity to further leverage and undermine Iranian  terrorist activities around the world. So that is a disappointment we  have seen today.   I am going to continue to keep pushing to do more to make sure we  take every action, every bit of leverage that the United States of  America has to push back against the nefarious activities of the  biggest sponsor of terrorism in the world--the Iranian regime and its  leadership. I know that most of my colleagues--Democrats and  Republicans--are interested in doing so today. We made a good start  with this bill that hopefully is going to pass the Senate floor, but we  can do much more. We need to do much more. I am going to continue to  press my colleagues to do so.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. DAINES assumed the Chair.)   