 Madam President, I rise today to voice my strong support  for the nomination of Derek Kan to be Under Secretary for  Transportation Policy at the Department of Transportation. The Commerce  Committee held a hearing on his nomination on June 8, 2017, and  reported his nomination favorably out of Committee on June 29, 2017, by  voice vote.   It is now November 9--over 4 months since the nomination was reported  out of Committee. This noncontroversial, well-qualified nominee has  been languishing in the Senate for far too long. It is truly  unfortunate that we have to go through the cloture process on this  particular nominee, who is well known to many of us in the Senate due  to his previous work as a Senate staffer.   To illustrate how noncontroversial and well-qualified this nominee  is, less than 2 years ago, Mr. Kan was confirmed by voice vote in the  Senate to be a director on the Amtrak Board of Directors. The only  thing that has changed in the 2 years since Mr. Kan was previously  confirmed is that some on the Democratic side have decided to hold this  nomination hostage, as well as the nomination of Ronald Batory to be  Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration--a very important  position, I might add--and the nomination of Adam Sullivan to be  Assistant Secretary of Transportation for legislative affairs, pending  assurances that the Trump administration will approve and fund the  multibillion dollar Gateway project in New York and New Jersey. While  no one questions the importance of this corridor, there are many other  important projects that are also awaiting approval and funding at the  Department. No project should get to cut the line based on the  machinations of a handful of our Democratic colleagues.   As I mentioned, Mr. Kan previously served as a director on the Amtrak  Board of Directors, and before that, he served as a general manager for  Lyft, the transportation network company. Earlier in his career, he  served as a staffer to the Republican leader and as chief economist for  the Senate Republican Policy Committee. Before becoming a Hill staffer,  Mr. Kan served as a Presidential Management Fellow at the White House  Office of Management and Budget.   Once confirmed, Mr. Kan will be Transportation Secretary Elaine  Chao's chief policy adviser on legislative and regulatory matters  across all modes of transportation at the Department. With the  ambitious agenda that  [[Page S7137]]  has been laid out before the Department under the Trump administration,  I believe Mr. Kan will be well positioned to address the many  challenges before the agency, including approving and funding important  projects.   Now that we have had to go through this multimonth process to have a  cloture vote--again, the vote was just recorded; it was 87 to 9--I urge  my colleagues to support his nomination to be Under Secretary for  Transportation Policy at the Department of Transportation. Getting  these important positions staffed and filled is long overdue, and it is  high time the games and politics that are being played with these  nominations come to an end.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, it is a good day here in the Senate because  today we released our tax reform legislation, and soon we hope to have  a final bill on the President's desk.   When you first think about coming to Washington to serve, you dream  about fixing big problems and making a real difference in people's  lives. Well, today we get to make a big difference.   When I look at the Chamber, I hearken back to 1986, which was the  last time tax reform was actually passed through the Senate and signed  into law by the President. Senator Hatch, the chairman of our  committee, was a Member of the Senate at that time; Senator McConnell,  the Republican leader; Senator Grassley, whom you just heard from--they  were all here to vote on that. I was here as a young staffer. At that  time, I didn't have kids of my own, and today I am a grandfather. So a  lot of time has passed, and tax reform is long overdue.   The whole point of this exercise is to give hope to future  generations of Americans, to give them a better opportunity at a better  life, to improve their standard of living and their quality of life. In  order for that to happen, we need to be taking the steps here and  putting policies in place that will create the conditions that are  favorable to economic growth and to the creation of better paying jobs  and higher wages.   Today we get to bring relief to the parents who are wondering if they  will be able to afford a new car that they need to fit their growing  family. Today we get to bring relief to the single mom who is wondering  how she is going to pay the rent next month. As our colleague from  South Carolina talked about, those parents and families who are  literally living paycheck to paycheck. Today, we get to bring relief to  the middle-aged couple worrying about a secure retirement, to the small  business owner who doesn't know how he will meet his tax bill and still  make his mortgage payment, to the family farmer who is worried that he  will not be able to pass down his farm to his daughter.   The comprehensive tax reform legislation we have introduced today  will provide immediate, direct relief to hard-working Americans. It  will immediately increase their take-home pay. It will immediately  simplify the Tax Code so that it is easier for Americans to figure out  what benefits they qualify for so they don't have to spend a lot of  time and money filing their taxes.   That is really just the beginning. Our bill is also going to reform  the business side of the Tax Code to give Americans access to the jobs,  the wages, and the opportunities that will set them up for a secure  future. We are going to make it easier for small businesses to raise  wages and to hire new workers. We are going to end the outdated tax  framework that is driving American companies to keep jobs and profits  overseas, and we are going to make it easier for companies to invest in  American jobs and American workers.   It has been a rough few years for our economy and for the American  people. A lot of Americans haven't had a pay raise literally in almost  a decade. But with this tax reform legislation, we can ensure that it  doesn't stay that way.   The American people deserve a tax code that works for them and not  against them, that grows their paychecks instead of shrinking them,  that expands their opportunities instead of eliminating them, and that  is exactly what we are going to give them starting today.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   