 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Portman). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, this week, the Senate will vote on a budget  resolution for fiscal year 2018. While there are many elements to this  particular resolution, most of this Chamber's and the public's  attention are on the reconciliation instructions related to tax reform.   Before I go too far, I first want to thank Chairman Enzi and all of  our colleagues on the Budget Committee for their work on this  resolution. Chairman Enzi has been a critical player in the ongoing  effort to reform our broken Tax Code, and his work to craft this budget  resolution and move it out of committee has been critical to this  effort.   For the next step, he is going to need help passing the resolution  here on the floor. I think we will get there.   Specifically, this budget resolution contains a $1.5 trillion  reconciliation instruction for tax reform. That is a good number,  putting meaningful tax reform within reach.   As the debate over the budget and the instruction moves forward, I  think it is critical that everyone understand what tax reform will do  for our country and, perhaps more importantly, what will happen if we  fail.   Tax reform has been the chief focus of the Senate Finance Committee  for years now. In the 6\1/2\ years that I have been the lead Republican  on the committee, we have had about 70 hearings focused on the Tax  Code. In the vast majority of those hearings, we have heard both  Democrats and Republicans acknowledge the inefficiency of our current  tax system, with very few members having spent their time and energy  defending the status quo, which is not at all surprising.   Our current tax system imposes undue burdens on middle-class  families. Our current tax system is obscenely complex, riddled with  credits, exemptions, and deductions, many of which were designed to  benefit special interests. Our current tax system's complicated rate  structure makes it difficult for families to plan and, for some  workers, creates a disincentive to work for additional earnings. Our  current tax system subjects American businesses and job creators to the  highest tax rates in the industrialized world. Our current tax system  creates incentives for businesses to move headquarters and operations  offshore, eroding our Nation's tax base. And our current system has  forced companies to keep trillions of dollars offshore, preventing  further investment and growth here at home.   Reform of this broken system is long overdue. The last major overhaul  to our Tax Code was more than three decades ago. Even if the Tax Code  hadn't changed dramatically since that time,  [[Page S6430]]  the economy of 1986 was dramatically different from the one we have  today. Of course, the code has undergone a number of piecemeal changes  since the 1986 reform, but that approach has left us with a system that  simply does not work.   Fundamental change is what our tax system needs--change that takes  the entire system into account and change that will create a tax code  that, at the very least, looks as though it was designed on purpose.  That is what we aim to provide once the Senate and the House have  passed a consensus budget resolution.   On the Finance Committee, we are working to craft legislation  pursuant to the guideposts in the unified framework released last  month. Our bill, based on the uniform tax reform framework, will give  much needed relief to millions of low- to middle-income families. It  will level the playing field for Americans and for American job  creators and promote more investment in the United States.   In the end, all of this will mean bigger paychecks for American  workers, a more vibrant U.S. economy, and more American jobs. But  without this budget resolution, we are unlikely to get there.   Don't get me wrong, I would like to produce a tax reform product that  could get 60 votes. I have spent years asking my Democratic colleagues  to meaningfully engage in this effort. To be sure, there have been  Democrats who have been willing to put themselves out there on tax  reform in recent years, including the former Finance Committee  chairman, Max Baucus, and our current ranking member, Senator Wyden.  But they have generally been the exception.   When President Obama was in office, many Democrats typically talked  about tax reform only in the context of raising revenues to fuel  additional spending, which isn't tax reform at all. It is simply  raising taxes.   Under President Trump, the focus, at least among many in the  Democratic leadership, seems to be about preventing passage of anything  that could be viewed as a win for the President and Republicans in  Congress. Perhaps I am wrong about that--and I hope I am--but when we  are talking about tax reform these days, most of the talk from my  friends on the other side of the aisle has been about unreasonable and  unprecedented process demands.   That is unfortunate. There are a number of areas of tax reform where  Democrats and Republicans are largely in agreement. Those areas include  middle-class tax relief, bringing down the corporate rates, and fixing  our international tax system to make American companies more  competitive.   Given these shared concerns, I am still hopeful that some of our  Democratic colleagues will join us in this effort. I remain willing to  work with any Member of the Senate who wants to engage in this effort  in good faith.   Historically speaking, tax bills that pass through the budget  reconciliation process tend to have support from both parties. In fact,  when Republicans have held the White House and Congress, purely  partisan tax reconciliation bills have not been enacted. That being the  case, I think the unified framework envisions a tax reform approach  that both parties can and should support.   Long story short, I haven't given up on producing a bipartisan tax  reform package. But, once again, we need to pass this budget resolution  if we are going to move the ball forward. That being the case, I urge  my colleagues to support the resolution before us this week and to work  with us as we develop tax reform legislation that will help middle- class families and job creators throughout the country.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   