 Mr. President, I rise tonight to speak about the  opportunity our country has to move this country forward.   I appreciate the comments by my good friend from Michigan. I  appreciate all the comments in this hallowed ground called the U.S.  Senate. But I have to say that while I agree on some points, I disagree  on others.   The one I am really troubled by tonight is the fact the other side is  creating the ultimate shutdown in government right now. We had an  election. Our democracy has worked. We have a new person in the White  House. We have a new direction for our country. Yet this person in the  White House cannot even get his team approved in the U.S. Senate.   After some 27 days, I think President Obama had 26 of his Cabinet and  other appointees already confirmed. At this point, President Trump has  only 13 of his nominees. Quite frankly, had we not turned the Senate on  24/7 over the last few weeks, it would be until June or July of this  year before we could get the full slate of just the 15 Cabinet officers  confirmed. That is no way to run the Federal Government and, indeed,  shows the hypocrisy of the other side. They complain about shut down  this and shut down that. What is happening right now in the U.S. Senate  is that the  [[Page S1204]]  other side is shutting down this administration from getting on with  the people's business of what they elected him to do.   Today, after 8 years of failed fiscal policies that have produced the  weakest recovery in 70 years, the lowest GDP growth on a per capita  basis in our history, a devastating time that left 4 million women in  poverty after the last 8 years and left many people struggling to get  from payday to payday--after those 8 years, tonight I am actually very  encouraged to finally be debating pro-growth tax ideas that can  actually grow the economy and put people back to work. We now have an  enormous moment of opportunity to change the direction of our country  and unleash a new era of economic growth and prosperity for every  American.   President Trump has repeatedly said that job one is growing the  economy. Personally, having worked in most parts of the world in my  career, I see this so differently from Washington. My perspective is  that of someone who has a global business perspective, not unlike that  of our President. I know the way forward is not complicated. We  absolutely can grow this economy.   There are three things this administration is already talking about  to grow the economy: One, they have said we need to deal with this  archaic, outdated, and noncompetitive tax structure that we have;  second, we need to push back on these arcane regulations that have  sucked the very life out of our economy; third, we need to unleash the  God-given energy potential that we have in our country today. The  bottom line is we have to create a more level playing field generated  by trade negotiations to allow us to compete on a level playing field  with the rest of the world.   The first two pieces of these changes are the changes to the Tax Code  and rolling back the regulatory regime. Several ideas from both  President Trump and Congress have surfaced in recent days to improve  our Tax Code: No. 1, lowering individual rates and cleaning up some of  the deductions to simplify the individual code; No. 2, lowering the  corporate tax rate to become more competitive with the rest of the  world and cleaning up corporate welfare deductions that confuse the  competition among players here at home and create winners and losers  inadvertently; and, No. 3, dealing with the archaic repatriation tax.  We are the last country in the world that has this tax, and it  penalizes our companies for competing abroad.   These three components of changing the Tax Code will make us more  competitive with the rest of the world, stimulate economic investment,  and spawn a new era of economic innovation in America. These changes  would help millions of Americans who have been crushed by this stagnant  economy for much too long.   I am encouraged that today there are so many of my colleagues in  Congress interested in generating new pro-growth ideas. It is a new day  in Washington.   I have long been an advocate of simplifying the way we fund our  Federal Government. In my opinion, the best way to do that is ideally  with a new system, like the fair tax, for example, which would move us  to a totally new tax system and completely eliminate the personal,  corporate, and payroll taxes we suffer through to date. I think all of  these ideas need to be considered, and none should be taken off the  table arbitrarily.   Having said that, one idea bears much scrutiny at this point in time,  and that is the so-called border adjustment tax now being discussed in  Congress. It would hammer consumers, shut down economic growth, and  ultimately grow the size of government.   In the last 16 years, under both Republican and Democratic  Presidents, the Federal Government has grown from $2.4 trillion in  constant dollars to $3.8 trillion last year--some 60 percent growth in  just two Presidencies, one Republican and one Democrat.   Tax schemes similar to the border adjustment tax in Europe grew the  size of those governments in Europe by more than 60 percent. That is  the last thing we need to be talking about right now, after we just  experienced a similar type of growth in our government over the last 16  years. Growing government with a new layer of complexity on top of our  existing income tax system is the last thing we need to be doing at  this point in time, when we should be talking about, How do we downsize  the Federal Government, make our system more competitive with the rest  of the world, create jobs, and create the atmosphere for capital  formation and innovation again?   Historically, lawmakers have crammed numerous proposals into single,  massive, overreaching bills. It is the Washington way. Those bills have  often hurt the very people that they claim to champion. When bad ideas  get mixed with good ideas, the bad ideas oftentimes become law. That is  exactly what could happen here if changes to the individual code, the  corporate rate, the repatriation tax, and this border adjustment tax  are combined into one sweeping bill. This is exactly what Washington  has historically done, and the results have been devastating.   Each of these proposals could be considered independently and  evaluated on their own merits. There is no reason we can't do that.  That is not possible today because many people here believe we are  locked into the Washington scoring equation instead of looking at the  real economic long term value of any of these ideas.   Many other countries, such as the United Kingdom, have faced these  opportunities, made decisions, and acted accordingly without combining  other extraneous ideas, and the results speak for themselves. Today,  the United States is in the least competitive position it has been, I  believe, in the last 100 years.   In the last 70 years, America has enjoyed the greatest economic  miracle in the history of mankind. It was developed on the back of  innovation, capital formation, and the rule of law, combined with the  best workforce in the history of the world. Those are four things that  America possesses uniquely, and which many other countries are working  hard to emulate.   For too long, the strength of our economy has been held down by  politicians in Washington and the unintended consequences that occur  when they try to interfere with the free enterprise system. It is time  to trust that free enterprise system to get this economy going again,  and change the rules to create a more competitive environment here at  home that will allow us to compete overseas on a level playing  field. It is time to simplify our individual Tax Code, reduce our  corporate tax rates, eliminate conflicting business tax deductions, and  eliminate the repatriation tax so we can once again become competitive  with the rest of the world.    In recent decades, many other countries have made these changes, and  we are losing our competitive edge. Today, I am encouraged to see both  Congress and the White House working together on policies that will  potentially grow our economy and bring relief to businesses and  families who have been crushed by improper fiscal policies that are  driven by political attempts to manage our economy.   Now is exactly the time to get these changes right. We have an  opportunity to change our Tax Code to a more competitive structure that  doesn't pick winners and losers, that doesn't penalize people for  successes, and that allows us to compete with the rest of the world on  a level playing field.   I like our chances if we can accomplish that, but let's not confuse  the issue with what may seem acceptable in Washington but is  devastating back home to men and women who are trying to create jobs in  their local economies.   We need to free up capital. We need to make sure the rule of law  supports the Constitution for every American. The American people  deserve Congress treating these issues individually and independently  to generate a simplified approach to funding our government and growing  our economy.   I hear the other side whine about not hearing any proposals coming  out of the White House. Donald Trump has been talking about what he  would do with the economy for the past 2 years. There is no mystery. He  wants to grow the economy. Job one, he said, is growing the economy.  That doesn't mean for the rich. That means for the working men and  women of America.   I believe they have a plan. It includes adjusting our tax system,  pushing back on unnecessary regulations that are sucking the very life  out of our economy and, finally, once and for all,  [[Page S1205]]  unleashing this great energy potential that we have.   We already see moves today on some of the regulatory fronts, where we  see the new Secretary of HHS issuing a new rule today. We see the new  leaders that have been confirmed already taking action in this  administration. I, for one, am anxious to move forward with this  debate.   I applaud our compatriots in the House for bringing up these ideas. I  look forward to an open and active conversation, but now is the time  for the other side to begin confirming these nominees so that we can  get this economy growing.   I know you also are aware that our military is in devastating shape  now after 8 years of disinvestment and 15 years of war. There is enough  blame to go around here. This is not about the blame game. This is  about getting this economic situation right where we can fund our  military so we can defend our country.   I am very concerned that the other side is putting politics in the  way of solving some of these problems that we have that are so  devastating to men and women who are disenfranchised in our economy and  our men and women in uniform around the world who are put in danger  every day because we are not funding our military the way we should.   The time for rhetoric has passed. We are already past the tipping  point of the most serious, I believe, physical crisis in our history.  This debt crisis is very real. We don't need to grow the economy just  to grow the economy. We have to grow the economy because it is one of  several steps that are absolutely mandatory to solving this debt  crisis, and we will not and cannot solve our national security crisis  unless and until we solve this debt crisis. I am optimistic tonight  because we are beginning to talk about these very issues.   I yield my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   