 Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, earlier today the Senate voted on a bill to dismantle  this country's healthcare--a cruel bill that would affect every single  American and one-sixth of our economy; a heartless bill that was  crafted in secret, without public debate and without input from the  families who will be impacted; an inhumane bill that would make health  insurance unaffordable for millions of Americans and leave millions  more with no access at all.   Despite this legislative malpractice, despite numerous independent  analyses and nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office findings that  millions of Americans will lose coverage and face increased costs,  despite Americans from across the country pleading with Republicans not  to rip away their coverage or take a machete to Medicaid, despite all  that, President Trump and Republican leadership put politics ahead of  people and voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That is a travesty.   I have often said that the proudest vote of my career was the one I  cast in favor of the Affordable Care Act. The second proudest vote is  today, voting no on this cruel, heartless, inhumane bill.  [[Page S4179]]    To all of my constituents in Massachusetts, please know that I vote  no with you in mind.   Massachusetts is the home of universal healthcare. We have a model  for the Affordable Care Act. Because of our belief that healthcare is a  right and not just a privilege, 98 percent of Massachusetts residents  have healthcare coverage. That was a dream of the great Teddy Kennedy,  the lion of this Chamber, and it is a reality in Massachusetts.   We cast this historic vote today to proceed to debate on healthcare  legislation, but rest assured, the fight to protect the Affordable Care  Act is far from over.   It is a testament to how divided the Republican Party is over how to  replace the healthcare law that we still don't know which version of  TrumpCare we will proceed to vote on for final passage. It is not  because Republicans haven't had time--they have had 7 years to craft a  plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Rather, the chaos we have seen  so far from Senate Republicans is because millions of Americans are  finally benefiting from insurance coverage, many for the first time,  and they don't want these protections taken away.   In many ways, it doesn't matter which bill they bring up for a vote  because all versions of the Republican healthcare bill are terrible.  Republicans still have no idea how they will go about protecting those  with preexisting conditions and ensure that millions aren't kicked off  their current insurance plan.   Senate Republicans have so far proposed three bills that would each  devastate the healthcare sector, take a machete to Medicaid, and make  the poorest in our country pay for tax breaks for the wealthiest. These  bills are the bad, the worse, and the ugly.    First, the bad.   Senate Republicans proposed legislation at the end of June--just a  month ago--that would rip away health insurance from 22 million  Americans and give the top 400 wealthiest people in our country a tax  break worth $33 billion.   Then the worse.   They introduced yet another bill that would also kick 22 million  Americans off of their health insurance and cut Medicaid by $750  billion. They tried to buy Republican votes with a separate opioid  fund, but that craven, political Hail Mary was not fooling anyone.   Then the ugly.   When Republican leadership realized that they did not have the votes  for either of these cruel replacement bills, they decided to just  repeal the healthcare law without any kind of replacement. This  proposal would take coverage away from 32 million Americans and double  premiums over the next decade.   That is the slate of Republican healthcare bills--the bad, the worse,  and the ugly. All of these healthcare proposals have one thing in  common: heartlessness. They all reduce coverage. They all increase  costs for Americans. They all eviscerate Medicaid, causing irreparable  damage to a program that provides coverage for 70 million Americans,  and they all hand over billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest in our  country, who do not need them or deserve them. Even in Massachusetts,  the Republican proposals would mean more than 260,000 people would lose  coverage, often the lowest income residents in the State. It would cost  the State more than $8 billion by the year 2025.   There are no changes, no so-called fixes, no modifications to make  any of these bills less cruel. Each of the Republican proposals will  just exacerbate the most devastating public health crisis facing the  country--the battle against opioid overdose deaths.   Leader McConnell said today that he would be thinking about the  families who are hurting in Kentucky when he casts his vote to kick at  least 20 million Americans off of their health insurance coverage. Yet  do you know who will really be hurting? It will be the families of the  nearly 1,000 people who died of an opioid overdose in Kentucky last  year.   In a blatantly craven attempt to make TrumpCare more palatable,  moderate Republicans from States that have been ravaged by the opioid  crisis included a paltry opioid fund in the most recent version of the  GOP replacement fund. Those are crumbs compared to the amount that the  Affordable Care Act would likely spend on covering opioid use disorder  treatments if we would just leave the law alone to work as intended.  This opioid fund is not a fix; it is a falsehood. It is a false promise  to the people who are suffering from opioid addiction. It is a false  future that will not include critical Medicaid funding for treatment  and recovery services, and it is a false bargain that Republicans will  make at the expense of families who are desperate for opioid addiction  treatment.   The American people will not be fooled. They realize that opioid  funding in this proposal is nothing more than a public health  pittance--a wholly inadequate response to our Nation's preeminent  public health crisis. No amount of money in an opioid fund can  replicate the access to treatment that is provided through the  comprehensive health insurance program that the Affordable Care Act  represents. Families of those who suffer from substance abuse disorders  have been shouting from the rooftops that cutting Medicaid and  hamstringing access to health insurance coverage will only make a  difficult situation worse.   We should be making health coverage and treatment access more robust,  not weaker. Today, only 1 in 10 people with substance addiction  receives treatment, and it has been estimated that 2 million people who  live with opioid use disorders are not receiving any treatment for  their disorders. It should not be a surprise to anyone that the  epidemic of opioid abuse will only worsen as long as we have a system  that makes it easier to abuse drugs than to get help.   These Republican proposals will be a death sentence for millions of  people with substance use disorders. A vision without funding is a  hallucination. They are cutting the funding for substance abuse.  Republicans are turning their backs on their vow to combat the opioid  epidemic, and President Trump is beginning to break his own promise  from the campaign trail to ``expand treatment for those who have become  so badly addicted.'' Instead, they are moving forward with a proposal  that threatens insurance coverage for 2.8 million Americans with a  substance use disorder--all to give hundreds of billions in tax breaks  to billionaires and big corporations--and slashing funding for our  Nation's preeminent public health crisis is just part of it.   Creating a separate fund for opioid use disorders just further  stigmatizes the disease and pushes it back into the shadows. This is  not how we treat chronic health conditions in this country, and it is  insulting to those 33,000 Americans who lost their lives just last year  from opioid overdoses.   This latest political maneuver proves yet again that TrumpCare has  never been about creating health. It has always been and still is about  concentrating wealth--tax breaks for the rich coming from the cuts in  healthcare coverage for those who need it the most in our country. They  are abandoning hard-working families so that they must fend for  themselves while they bestow those gifts of billions in tax breaks to  the wealthy. That is shameful.   The GOP replacement plan also imposes an age tax on older Americans,  allowing insurance companies to charge older Americans five times more  than younger Americans for the same coverage. That is unconscionable.   The GOP plan reduces access to care for those with preexisting  conditions--Americans with cancer, diabetes, women who have had  children. They want to force them to pay for a Cadillac, but they then  hand over to them a tricycle. That is just plain wrong.   On this floor, it is going to be a battle to the very end on this  bill, and I am going to keep speaking and keep fighting until my  Republican colleagues understand how important these issues are to  every single family in our country.   The American people who believe in quality, affordable healthcare  will not be silenced by today's vote. Instead, we will be invigorated  to call out the callousness in any of these bills that would threaten  the economic security for low-income and working families in order to  fill the already overflowing bank accounts of the 1 percent. Oh, no.  This fight is just beginning out here on the Senate floor because the  lives of all  [[Page S4180]]  Americans who would be hurt by the Senate's vote today to begin debate  on repealing the Affordable Care Act are simply too important for us to  stop fighting.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.   