 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, in July, millions of Americans awoke from  a months-long nightmare, as the Senate did the right thing and voted  down multiple Republican proposals to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  The American people breathed a sigh of relief when the future of their  healthcare and of their children's healthcare was safe for the time  being.   Unfortunately, Republicans want us to go back to that nightmarish  time by reigniting their proposal to threaten healthcare coverage for  millions of Americans. While the bill the Republicans are supporting  today may have a new name, it contains the same mean, devastating  policies. It is a zombie bill that despite best efforts and against the  will of the American people, will not die.    Like its TrumpCare predecessors, the Graham-Cassidy bill will result  in less coverage and increased costs. It eliminates the built-in  protections for Americans with preexisting conditions, causing many of  them to see their premiums skyrocket just because of a diagnosis. Some  experts estimated that an individual with diabetes could face a premium  surcharge of $5,600 under Graham-Cassidy.   Graham-Cassidy will also allow States to decide what insurers have to  cover and what they don't; meaning, once again, your ability to have  comprehensive healthcare coverage would depend upon where you live.   This is not the type of healthcare reform people in this country want  or need, and it is certainly not the type of reform to help us overcome  our Nation's opioid use disorder epidemic.   With 91 Americans dying every day from an opioid overdose, we are  clearly in the midst of our Nation's preeminent public health crisis.  Over these last few months, we have heard time and time again that  access to substance use disorder care is the linchpin to stemming the  continually rising tide of opioid overdoses. Unfortunately, it appears  our Republican colleagues have not been listening.   To be fair, access to treatment today is still a challenge. Only 1 in  10 people with substance use disorders receive treatment. Right now, an  estimated 2 million people with an opioid addiction are not receiving  any treatment for their disorder.   Yet the solution is not to block-grant funds which would otherwise be  used to help people get care for their substance use disorders. The  answer is also not kicking people off their insurance, but that is what  my Republican colleagues are yet again proposing to do.   As with the previous versions of TrumpCare, Graham-Cassidy would  threaten insurance coverage for 2.8 million Americans with a substance  use disorder. It would end Medicaid expansion and cap the program,  slashing its funding and decapitating access to lifesaving care. This  bill would simply take a machete to Medicaid--the leading payer of  behavioral healthcare services, including substance abuse treatment.   Also, in the same vein as earlier proposals, Graham-Cassidy would  allow States to waive the essential health benefits the Patients' Bill  of Rights put in place under the Affordable Care Act that ensures that  every plan provides comprehensive coverage. Because covering mental  health and substance use disorder treatment is expensive, this would  likely be one of the first benefits to be cut. As a result, someone  struggling with opioid use disorder would have to pay thousands of  dollars in out-of-pocket costs, likely forcing many to forgo lifesaving  substance use disorder care.   This epidemic of opioid abuse and overdose deaths will only get worse  as long as we have a system that makes it easier to abuse drugs than to  get help for substance use disorders. Graham-Cassidy would only  exacerbate this already dire problem in our country.   Just last week, a leading sponsor of the bill said: ``We recognize  there are circumstances where states that expanded Medicaid will have  to really ratchet down their coverage.'' ``Rachet down,'' that is not  improving healthcare. That is ripping insurance coverage away from the  one in three Americans struggling with opioid use disorder who relies  on Medicaid. That is gutting billions of dollars in addiction care and  treatment.   Graham-Cassidy isn't a new block grant program, it is a chopping  block program--for Medicaid, for coverage, for access to critical  substance use disorder services.   I believe past is prologue here. Just as Americans rejected the  inhumane and immoral TrumpCare of months past, they are already seeing  this new attempt is more of the same and, in some cases, worse. Many  patient, provider, and other healthcare groups have already come out  against Graham-Cassidy, citing the bill's inability to maintain the  healthcare coverage and consumer protections currently provided in the  Affordable Care Act. It is deja vu.   Enough is enough. Republicans newest shortsighted stunt is detracting  attention from bipartisan efforts to stabilize the individual insurance  market and to help decrease costs. Let's end this partisan gambit to  repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act and start focusing on ways  to make the healthcare system in our country better, not worse.   We need all of you, in every corner of the country, to once again  stand up and fight against these mean attempts to harm the health of  our family members, our friends, and our neighbors. We need your  energy, your commitment, and your passion to do what you did a few  months back to help make sure our better angels once again will  prevail. You have done it before, and I know you can do it again.   My Democratic colleagues and I will be fighting right here with you  to finally put this zombie healthcare bill to rest.   This is the time. This Chamber will be the place where we have this  debate within the next week on whether there is going to be a  destruction of the Affordable Care Act, a destruction of the promise of  access to healthcare for every American. The Republicans are coming  back, once again, to try to destroy that promise.   The Republicans harbor an ancient animosity toward the goal of  ensuring that there is, in fact, universal coverage for every single  American; that it is a right and not a privilege. What they want to do  is to leave these programs as debt-soaked relics of the promises that  have been made to ensure that there is, in fact, coverage for every  American.   So this is going to be the debate.   Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the great Senator from New York, used to say  that when you do not want to help a program or to hurt a program, you  engage in benign neglect--benign neglect. What the Republicans are  doing is engaging in a program of designed neglect--of ensuring, after  this designed program is put in place, that there is a reduction in  coverage, that there are fewer people who get the help they need, that  older people have to pay more, that fewer people get access, and that  Planned Parenthood is defunded. It is all part of a program of designed  neglect of the healthcare of all Americans.   This is a historic battle. It was not completed in July. Now, in the  next 10 days, we must complete this fight and make sure they are not  successful.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   