 Mr. President, I rise in support of S.J. Res. 26, a  resolution to disapprove the Obama administration Department of  Education's regulation on teacher preparation issues. This resolution  is simple. It overturns the last administration's overreach into scores  of States and territories, into thousands of college and university  teacher preparation programs, and into millions of American classrooms.   Last night, I drafted a fairly detailed statement on some of the  problems deep inside this regulation, but I have decided to skip past  most of that. Why? Because the problem with this regulation is actually  much more basic than all of the substantive problems in the regulation.  This regulation actually makes the assumption that bureaucrats in  Washington, DC, are competent to micromanage teacher training programs  in America. That is what this regulation ultimately does, and that is  absurd.  [[Page S1626]]    So I would like to ask three questions of folks who plan to vote to  defend this regulation. First, do you really think that bureaucrats in  this city know better how to run teacher training programs than people  who have spent most of their lives inside actual classrooms with actual  future teachers and with students? How many of you have ever run a  teacher training program? Has anyone in this body ever run a teacher  training program? Because I have--almost. I have spent a lot of my life  around these programs. As a kid, with my dad, who was a lifelong public  schoolteacher and coach, and I have been in many of these classrooms  with him when he was getting master's and continuing education  programs; then with my wife who is also a public high school teacher;  and then I was a college president at a university that had multiple  teacher training programs. I know Keith Rohwer, and I know the other  deans of education that have been at Midland University and at many  other colleges and universities across Nebraska. Yet, even though I  have been around a lot of these programs in some detail, I wouldn't  possibly think I am ready to decree all the details inside those  programs from thousands and thousands of miles away.   Question No. 2, has anyone actually read this regulation that folks  are going to say they want to defend on this floor? Because I have been  reading in it. I will not claim I have read it, but I have read in it.  This is the 695 pages of the regulation itself. There is actually a lot  of guidance material as well, but I didn't bring that because I didn't  want to have both of my hands occupied. This is the 695 pages of the  regulation we are talking about today, and it is actually really silly.  If you read inside it, it is filled with enough specificity that if you  tried to explain it to thoughtful, generally educated Americans, I  submit to you that you would blush. There is a level of detail and a  level of specificity in this that we are not possibly competent to  defend at the micro level.   Question No. 3, can the folks who think this is what Washington, DC,  ought to be doing right now--please show me somewhere in this document,  the Senate version of the Constitution--show me somewhere in this  document where we are given the specific authority to micromanage local  programs like this from here. Because, honestly--I mean this sincerely  to my colleagues who plan to vote to defend this rule--I don't see how  you can defend this document and think that this is conceivably our job  from here. We are not competent to do this.   Now, a couple of qualifications are in order. Am I suggesting that  all teacher training programs in America work well? Heavens, no. There  are some that are fairly strong, and there are actually a lot that are  really, really poor and weak, but having a good intention to make them  better is not the same as actually having accomplished something that  will make them better. Good intentions are not enough. For us in this  body to act because we have compulsory governmental powers, we would  need not merely good intentions, we would also need competence and  authority. We have neither of those about teacher training programs.   Everyone in this body agrees that education is darn near the center  of the future of our country. We all want and we need good teachers.  Most of us can remember specific teachers who stood out because of her  or his creative presentation, because of their unexpected humor,  because of their charm and their compassion, because of their tireless  drive, because of their inspired mentorship. None of us in this Chamber  who has the privilege of serving our fellow country men and women  regret or are unaware of the fact that the skills and the guidance and  the abilities that we have are the function of the mentorship and the  pedagogy of life-changing teachers early in our lives. We have  benefited from and we need good, prepared teachers.   If we all agree teachers are critically important to our future, and  since we all agree teacher training programs are important and we also  agree that some of them aren't very good, the question would be, What  would we do about that? What kind of debate should we have about why  much education in America isn't good enough? Does anyone in this body  sincerely believe that the big, pressing problem in American education  is that there aren't enough rules like this coming out of bureaucracies  in Washington, DC?   Because if you believe that, I would humbly suggest that you should  go and meet with some of the ed school faculties back in your State and  ask them if you can read them these 695 pages so you can tell them that  we have the answers. Read it to them, and then please come back and  tell us in this body that they agree with you, that what we really need  is more 700-page regulations from Washington, DC, micromanaging things  as specific and local as teacher preparation programs.   Oh, and one more thing, which is actually kind of big. This  regulation explicitly violates the plain language and the congressional  intent of the Federal education law that was passed in this body last  year. You will all recall that the Elementary and Secondary Education  Act was passed in this Chamber with overwhelming bipartisan support  last year. I think it got 83 votes. The act prohibits the Secretary of  Education from prescribing ``any aspect or parameter of a teacher, a  principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or  local education agency'' or ``indicators or specific measures of  teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness or quality.''  There is nothing ambiguous about this language.    In addition, the Higher Education Act is clear that the levels of  performance used by a State to assess teacher training programs ``shall  be determined solely by the State.''   This rule overrides State authority over literally tens of thousands  of discipline-specific teacher preparation programs across the Nation,  burdening States with a federally defined and expensive mandate. Under  this regulation, States would be required to create elaborate new data  systems that would link K-12 teacher data to data on evaluations of  teachers and administrators in particular schools and then on to the  data back into the teacher preparation programs. This regulation's goal  would be to measure the success of teacher preparation based largely on  teachers' students' subsequent test scores, and it would all need to be  backlinked in the data. This is data that is not currently gathered.   Rube Goldberg is smiling somewhere because this sounds like a  bureaucrat's dream, a paperwork trail monitoring all the strengths and  weaknesses of some vast machine spitting out layers and layers of new  data over which Washington's experts could then postulate and tinker.  Again, I have no doubt the bureaucrats who wrote these 700 eye-glazing  pages--pages about rules, about data to be gathered that States are not  currently gathering--I have no doubt the people who wrote this mean  well. I also have no doubt the people who are going to defend this rule  as somehow commonsensical--then why is it 700 pages--also mean well,  but those good intentions don't change the fact that what they have  actually done in this rule--what they have actually done--is build a  much larger requirement set of paper trails, demanding further burdens  on our teachers, on our principals, and on the professors who are  teaching teachers, and then require all of them to report back through  new or expanded bureaucracies at the State level, though the States  have not chosen to gather this data, and then pass this data on to a  bureaucracy a couple of blocks from here.   These Rubik's Cubes of rules and data collection are not being done  today, and supposedly we are going to make teacher preparation programs  better by all of the specificity that comes from this rule.   The fact that these regulations will likely cost States millions of  dollars to implement simply adds insult to injury. Let's be honest.  Education is not some vast complex machine that just needs a little bit  more tinkering from Washington-level intervention before it will be at  utopia. It isn't true, and this rule is not an effective way to  actually help the teachers who care so much that they are investing  their lives in our kids.   Nebraska's parents and educators and locally elected school boards  are better equipped and better positioned to tackle the most important  educational challenges. They are better equipped and they are better  intentioned, even than the smartest, the  [[Page S1627]]  nicest, and the most well-meaning experts in Washington, DC. If you  disagree, again, I humbly challenge you to go and try and read this  rule to elementary and secondary school teachers in your State and to  those who are running the programs that train them. Read the 695 pages  to them and then report back to us that they actually share your view  that the really big problem in American education is not enough 700- page rules from educational bureaucrats from DC.   Good intentions are not enough. Federal intervention and reforms  should never make problems worse, and that is what this rule would do.   I urge my colleagues to reject this rule and to rededicate ourselves  to the duties that really and fundamentally are ours, to the duties the  Federal Government is exclusively and monopolistically empowered to  carry out because it isn't this. We are not competent to displace the  expertise of the district and the State level, and we should not be  trying to regulate teacher training programs from Washington, DC. We  are not competent to do this.   Thank you for your consideration.   I yield the floor.   