 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Jobs, jobs, jobs. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express  my support for the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act.    Whose side am I on? The tens of millions of folks who don't have jobs  out there who want job opportunities. We know from some studies that,  over the last 8 years of wrong regulation, 650,000 small businesses  have not been created. That means 6\1/2\ million jobs, 6\1/2\ million  people who are not paying Medicare tax, and 6\1/2\ million people who  are not paying Social Security tax. We need these people in the game,  Mr. Speaker, and this act can help them get into the game.   This is an important piece of pro-jobs legislation, and I thank my  colleague, Mr. Emmer, for introducing it.   We all want our economy to become vibrant once again so it can  generate opportunity and prosperity for all Americans. Unfortunately,  regulatory burdens--both new and preexisting--often get in the way of  raising capital and building a business.   At hearing after hearing at the Financial Services Committee, we have  heard from financial institutions that are unable to lend to small  businesses or are afraid to do so. We have also heard from businesses  that cannot find the capital they need to expand or to retool. All of  this has an impact on jobs and wages as well as on our overall economy.   The Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act is a targeted, commonsense bill  that will make it easier for small businesses to access capital that  they need to grow.   Specifically, H.R. 2201 will permit businesses to issue a limited  number of securities to individuals with whom principals have a  preexisting relationship. This would include family and friends who are  often early investors in startups.   Businesses will only be able to issue a small amount of securities-- $500,000 a year--but that is a step in the right direction toward  helping businesses that need funding.   This is good policy that will make it easier for small businesses to  get off the ground, grow, and add jobs.   At the same time, this bill ensures that our regulators can continue  to police fraud and abuse, and to do so aggressively. On that point,  there is no ambiguity. Fraud is illegal, and it will not be tolerated  or excused.   Again, I strongly support the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act. It is  good for the economy and good for hardworking Americans. It is good for  jobs, jobs, jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, by allowing entities to sell unregistered securities  based solely on a preexisting relationship with the investor, H.R. 2201  would create a road map for affinity fraud.   Affinity fraud is a type of investment scam where swindlers prey upon  members of identifiable groups such as ethnic or religious communities  or the elderly. Often, affinity fraudsters take advantage of  preexisting relationships to engender trust and convince victims that a  dubious investment is legitimate.   The Securities and Exchange Commission has found that such frauds  pose heightened risks to investors because they can be difficult for  regulators or law enforcement officials to detect, particularly where  the fraudsters have used respected community or religious leaders to  convince others to join the investment.   The following cases represent a sampling of recent affinity fraud  actions from around the United States.   In August, 2013, the SEC halted an offering fraud scheme where Steven  Bruce Heinz, a Utah resident purporting to be an investment adviser,  sold phony investment contracts to more than 15 of his former clients,  family members, and friends. According to the SEC's complaint, Heinz  raised $4 million in investor funds he used to engage in high-risk  trading of future contracts and to pay his own personal expenses such  as family vacations to Mexico and a $600,000 loan.   Among the investors taken in by Heinz scam was ``the recent widow of  a church associate of Heinz who invested with Heinz after he  volunteered to assist her with her finances and investments after her  spouse died.''   In 2012, the SEC stopped a $7.5 million fraud operation targeting the  Persian-Jewish community in Los Angeles. The SEC's assistant regional  director stated that Shervin Neman ``deceived members of his own  community to raise money in this fraudulent Ponzi scheme. By exploiting  investors' trust in him, Neman was continually able to raise more money  to pay back existing investors and finance an extravagant lifestyle.''   According to the SEC's complaint, among other things, Neman spent  investor funds to pay for his wedding and honeymoon, his wife's  engagement ring, luxury cars, and VIP tickets to entertainment venues.   In 2015, the SEC permanently barred John Allan Russell from the  securities industry after Russell pled guilty to securities fraud in  Colorado State court. The SEC's administrative law judge found that  Russell obtained almost $300,000 by selling debt securities to an  elderly victim who suffered from dementia and Alzheimer's disease. The  ALJ also determined that ``Russell's scheme may have involved affinity  fraud because the misconduct began a few years after the victim acted  as Russell's godfather at his baptism.''   These cases demonstrate that H.R. 2201's preexisting relationship  requirement would not provide any meaningful deterrent against abuse.  On the contrary, it would encourage opportunistic conduct targeting  communities.  [[Page H8674]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``no'' for  this bill.   Given all that the SEC is able to do, they can't keep up with these  schemes, and now you are going to open up the door for them to have to  wrestle with trying to help people who are victims of these kinds of  schemes.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   