 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this coming week will mark Veterans Day. It  is an important time for us to reflect on what veterans do for us and  what their families do for us. The sacrifices of both those who serve  and those who support those who serve are incredibly important.   We have half a million Missouri veterans, and one of the great  privileges of this job is to get to represent them, their values, and  the commitment to freedom in our country that they stand for.   A couple of weeks ago I had the opportunity to welcome a group of  southwest Missouri veterans who came to Washington with the Honor  Flight program. I think the Presiding Officer also does this, but every  time I get a chance, if there is an Honor Flight from our State, I try  to get down there because it is a great time to see and to talk to and  to thank those who have served us.   When the Honor Flights started 20 years ago or so, there were still  some  [[Page S7085]]  World War I veterans coming, and then they were almost all World War II  veterans. Today we see some World War II veterans, Korea veterans, and  Vietnam veterans, all of whom serve in the great tradition of being  willing to fight for the freedoms that we enjoy every day. I find it  humbling and gratifying to know that those veterans get to come here  and enjoy the day with each other. In many cases it is the first time  they have ever been to the Capitol, the National World War II Memorial,  Arlington, and the other places on the trip that now so many tens of  thousands have taken.   Many of those veterans whom I saw the other day and whom I have seen  through the history of the Honor Flight program were just teenagers  when they answered the call to serve--basically, a little more than  high school kids who knew that something needed to be done and they  were able and willing to do it. They fought difficult battles and, in  some cases, often under unbearable conditions. Some of them lost their  closest friends in the military. Many of them lost comrades in arms.  Some of them lost comrades right beside them. Some of them lost people  who went out on another mission and never came back. Some of their  families lost a servicemember who never became a veteran.   I was down in Perryville, MO, a little town between Cape Girardeau  and St. Louis, on the Mississippi River. They are building an exact  replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial--the Vietnam wall. We were  able to present a flag to the group that raised the money and made the  plan to replicate the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the Mall to take it  back and become part of the Vietnam memorial at Perryville.   Our veterans are an extraordinary group of men and women. They really  stand for the best we stand for as a nation. It is important that with  not just honor them on Veterans Day but honor them every day--every day  that we live in this free and prosperous Nation that they helped  defend.   Admittedly, it is hard not to take all of the freedoms that we enjoy  for granted because generations of Americans have been willing to fight  and die to protect those freedoms. Because of that, generations of  Americans have benefitted from those freedoms, and it seems to us the  way people should be able to live everywhere. Maybe too often we think  it is the way people do live everywhere, but in many parts of the  world, having the security to walk out the door every morning, to drop  your kids off at school, to go to work and earn a living, to worship as  you please, and to build a better life is not available to people in  other countries the way it is here. That is the debt of gratitude we  owe to our veterans.   This year, one of the areas of great legislative success has been in  the work for veterans. Chairman Isakson of Georgia is going to follow  me on the floor in just a few minutes. He is the chairman of that  committee. He has a great committee, but they have a great chairman.  That committee, with its chairman, and the committee in the House have  passed eight bills, at least, that the President of the United States  has signed into law that do a number of things for our veterans.    We have built on previous progress for improving veterans care. A few  years ago, we made the decision that veterans need to have more  choices. A veteran shouldn't have to drive by a hospital they would  like to go to in order to get to a hospital miles and miles away. They  shouldn't have to pass three or four facilities that could do as good a  job or better in order to get to a veterans facility.   There are some things our veterans facilities should do better than  anybody else. They should be better at dealing with post-traumatic  stress better than anybody else, although they may not be as  accessible. They should be better at dealing with patients who have  suffered from IED attacks, eye injuries, people who work with veterans  in prosthetics, and those patients who have lost arms and legs in the  service of our country. They should be pretty good at that. There is no  particular reason they should be good at open heart surgery or kidney  dialysis or all the other things you go to the hospital for, if that is  where a veteran wants to go. We found out that a lot of veterans would  rather go closer to home. A lot of veterans would like to go to the  hospital they are more familiar with when they need their own  healthcare. They would like to go to the hospital they have been to  lots of times with other family members and others.   So we really expanded the Veterans Choice Program and expanded the  money available for that program. We try to create these opportunities  side by side with an existing facility. There has to be some startup  money involved, but, eventually, I think our young veterans will find  that they can almost always find a hospital they would rather go to or  a doctor they would rather see.   We have increased compensation for veterans with service-connected  disabilities. World War II veterans, such as Arla Harrell from St.  Louis, who suffered a lifetime of illness because he was part of a  mustard gas experiment, is finally getting both compensation and the  recognition that throughout his lifetime his health was impacted by  something that happened while he was serving his country.   We have continued efforts to address the problems at the Veterans'  Administration by passing legislation to modernize the outdated  benefits claims appeals process to make it easier for VA employees to  be fired for misconduct.   We want to protect employees who point out what is wrong. There have  been plenty of whistles being blown at the VA over the last decade.  While we want to be sure people can blow those whistles, we also want  to be sure that the VA can quickly and effectively remove employees who  are not doing what they ought to be doing and, in fact, are  aggressively doing, in some cases, things they shouldn't be doing.   We worked to expand the possibility and the opportunity for education  benefits by expanding what can happen under the post-9/11 GI bill,  helping to connect veterans with employers who provide benefits and  programs. The HIRE Vets Act, a bill I sponsored in the Congress, was  part of the first major pieces of legislation the Congress passed this  year. I think that, sometime in the next few weeks, the Department of  Labor is going to be talking about how we will recognize and evaluate  employers who hire veterans, who give veterans credit for skills they  learned in the military, and who promote veterans. To every employer  who hires veterans, that is a good thing and we should want to do that.  The HIRE Vets Act, like the LEED standard for energy, creates a  standard so that we can recognize companies that do that in a  significant way. I am pleased that Secretary Acosta in the Department  of Labor has put that on a fast track so these companies can be  recognized for what they do.   Our veterans have worked hard and have put themselves in danger to  keep us safe. As legislators, we owe them, as we owe those who follow  in their footsteps, our continued efforts to ensure that those  defending our country have everything they need and to show that we are  also grateful to those who have defended our country in the past.   I yield the floor.   