 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today and associate myself with the words of my friend and our  chairman, the gentleman from Tennessee. I strongly recommend support  for the newly amended S. 114, a bill, as the chairman so clearly  stated, that not only extends veterans' access to care in the  community, but provides additional funding for 28 critical leases to  expand capacity and also makes sure we can recruit and retain the best  medical professionals.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to note that on Monday, someone, another  Member, mentioned that they felt a disturbance in the force on Monday  is the way they described it. There has been a reputation that I think  is rightfully earned from the leadership of the chairman and the  members of the committee that the House Veterans' Affairs Committee is  here to do the business of this Nation's veterans and the taxpayers and  that the politics that are necessary and that are a part of getting  things done take a backseat to that.   What you saw on Monday were disagreements. We could not come to an  agreement. But instead of the theatrics of partisanship and instead of  the politics of deconstruction, it was the politics of the possible. So  instead of sulking away or sending out competing press releases, we  came back together to try to find compromise on this. For that I am  grateful.   I am grateful as a veteran, and I am grateful as a citizen that, on a  morning when many Americans are waking up wondering about our politics  and seeing the theatrics that go on, I am here to tell you that under  the chairman's leadership, the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, he  is guiding this House and tying it into the Senate in the best  interests of our Nation's veterans, taking in the concerns of the  minority side and taking in the concerns of the veterans service  organizations in a way that also means compromise on my Republican  colleagues' side.   That is hard to do, asking people to put their own personal ideology  aside if  [[Page H6536]]  it is in the best interests of building a coalition and producing a  piece of legislation that can pass through this House, the Senate, and  be signed by the President. That is a tough order around here right  now, and I am proud to stand with someone who has done it. I am proud  to give my little piece of what it takes to do that.   I would encourage my colleagues, let's show a strong sign not just to  our veterans, not just to this piece of legislation that, the gentleman  was right, is absolutely critical for the care of our veterans; let's  send a sign to our fellow citizens that this democracy still can  function, this democracy still can find answers, this democracy can put  American citizens first, and we can walk away from this knowing that  our job was to come here and do exactly that, and it will be done.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), my good friend, the vice ranking member of the  full Committee on Veterans' Affairs, who is also from a great vacation  State.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Brownley), my good friend, a long-time champion of  veterans, and  [[Page H6537]]  the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Correa), a good friend and new member of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Maine (Ms. Pingree), who is also on the Maine Tourism Board.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, as you heard here today from numerous members of the  committee and others, this is how business should be done: looking out  for our veterans, compromises being made.   I do want to extend my thanks to Senator Isakson; Senator Tester;  Secretary Shulkin; the DAVs and the other VSOs; and the staff on both  sides of the aisle who are the ones who are carrying out late-night  negotiations.   I think the gentleman from Tennessee, Chairman Roe, did bring up a  good point: this is the beginning of tough decisions that need to be  made, tough negotiations.   I hope everyone here understands that the continued good will and  bipartisanship is going to be needed, because we have an opportunity to  transform the VA into that 21st century VA, one that is more responsive  to the needs of veterans, one that takes into account the realities of  modern-day medicine that involves many outpatient clinics and different  ways of delivering service, especially to rural veterans who we  represent.   This is a great start. It is one that I think we go from a stop on  Monday to what I hope can be a unanimous vote for a good, smart piece  of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 95, as amended, offered by the Subcommittee  on Health Ranking Member Julia Brownley.   Mr. Speaker, to increase access, we must eliminate barriers, and this  amendment in the nature of a substitute does exactly that. The  Veterans' Access to Child Care Act assists those veterans who are also  parents to access the healthcare they need by allowing the VA to  provide childcare assistance to eligible veterans.   Representative Brownley's bill is essential to ensuring all veterans  have that access, and I appreciate her hard work to make it a reality.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment in the nature of a  substitute.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Brownley), the author of this piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Again, the Chair heard the reasons for this. I thank the gentlewoman  for authoring this needed piece of legislation and urge my colleagues  to support its passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2772, the VA Senior Executive  Accountability Act. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill that has  received bipartisan support as it moved through regular order of our  committee.   This bill requires that any reassignment of a senior executive at the  VA have the Secretary's written approval. It also requires an annual  report to Congress to help us in our oversight ability.   I have dealt with this issue myself in Minnesota and know firsthand  how important this is.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Taylor and our vice ranking  member, Mr. Takano, for developing this legislation. I support and  encourage Members to join in its support.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared  to close at this time.   Mr. Speaker, again, commonsense bill, bipartisan, does the right  thing, and, as the gentleman so clearly explained, providing that trust  to our veterans is absolutely critical. I believe this will do that. I  urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 2772.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 3262, as amended, the  GOOD Act of 2017, which was introduced by a good friend, someone who  has proven herself to be a dogged champion of veterans, the ranking  member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, Ms. Kuster.  This important piece of legislation will allow veterans who served as  medics and corpsmen in the military to receive scholarships to train as  physician assistants.   The VA has over 45,000 provider vacancies to fill so that veterans  are not waiting too long for care. In the United States, we face a  provider shortage in general, especially in our rural communities,  where most veterans live. This bill will help address these critical  shortages by providing veterans with an incredible opportunity to aid  their communities and their fellow veterans.   Ms. Kuster's hard work on this legislation and on behalf of veterans  is admirable, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the  gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), the author of this piece  of legislation, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and  Investigations.   Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my  colleague, General Bergman, in support of our bill, H.R. 3262, the Grow  Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of  2017.   The Department of Veterans Affairs and the entire Nation are  experiencing a shortage of quality physicians and healthcare providers.  For doctors  [[Page H6543]]  alone, the Association of American Medical Colleges estimates that, by  2030, the country could face a doctor shortage of over 100,000  physicians. Access to care will only become a harder problem to solve  the longer it takes to be addressed.   Nonphysician providers, like physician assistants, are an important  part of the solution to this shortage. Physician assistants are highly  trained providers that often focus their training on specialties like  psychiatry, orthopedics, and internal medicine.   It is fitting that my bill would help get more PAs into the VA to  serve veterans. After all, the profession started when a small group of  four Navy corpsmen completed the first PA program started at Duke  University. That first program was based on the fast-tracked training  of doctors during World War II. Veterans and the military have always  been a part of the physician assistant profession.   The PA workforce offers unique value to rural and underserved areas.  In places like northern New Hampshire, in my district, PAs help resolve  shortages for family physicians and primary care physicians, shortages  that have existed for decades.   My bill would leverage the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve  access to quality care for veterans and rural locations alike. It would  create a pilot scholarship program that awards no less than 250  scholarships over 5 years to PAs.   Currently, the VA has approximately 2,000 PAs. My bill would increase  the PA workforce at the VA by over 10 percent.   In exchange for these scholarships, PAs would be required to work at  the VA, and their placement would be focused on sending providers to  rural and underserved areas. We know that if a provider is placed in  New Hampshire, they tend to stay there.   This bill would also help get veterans with medical training in the  workforce and with good-paying jobs. It is crucial that we help our  veterans find excellent career paths that utilize the skills they  learned while in the military service, and it is an added bonus that  these veterans get to take care of their brothers and sisters in arms.   The final provision in my bill was included in the Choice funding  bill we debated just moments ago. This provision would provide PAs in  the VA with competitive pay based on the community they serve. This  provision is crucial because it helps recruit and retain these critical  providers. The GAO recently reported that PAs experience the highest  loss rate of any critical occupation, higher than doctors and nurse  practitioners.   I would like to applaud my colleagues for coming together in a  bipartisan way to craft the Choice funding bill. Not only will the bill  fund the Choice Program for another 6 months, but it includes a number  of important reforms that will improve service for all of our veterans.  These provisions include improved authority for hiring in job shortage  areas, measures to increase accountability within the VA, and my  provision to boost the pay of PAs.    I would like to thank my esteemed colleague on the House Veterans  Affairs' Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Chairman  Bergman. His support for this legislation was crucial to its passage  today. I thank our chairman, Dr. Roe, and our ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to immediately pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, as you heard, I urge my colleagues to support  this smart piece of legislation. But I would like to close by adding,  also, a thank-you to the chairman and to the majority side, once again  showing bipartisanship offering two bills introduced by our side of the  aisle that are being heard here on the floor which can be signed into  law. It is greatly appreciated. It shows that the care of veterans  always comes first. We on the minority side are appreciative of that  courtesy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   