 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very  straightforward. It supports the mission of the underlying bill to  responsibly increase opportunities for hydropower across the Nation.   My amendment authorizes agencies with an existing memorandum of  understanding with FERC to study the expansion of hydropower. The need  for this arises from a project in my district in Summersville, West  Virginia. There is what is called a run-of-the-river hydroelectric  project in Summersville. There is an MOU between the town--the city of  Summersville--FERC, and the Army Corps of Engineers.   The Summersville hydro project was actually licensed by FERC in 1992  and constructed in 2001, with the cooperation of the Army Corps of  Engineers. It provides enough renewable energy to power 22,000 homes.  It might be possible to increase hydropower by adjusting the seasonable  pool levels and managing the releases. Even if this is only for just a  few days, it could result in a 15 percent increase in power generation  for the surrounding community.   Unfortunately, I have heard that even to conduct a study requires  explicit authorization from Congress. So that is what we are doing here  today with this amendment. This amendment would provide that authority,  and only in limited cases where there is an existing MOU on the books  between the agencies and FERC.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Upton).    I yield to the gentleman from Illinois.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the minority very  much for their support on this and, again, to the chair, for his  leadership on this effort.   Mr. Chairman, let me close by thanking specifically a couple of  individuals:   Jim Price, who has been integrally related and involved with this  project from its inception, and I appreciate his leadership so much.   Enel Green Power North America, the operator and developer on this  project. I thank them for their efforts.   Also, the mayor of the city of Summersville, Robert Shafer. I thank  Bob Shafer for his incredible support and leadership in the city of  Summersville.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage support for this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   