 Mr. President, there is a possibility that by the end of  next week, the Senate will have a vote again on a Republican healthcare  bill assembled in the dark of night by one party, without a full  account of what the bill would do. It will be a shameful return to the  same process the majority used to try to ram a bill through in July,  unsuccessfully.   To consider a bill like this without a full CBO score is worse than  negligent; it is grossly irresponsible. We were told yesterday that CBO  may be able to provide a baseline estimate of the cost of the bill but  not the coverage numbers or a detailed analysis of how the bill would  affect Americans' healthcare choices.   We are talking about one-sixth of the economy; we are talking about  the healthcare of the Nation; we are talking about the lives, day in  and day out, of millions of Americans who need healthcare; and we are  not going to really know what the legislation does.   Senators will be voting blind. They say justice is blind, but the  Senators on the other side of the aisle should be walking around here  with a blindfold over their eyes because they don't know what they are  voting on. Maybe they don't care. I don't know how any Senator could go  home to his or her constituents and explain why they voted for a major  bill with major consequences to so many of their people without having  specific answers about how it would impact their State.   What we do know is that this new TrumpCare bill, the Graham-Cassidy  legislation, is worse in many ways than the previous versions of  TrumpCare. The new TrumpCare would devastate our healthcare system in  five specific ways.   First, it would cause millions to lose coverage.   Second, it would radically restructure and deeply cut Medicaid,  ending the program as we know it. It has been the dream of the hard  right to get rid of Medicaid, which could happen, even though it is a  program that affects the poor and so many in the middle-class--nursing  homes, opioid treatment, people who have kids with serious illnesses.   Third, it brings us back to the days when insurance companies could  discriminate against people with preexisting conditions. The ban on  discriminating against people with preexisting conditions would be  gone. We have had a lot of promises from the other side that they would  never vote for a bill that didn't protect people with preexisting  conditions. That seems to be going by the wayside in a headlong rush to  pass a bill so that they can claim a political victory. What about that  mom or dad who finds out his or her son or daughter has cancer, and the  insurance company says: Yes, we will cover you; it will cost you  $50,000. And they don't have it, so they have to watch their child  suffer. This was an advance that almost all Americans supported. It was  an advance most people on the other side of the aisle believe in--gone.   Fourth, the bill gets rid of the consumer protections that guarantee  Americans' access to affordable maternity care, substance abuse  treatment, and prescription drugs. All of those could be out of any  plan. You can pay a lot for a plan and not get much for it in this  bill.   Fifth, it would throw the individual market into chaos immediately,  increasing out-of-pocket costs for individual market consumers and  resulting  [[Page S5828]]  in 15 million people losing coverage next year--15 million people.   On the first point, the new TrumpCare would cause millions to lose  health insurance in two ways: first by undoing the Affordable Care  Act's major coverage expansion under Medicaid and premium and cost- sharing assistance, instead putting that into an inadequate and  temporary block grant, and, second, by radically restructuring and  cutting the traditional Medicaid Program through a per capita cap.   We don't have a CBO score yet, and we may not get one in time. But  previous CBO scores of similar schemes have shown that 30 million  Americans could lose coverage under this bill--30 million Americans--10  percent, approximately, of our population.   On the second point, the new TrumpCare would end Medicaid as we know  it by converting Medicaid's current Federal-State financial partnership  to a per capita cap, which cuts current Medicaid funding levels on an  annual basis. This is a direct blow to nursing home patients and folks  in opioid treatment, and CBO has said that 15 million fewer people  would receive Medicaid under similar proposals.   On the third point, the new TrumpCare actually brings back the  ability of insurers to discriminate against folks with preexisting  conditions, as I mentioned.   Fourth, the new TrumpCare would no longer guarantee consumers  affordable access to maternity care, substance abuse, and prescription  drugs.   Fifth, like previous repeal and replace, it would immediately  eliminate the individual mandate, which would raise the number of  uninsured by 15 million, relative to current law, in 2018 and increase  market premiums by 20 percent.   So vote for this bill, and right away 15 million will lose coverage,  and premiums will go up by 20 percent. People who vote for this bill  are not going to be happy with its results. Each one of these five  things represents a major step backward for our healthcare system,  bringing back discrimination against folks with preexisting conditions  and ending Medicaid as we know it. These are overwhelmingly popular  with Democrats, Independents, and Republicans. The hard right doesn't  like it. The big financiers of the other party don't like entitlements,  but Americans do. We are going to go backward--backward. We are going  to go backward and not even know the effects.   Why is the other side rushing this through? They are ashamed of it.  They need to have that political scalp: See, we abolished ObamaCare.  But what they are putting in its place, even for those who don't like  ObamaCare, is worse. They don't want to know that. The joy they will  have--misplaced joy, in my opinion--of abolishing ObamaCare will  evaporate quite soon when their constituents feel the effects of this  bill and they hear about it from average folks who are so hurt.   The Washington Post summed up Graham-Cassidy yesterday. They said the  bill ``would slash health-care spending more deeply and would probably  cover fewer people than the July bill--which failed because of concerns  over those details.''   Republicans couldn't garner the 50 votes for their various healthcare  plans earlier this year because of how much damage those plans did to  Medicaid, how they rolled back protections for preexisting conditions,  and some opposed it because the process was such a sham. Well, all  three conditions are here again with this bill: cuts to Medicaid, no  guarantee for preexisting conditions, a sham of a bill.   There is a better approach. Right now, Chairman Alexander and Ranking  Member Murray are working in a bipartisan way--holding hearings,  working through committee, coming back and forth between the parties  with discussions. Each side is going to have to give; that is how it  works around here--or should work--in trying to get a proposal that  will improve things. That is the kind of legislating many Members of  the Senate have said they want to get back to. That is the kind of  process worthy of the world's greatest deliberative body.   After a rancorous and divisive healthcare debate, which took up the  better part of this year, Democrats and Republicans have been working  in good faith to come up with a bipartisan agreement on healthcare in  the HELP Committee. The Republican majority would toss all of that away  if they pursue Graham-Cassidy next week the way they are pursuing it-- returning to reconciliation, not working in the committees, no CBO  report, making a mockery of regular order.   I hope, for their sake and the country's sake, my Republican friends  will turn back from this new TrumpCare and join us again on the road to  bipartisanship. We have seen bipartisan sprouts bloom in the last  month. Graham-Cassidy would snuff them out. Nobody wants that--nobody.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The assistant Democratic leader.   