 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding to me, and I appreciate the years that we have sat elbow to  elbow on the Judiciary Committee and on the Constitution and Civil  Justice Subcommittee and have done the battle for life. What I am  reflecting here, tonight, is the sequence of pro-life leaders that I  have had the privilege to walk these floors and halls with.   When Trent Franks and I arrived at this Congress, Henry Hyde had the  lead, and he did so many glorious things to lay the foundation for life  now. Chris Smith was there at his side the full time that I was here,  and then Joe Pitts.   I want to remember Joe Pitts, as well, and Trent Franks. So I put  those four gentlemen in a category of the leaders in this movement here  on the floor of the House of Representatives. I remain counting those  moments precious that I have to serve and work on this cause with each  of you.   This bill that we will bring to the floor tomorrow on a rules vote  and a final passage vote will pass this floor of the House of  Representatives--I have every confidence that it will--and it will be  messaged over to the Senate. There is a lot of work that has been put  into this, the 16 States that have passed the legislation that is  similar to H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.   I just add that, when Mr. Johnson mentioned the seven countries that  allow for an elective abortion after 20 weeks, of course, the United  States; the other six--he mentioned a couple of them--North Korea,  China, which will impose forceable abortions on mothers, that cruel and  heinous activity, Vietnam, Singapore, Netherlands, and Canada. I think  Canada might have been affected with the United States along the way.  The Netherlands is one of the more liberal countries in the world.   And this list is not a list that I want the United States of America  on. I want us out. I want to be able to send this message that a baby  who has a chance at survival at 20 weeks of development from  conception, that at 20 weeks, that precious little baby that Vicky  Hartzler so well described in her presentation here, 65 percent of  premature babies born in the range of 22 to 26 weeks will survive--65  percent.   We all know one or two of those little babies who are walking around.  I ran into a friend after church a couple of weeks ago at the grocery  store who I hadn't seen in several years, and I asked him how his son  was doing.   And I am not going to use names here on purpose.   I asked him how his son was doing. He said: Oh, he is doing fine. He  is 30 years old now. He has got a great job out there. He has got a  family. I have got grandchildren.   All things were wonderful. He knew why I asked him, because we were  doing a job that he was on back then when that little premature boy was  born 21 or 22 weeks old. When he came back from 2 weeks of sitting next  to that child where he could come back home again and go to work  because he now had a good chance that that little boy would be able to  survive, I said: We will spend all kinds of money, won't we? We will do  anything. We will go to any length to keep a child alive who is born  premature.   A child that is born at 20 weeks, 21 weeks, 22, 23, 24, 26 weeks,  there is no expense that we will spare ourselves from because that  life, we know, is so precious.   Well, the life in the womb is as precious as the life out of the  womb, and the pain that that child feels at 20 weeks, 22 weeks, 24  weeks. But this little boy--he remembered what I said to him that day.  I said: You are doing everything to save this little child's life, but  when you go into the polls and vote, you are going to vote on the other  side of that issue like you always have.   And he called me a name that day, kind of like the President did some  of the NFL players, but he remembered exactly what I had said to him  30-some years ago. And he said: You know, you really straightened me  out that day--because I gave him my remarks on that.   Now, that is a change in heart and a change in minds. America has  undergone a change in heart and a change in minds. In fact, I stepped  into a member of my staff's office here just last Friday, and the frame  of the ultrasound of his firstborn is there, and it has been there for  9 years beside his desk. That little child, that little child they  first bonded with him by looking at the ultrasound.    That little child, by the way, is my godson.   So each one of these lives are so utterly precious, and we are not  going to stop. We are going to defend every life we can. We are going  to protect every life we can. We are going to do the right thing that  we can for the babies that we can save. Meanwhile, this goes on the  conscience of America when we fall short.   But we are going to fall short tomorrow. We are going to succeed. We  are going to find a way to move this legislation and others through the  House and through the Senate to a President's desk who will sign that  legislation.   When we contemplate the litigation that is bound to take place-- because there are people that are dug in deeply on promoting and  defending abortion--we are going to have a new Supreme Court. One more  appointment to that Court and we will get this past them, and a number  of other pieces of legislation as well.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his attention,  his years of work on this very precious cause, and all of the rest who  have done so much to step up and defend these lives. I am looking  forward to tomorrow. There should be a great shout of joy coming off  the floor of the House of Representatives.   