 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 425, the Foreign  Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act.   Mr. Speaker, I can't speak to the subject of terrorism without  condemning the senseless and heinous attack that took place yesterday  in New York City. My prayers are with all the individuals and families  that were affected. My utmost respect goes to the New York City  community that, once again, stands strong, stands together,  unintimidated.   Mr. Speaker, I introduced this important piece of legislation, H.R.  425, together with Chairman Poe of the Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee on  Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade.   As we have discussed, this legislation works to strengthen the tools  we have at our disposal for combating terrorism. Put simply, the  Secretary of State can refuse to issue or revoke the passport to any  individual the Secretary determines is affiliated with or has aided,  assisted, or abetted a designated foreign terrorist organization.   The terrorist treats that we face today are complex. Our Federal,  State, and local agencies are fighting terrorism at a time when ISIS  and other terrorist organizations are able to use new technologies and  means of communication to connect with individuals around the globe to  fund, to direct, and inspire acts of terror.   Modes of international travel are more accessible and affordable than  ever, and cross-border flows of people and goods have increased as we  have become more connected in the global world. While these are very  positive developments for exchange, competitiveness, and quality of  life, we also have to be sure we are managing the risks that go along  with this increased connectivity.   We have to make it harder for anyone supporting terrorism to benefit  from the increased ease of global movement. That is why our legislation  is important. We must ensure that the Secretary of State has the clear  authority to refuse a passport to anyone affiliated with or supporting  a designated foreign terrorist organization.   This legislation provides that specific statutory authority, as well  as improved congressional oversight, are in place. It is also important  that there are safeguards in place in order for any law to be  successful. That is why I am pleased that H.R. 425 also includes a  right of review for anyone whose passport has been refused or revoked.   It is absolutely possible to fight terrorism while still upholding  protections for individuals' rights and the rule of law, and it is  critical that we do both. In fighting to protect our communities and  our democracy, we cannot compromise these very things we are fighting  to protect.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Poe for joining me in  introducing H.R. 425, the Foreign Terrorist Organization Passport  Revocation Act. I would like to also thank Chairman Royce and Ranking  Member Engel for their support with this bill as well within the  Foreign Affairs Committee.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge that all of our colleagues join  together in support of this important legislation.   