 Mr. Speaker, I am torn as I rise today. First, there is  no question I will vote in favor of the budget and encourage my  colleagues to do so because there is no doubt this is the best way  forward to achieve tax reform and unlock the promise of bigger  paychecks, more jobs, and the return of investing in America.   However, I must also include that the Senate did not do its work.  After months of hard work by Chairwoman Black and the Budget Committee,  the House was able to get it done. Even acknowledging the difficult  position of our country, they put us on a path to balance the budget in  less than a decade.   The House's budget included reconciliation instructions to speed up  the enactment of $203 billion in mandatory savings, and the House  budget included instructions that allowed us for the first time to stay  on the path to repeal ObamaCare, to help those who continue to suffer  with rising premiums in the individual market.   I would guess that nearly every Republican in the Chamber agrees that  the House's budget is superior.   So why are we voting on the Senate's?   Because our Senate colleagues seem allergic sometimes to making tough  choices.   But why will the Senate's budget pass?   Because the American people need tax relief. Families and small  businesses wrestle with an outdated and complicated Tax Code every  year. It is true, we do have a once-in-a-generation opportunity.   The specter of the IRS and devastating corporate rate mean that  capital and resources are held outside of the United States and not  invested here. Making our Tax Code fairer and simpler will bring this  capital back to the market and jump-start investment and growth like we  have rarely seen in the United States.   Despite my ongoing and deep frustration sometimes with the Senate, I  encourage my colleagues to pass this budget and bring the promise of  more jobs and bigger paychecks closer to reality.   I am pleased by the Speaker's commitment that the House will vote on  important fiscal legislation in the form of balanced budget amendments,  the Default Prevention Act, or some other deficit-reducing legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the bottom line? It is vital that the House fulfill its  promise to the American people.   