 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my  amendment to H.R. 3354, the fiscal year '18 appropriations bill.   My amendment would withhold funding from the Food and Drug  Administration to implement a memorandum of understanding that  redefines key terms in the healthcare industry: distribute and  dispense.   Distributing and dispensing in the healthcare field are commonly  understood to be unique and distinct activities. Distributing is  understood to mean the sale or transfer of a drug without a  prescription, like between a wholesaler and a manufacturer. Dispensing  is commonly understood to mean a medicine going specifically toward a  patient.   The FDA's attempt to redefine these key terms would be especially  detrimental to compounding pharmacies. Compounding pharmacies are  desperately needed to combine or mix medicines to meet the unique needs  of particular patients.   In the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the FDA is given limited  regulatory authority over how much a compounding pharmacy is allowed to  ship across State lines, and more specifically, over how much a  pharmacy can distribute across State lines. But since the FDA is now  attempting to redefine the word ``dispense,'' the agency is attempting  to gain more control over these pharmacies and is now limiting the  amount of medicine that can go directly toward patients.   With the FDA redefining the word ``dispensing,'' the agency is now  also limiting how much a State can dispense across State lines,  creating an unnecessary patient access problem, especially for patients  served by pharmacies near State lines.   This amendment is necessary to convey to the FDA that they do not  have the authority to go against the intent of Congress and redefine  key terms in agency documents that are directly against what Congress  laid out in the statute and the commonly understood meaning of the  industry itself.   The amendment will also enforce the directives in Congress' last two  appropriations reports that have been ignored by the FDA.   Mr. Chairman, I want to repeat that. The amendment will also enforce  the directives in Congress' last two appropriations reports that have  been ignored by the FDA, as well as language in the new FY18  Appropriations subcommittee report.   As the only pharmacist in Congress, I have seen firsthand how  important access to medications are for the people who need them. I  have also seen how important compounded medications are for the  individuals who rely on uniquely tailored medicines. It would be a  tragedy for the FDA to limit these patients' access to medications  because they redefined a term for which they would like to have more  control.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment that is crucial  for patient access to important medications and stop the FDA from  overreaching and going against the intent of Congress.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   