 Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman from Colorado for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so we can turn our attention to the issue that is so  critical for this body to address right now. I speak of the Federal  Communications Commission's decision and its assault on net neutrality.   The FCC is expected to vote tomorrow to eliminate the rules that  protect  [[Page H9864]]  our internet. They are about to fix something that is not broken.   Now, maybe the words ``net neutrality'' make your eyes glaze over,  but this issue is critical to anyone who uses the internet, which is  really all of us, and it is not that complicated.   We call the rules that protect the current internet ``net  neutrality'' because they, more or less, keep the internet neutral for  everyone. A neutral internet means we all have access to the same legal  content and services no matter where or how we get our internet.   These rules aren't new, and they are working. In fact, when you think  about it, one of the last places where quality really reigns in our  society is on the internet. We don't discriminate against the content  or the intellectual creations of one young entrepreneur versus a big  business or an established entity. It is one of the few places left in  America where we are all on equal footing.   That is the current net neutrality system that we must protect. The  folks who want to end net neutrality say they need to rewrite these  rules to spur innovation.   Really, Mr. Speaker?   It is hard to look at the internet as it has blossomed in America and  say we lack innovation. Innovation is everywhere. Look at all the new  apps, websites, devices, and services that we all rely on every day.   This innovation exists not in spite of net neutrality. This  innovation exists, in large part, because of net neutrality. Net  neutrality is not a bug, Mr. Speaker. Net neutrality is a feature, and  that is why we must protect it.   Of course, the real reason that people want to end net neutrality is  money and profitability. Getting rid of net neutrality would expose  consumers to all sorts of practices that, right now, are banned;  practices like throttling, which means the internet company doesn't  have to provide the same access to all companies. So they don't like  one company, they can slow down your access to that site. They could  block the site entirely.   They could tell a streaming service, like Netflix, that they have to  pay more or make their site work differently. These extra costs for  Netflix are going to get passed on to all of us, the consumers.   While some of us have a few choices when it comes to internet service  providers, most of us don't.   How many have more than one option when it comes to internet in your  home or office?   These companies have a functional monopoly, so many of them can do  basically whatever they want and not lose customers. That is why we  need some commonsense rules in place to protect consumers. These rules  are called net neutrality.   So what can we do to stop the FCC from harming this free internet?   Well, I have introduced legislation in just the last couple of days  that would block this proposal and protect the internet. H.R. 4585, the  Save Net Neutrality Act, would simply prevent the FCC from relying on  this process they have used to roll these rules back. It is really that  simple. And we know the FCC's rulemaking process was so messed up, so  corrupted, so screwed up that it is being investigated right now by the  New York attorney general.   So I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to defeat  the previous question so we can move to debate my bill, the Save Net  Neutrality Act, and address this critical issue. This is our chance to  protect the internet, as it has always existed, an internet that is  working fine as it is.   To the FCC, we say: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.   