 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I might  consume.   Onshore Order 3, put in place by the last administration, creates a  number of unnecessary and duplicative burdens that cause energy  production to be much more difficult.   Now, many people visualize that oil wells are drilled into the ground  and then they just produce oil on their own; that it flows to the  surface magically, and it remains unabated through the life of the oil  well. It is not true at all.   What actually happens is that there is a pool of oil at the bottom of  the well, and as it is produced, the production gets smaller each day  until eventually the small production is classified as stripper well  production.   Now, the Saudi Arabians, about every 10 years, come in and kill the  stripper wells because that would be approximately 2 to 3 billion  barrels of oil a year they could produce that would be shut down here.   In my home county of Lee County, New Mexico, we hunker down when we  see these economic attacks coming, and we simply make it through; not  because it is economic, not because it is productive, but because it is  one of the few economic drivers of New Mexico. Oil and gas provides  about 40 percent of our teachers' pay, 40 percent of police pay. So it  is just our way of life.   But the stripper wells are not extremely economic. So when this  Onshore Order 3 came into place, it actually is assisting the Saudi  Arabians to try to drive stripper wells out of existence because it is  the small producers, it is the guys who will stay there and produce the  wells when nobody has economic interest in them. They like sweeping up  the crumbs off of the energy table.   So Onshore Order 3 puts in processes that require monitoring that is  already provided at the point of sale. So it is not as if somehow the  government's being cheated. It just is trying to squeeze more out of  these uneconomic wells.   The estimates are that we have shut down a great number of those  wells, affecting teachers' pay, affecting the economy of New Mexico,  killing jobs.   So my amendment is very simple. It would prevent funds from being  used to fund the BLM Onshore Order Rule No. 3.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert), the chairman of the committee and  subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Chairman, I think it is clear that what is at stake  is 2.6 billion barrels of oil a day made from wells that make maybe one  or two barrels, three barrels a day. They are not extremely economic,  but those businesses are located in New Mexico. Those businesses keep  their headquarters there. They are just small mom-and-pop operators  that care enough about the energy business to stay out there, and so  when the government does things that says we are not going to let you  operate, that we are going to shut you down, it accomplishes what the  Saudi Arabians have never been able to accomplish, and that is defeat  the spirit that says we can survive any attacks.   Mr. Chair, again, I urge people to support this amendment and the  underlying bill, H.R. 3354, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the venting and flaring rule was, again, put in place  by the last administration, intending for BLM to regulate methane.  Historically, that had been regulated by the EPA.   Now, keep in mind that methane production from oil wells is down 21  percent since 1990, while production is going up. Production is going  up, methane production is down. So we wonder why the administration  came at the last second to put this rule into place.   Basically, the argument is exactly the same for opposing that venting  and flaring rule that what is at stake are not the good wells. Those  wells are going to produce in their economic with whatever burdens are  placed on them. What is at stake are the stripper wells which, again,  make up 2.6 billion barrels of production in the U.S. every day, 145  million barrels of production in the State of New Mexico. So you can  imagine the economic catastrophe if that 145 million barrels weren't  available to the State to both tax and to provide jobs.   Again, 40 percent of New Mexico's pay, roughly the teachers' pay, the  police pay, roughly that much comes from oil and gas production. You  can do the math and see how much New Mexico would be affected if this  venting and flaring rule continues to place the burden on the well.   The estimates are for each well that a cost of $60,000 is going to be  required to come into compliance. Again, keep in mind that this rule  comes after the methane is more carefully controlled today under  greater production than it ever has been. The estimates are that we  will lose thousands of wells if this venting and flaring rule  continues.   Again, it is the stripper wells which are most at harm. If we lose  the 2.6 billion barrels of stripper well production every year because  of the high cost of implementation of the venting and flaring rule,  that is going to mean we are less energy independent, that we rely more  on outside sources. It is going to drive the price of gasoline up. The  people who can afford it least are the people at the bottom of the  economic ladder. They will be the ones penalized most by rising prices  of gasoline and decreasing supplies of oil.   Mr. Chair, again, I would urge people to support this amendment, the  underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert), the chairman of the subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).   