 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, for the folks who might be watching this today, I think it  is important to understand that bad ozone causes a whole lot of health  problems--things like making it difficult to breathe deeply. It can  aggravate your emphysema. It can cause a sore and scratchy throat. It  can aggravate lung diseases like asthma, emphysema, and bronchitis. And  it is actually associated with asthma attacks, as I mentioned, and it  can cause very serious obstructive pulmonary disease. It is a bad  thing, it is dangerous, and it hurts people.   In the Obama administration, we tried to pass some standards to say  that companies that emit the polluting substances have to comply with  certain air standards to make sure that people don't suffer these nasty  health effects.   What is going on today with H.R. 806 is that the Republicans are  going to say: No, they don't have to implement right away. They have  got a lot more time, years, before they actually have to comply with  these air standards.   So what they are saying is that industries that pollute don't have to  take the measures that they would need to take that will cost them  money--yes, they will--in order to protect the public's health. They  are saying that their money and the profits of their shareholders are  more important than the lungs of our kids.   You are going to hear them say all this stuff about jobs, jobs.  Please. This is not about jobs. This is about money. This is about  profitability from polluting industries that don't want to spend the  money to protect the public's health. That is what this is about. That  is what we are talking about.   They always say: You can have a job, or you can breathe, but you  can't do both. That is what our friends say. You can breathe, but then  you won't have a job; or you can have a job, but then you can't  breathe.   The fact is, they want to send us to work with gas masks on, and it  is wrong. We as a people deserve to breathe. Our kids deserve to  breathe. Our seniors deserve to breathe. If it costs a company a little  bit more to make sure the air that we have is breathable, then they  should spend that money. I believe that they should, because when you  look at the health costs on the other side, they are astronomical. What  does it cost to lose a loved one dying from an asthma attack or  bronchitis or obstructive pulmonary disease? What does it cost a family  in terms of not just treasure but heartache when they have their loved  ones hooked up to a bunch of machines and wires because they are  undergoing a respiratory attack? That is the cost. That is the true  cost that we have to consider, Mr. Chair.   The real cost here is not this mythical jobs thing that they say. The  real cost they are talking about is profitability, but the true cost to  society is our health. Do you really want to see missed days of school,  missed days of work? Do you really want to see more people incurring  medical bills because of the failure of industry to protect our health  when they are taking that stuff that they are spitting out of their  smokestacks and putting it into the sky that we all have to breathe?   Mr. Chair, it is time to say ``no'' to H.R. 806. No.   The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Bridenstine). The time of the gentleman has  expired.   