 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. My reason is very  simple: Mrs. DeVos lacks the experience required to oversee the  Department of Education, an agency that serves over 50 million public  school children across America.   Despite spending many years giving hundreds of millions of dollars to  back political candidates and ballot initiatives that support unproven  education policies, she remains shockingly unfamiliar with Federal law  and even some very basic education concepts. Educating our children is  an incredibly important job, and we need someone who is experienced,  prepared, and well qualified to lead the Department of Education.   As I have said before, Mrs. DeVos has no experience in public  education at any level, not as a teacher, not as an administrator, not  as a student, not as a parent, not as a school board member, and not  even as a borrower of public loans for college.   Ask any parent; our children are what we hold most dear. It only  makes sense that the individual whom we entrust with our children's  education should have at least some--some--experience in public  education. Mrs. DeVos has absolutely no experience--I repeat, no  tangible experience--with neighborhood public schools. In fact, her  only experience in education is her work lobbying for the transfer of  taxpayer money to private schools.   She has also pushed for the rapid expansion of charter schools  without sufficient accountability to parents and to students, which  brings me to her track record in my home State of Michigan. Mrs. DeVos  has pushed for school vouchers to send our public tax dollars to  private schools. Her staunch advocacy for the use of taxpayer funding  for private and charter school systems earned her the nickname as the  ``four-star general of the pro-voucher movement.''   The vast majority of children in Michigan and in the United States  attend neighborhood public schools. Voucher programs rob these children  of the resources they need to receive high-quality education near where  they live. Michigan voters soundly rejected her plan, and we cannot--I  repeat, we cannot--put her in a position to push for voucher programs  on a national scale that will weaken our neighborhood schools and will  weaken, in particular, our rural schools.   Let me be clear: I support innovative models for improving our  education system but only when those models are proven to work. For  example, I worked hard to ensure that all children have access to the  skills and education that are vital to joining the modern workforce and  competing in today's global economy. I introduced legislation that will  reduce the price tag for higher learning by allowing students to  complete college-level courses while they are still in public high  school.   The Making Education Affordable and Accessible Act will help students  save time and money as they kick-start their careers through a very  personalized curriculum. Whether an early-middle college program or a  dual and concurrent enrollment program, these models help traditional  public school students save money and get ahead by earning college  credits while they finish their high school education.   These programs are typically run by a local school district or an  intermediate school district and are offered at little or no cost to  the student. They also help students identify their major or interest  area sooner so that they can complete their college degree and graduate  as much as 1 year earlier. Across the State of Michigan, students are  participating in more than 90 early and middle college programs,  programs that are proven to significantly increase high school  graduation rates.   Jobs for the Future found that, nationally, 90 percent of early  college students graduate high school versus 78 percent nationally.  This is just one example of the kind of innovative approach with proven  results that policymakers should support to improve education outcomes.   Education reform must be driven by data and validated outcomes and  not by political ideology. Our primary focus must always be on  increasing opportunities for the millions of students in our  neighborhood public schools. Given Mrs. DeVos's history of supporting  policies that undermine traditional public schools and the communities  they serve, I do not think she would act in the best interests of  American students.   Michigan has been devoted to great public education for generations,  a commitment that stretches back to even before the founding of our  State. Some of our State's earliest pioneers, including my ancestors,  settled under the guidance of the Northwest Ordinance, which stated  that ``schools and the means of education shall forever be  encouraged.'' Our Nation has strived to live up to this creed ever  since, honoring the fundamental truth that all of our children have the  right to an education no matter who they are, where they live, how much  money their parents have, or how they learn.   All levels of government--State, local and Federal--share the  responsibility of ensuring that our children have access to quality  education. In addition to providing significant Federal dollars to  local school districts, the Federal Government plays a critical role in  preventing discrimination and creating opportunity.   Federal education laws play a vital roll in ensuring that all  students have equal access to learning opportunities, laws like the  landmark 1975 Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, or IDEA.   Before the enactment of IDEA, too many of our children with  disabilities were denied the chance to learn from our broader  communities. Likewise, our broader communities were denied the chance  to learn from these youth and the extraordinary perspectives and  contributions they offer to American society.   Now, thanks to IDEA, 6.5 million of our children, or 13 percent of  all public school students, are not condemned to a life of isolation or  mere accommodation. Instead, Federal law ensures that every child has  access to the resources he or she needs to become productive and  included members of our increasingly diverse 21st-century society.   IDEA assists public schools with offering high-quality special  education and early intervention services for children with  disabilities from birth to age 21. As a result, IDEA is responsible for  millions of youth with disabilities graduating from high school,  enrolling in college, and finding jobs as valuable participants in the  American economy.   But IDEA will not enforce itself; it is the responsibility of the  Department of Education and its leadership to monitor, evaluate, and  provide technical assistance to States, making sure that our schools  are offering learning opportunities that meet every student's needs.   It is the responsibility of the Senate to determine whether Mrs.  DeVos can carry out this task and live up to the creed of ``forever  encouraging'' education. Unfortunately, Mrs. DeVos has demonstrated  little comprehension of the Federal role in protecting students with  disabilities' equal right to an education. This became evident when she  was asked directly about IDEA during her confirmation hearing, and Mrs.  DeVos tried to excuse her erroneous answer by saying, ``I may have  confused it.'' Every student knows the importance of doing their  homework, studying for their exams, and practicing for any class  presentations in advance. Every educator knows that the answer ``I may  have confused it'' is not a response that leads to a passing grade.   With the stakes as high as they are, it is clear that Mrs. DeVos did  not do her homework. She did not study for her potential role. She did  not practice for her interview with the Senate committee and, most  importantly, the  [[Page S706]]  American people. She has contributed millions of dollars to Republican  politicians over the years and probably thought that was the only  qualification that she needed. We need to prove to the American people  that she is wrong.   I take my responsibility under the U.S. Constitution to provide  advise and consent to the President very seriously, and I know my  colleagues here in the Senate do so as well. Given Mrs. DeVos's weak  performance in her interview before the American people and her  inability to demonstrate a basic understanding of key education  concepts, I do not think we can give her a passing grade.   As Senators, we do not operate under a model of social promotion  under which we pass an unqualified individual to a higher office simply  because they showed up. Perhaps this is why Mrs. DeVos's nomination is  expected to see the most bipartisan opposition to her confirmation of  all of the President's nominations to date.   Mrs. DeVos's response regarding IDEA during her confirmation hearing  was not the only response that I found alarming. As the father of two  college-age daughters, I am extremely concerned about ensuring that our  college campuses provide safe environments where students can learn and  grow.   I was shocked by a recent comprehensive report done by one school  that found that over 20 percent of female undergraduates experienced  unwanted sexual contact. Sadly, this problem is not confined to one  school. It is a public safety and health crisis that we must  immediately take action to address.   The Department of Education has taken important first steps to combat  the prevalence of campus sexual assault by opening investigations in  over 200 schools and publishing guidance to ensure that universities  are affording students title IX protections, the freedom from  discrimination on the basis of sex and freedom from sexual violence.   Mrs. DeVos apparently has a different reaction to the threats many  young students face while pursuing their higher education. As we saw  during her confirmation hearing, she said it is ``premature'' for her  to say if she will choose to uphold the Department of Education's  guidance on preventing sexual violence. This is completely unacceptable  to me as a Senator representing over 500,000 undergraduate students  attending one of Michigan's outstanding colleges and universities, and  this is completely unacceptable to me as a father.   It is also unacceptable in the eyes of over 1,000 graduates of the  same school in Michigan that Mrs. DeVos attended herself: Calvin  College. Calvin College alumni from the class of 1947 to the class of  2020 sent my office an extensive petition expressing their deep concern  with Mrs. DeVos's nomination. In their letter, these alumni presented  several reasons they oppose Mrs. DeVos's confirmation. Specifically,  they expressed concerns that she does not understand or support the  many Federal policies--like IDEA and title IX--that she would be  required to enforce. They wrote: ``This is especially concerning given  that the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and title IX,  which ensure that all students' educational experiences are free of  discrimination that impede learning, are not of value to Mrs. DeVos.''  I cannot agree more with her fellow alumni.   My office has received over 8,000 calls in opposition to the  nomination of Betsy DeVos, and I am sure my colleagues have also heard  from thousands of their own constituents all across this country. The  American people are making their voices heard, and they are telling the  Senate that Mrs. DeVos is not the right choice to lead the Department  of Education. I urge my colleagues to listen to their constituents who  are forcefully--forcefully--rejecting Mrs. DeVos's misguided vision for  neighborhood public schools in America.   I will be standing with the people of Michigan, and I once again call  on my colleagues to join the bipartisan opposition to Mrs. DeVos's  nomination. Our children's future depends on it, and for their sake,  please vote no.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   