 Mr. President, I urge my friend, the Senator from  Delaware, to get to the train station.   First of all, I wish to thank Senator Heitkamp for bringing this  group together. There has been a lot of talk about what ideas can fix  the Affordable Care Act, and here we are hearing some of the ideas that  we will offer.   Senator Kaine has had to hear this story before, but before I was in  politics, I had a pretty long career in venture capital and invested in  a lot of businesses. Some of those businesses managed to eke out a  living, but the thing that was remarkable about the companies is that  the companies that were the most successful weren't the ones that had  the perfect business plan. They weren't the ones that had the newest  ideas. The companies that were the most successful were the ones that  were able to adapt and change. I never, ever invested in a business  that ever met its business plan. Every one had to change in some way-- alter.   The truth of the matter is, as to the Affordable Care Act, for all  its good things, there were things we got wrong. I will be the first to  acknowledge that. There have been a lot of us in this body who over the  last couple of years--again, I thank the Senator from North Dakota, who  has been a part of these efforts--have said that maybe we need to do a  little less bureaucracy in the ACA in terms of reporting requirements.  Maybe we ought to have a cheaper option. We have gold and silver and  bronze. I remember working with the former Senator from Alaska on this.  Maybe we ought to have a copper plan, as well, to try to get those  young people invested in buying that first plan.   We said that maybe we ought to take an idea that came from the other  side of the aisle, and, as long as we have appropriate consumer  protections, go ahead and let insurance products get sold across State  lines so there is more  [[Page S3825]]  competition. Then, we saw more problems arise. Unfortunately, problems  arose with the ACA, as we have seen this administration and others try  to knock out some of the building blocks that built up the ACA--risk  corridors, cost sharing, or more recently the administration saying  that we may just ignore part of the bill that says there is an  individual mandate. Consequently, that means the insurance company had  to charge a heck of a lot more money because they weren't sure whether  the law was going to be in force.   We have had people like the Senator from New Hampshire say: Well, I  had an idea on cost sharing that might fix it. My dear friends, the  other Senator from Virginia and the Senator from Delaware said: Let's  go out and do that reinsurance plan, so that if there are  extraordinarily high-cost plans, maybe that will be a secondary  backdrop so premiums will not have to be so high. I am proud to support  and be a cosponsor on both of those pieces of legislation.   Then, as only the Senator from Missouri can do, she came up with the  most obvious of, at least, a short-term solution that says: My gosh, if  for some reason, because there have been efforts to sabotage the ACA,  we don't have enough offerings for at least some stopgap period, we  ought to allow all the folks in our States, if they don't have any  coverage, to at least get the same kind of coverage we get. That is  kind of Harry Truman basic common sense--Missouri common sense.   So I hope our colleagues, after they get out of one more secret  meeting in one more basement or secret location, will come back and  start talking about these solutions--solutions that don't start with  the premise that we are going to give folks like me a tax cut or that  we are going to take a meat ax to Medicaid or that we are going to come  up with a proposal that will take 22 million Americans off of health  insurance.   The ACA didn't get it entirely right. There is a lot of room for  improvement. We have asked our friends on the other side to meet us  halfway and to try to bring the kind of bipartisan spirit we all talk  about on this issue that affects each and every American and one-sixth  of our economy. We can do it. We can do it right, but it is going to  take the kind of cooperation and the kinds of good ideas that are being  offered by my colleagues on the floor.   I yield the floor.   