 Mr. President, on the matter that was being discussed--I  am on the Finance Committee. There has not been a hearing on this bill,  not a single hearing. A markup is not a hearing. People might say,  well, why is that a big deal? Why is that relevant? Because a hearing  is an opportunity for the American people to say whether they want this  bill or not. A hearing is an opportunity for an economist to come to  the Senate and say whether they want this bill. A markup is a chance  for Senators to say what is on their mind, not for the American people  to be able to say what is on their mind. That is what I am thinking  about today.   I wanted to start my remarks with a little bit of a history lesson  because this Chamber seems to forget what it has said, where it has  been, and it is only if you have a case of terrible amnesia that you  can support this legislation.   When Bill Clinton left the White House, he left his successor a  projected surplus of $5.6 trillion. That is what George Bush inherited  when he became President. The Senate was actually having hearings about  what to do with the surplus and whether that surplus constituted some  sort of threat to the economy. That is what he left behind. Then,  George Bush, with this Congress, cut taxes in 2001. They didn't pay for  those tax cuts. They didn't need to because they would pay for  themselves. That is what they said. It is exactly  [[Page S7667]]  what they are saying today. It is exactly what they are saying today.  In 2003, they passed another tax cut, and they didn't pay for it, but  they said it would pay for itself. Incredibly, the 2003 tax cut came  after we had invaded Iraq under a pretext by that administration. Not  only did we never ask the American people to pay for those wars, we cut  their taxes and put the burden on their children. That supply-side  economics, which is exactly the same movie we are seeing today,  resulted in the worst recession since the Great Depression.   We had a 10-percent unemployment rate when Barack Obama became  President of the United States. Guess what else we had. We had a $1.5  trillion deficit, not a $5.6 trillion surplus--a $1.5 trillion deficit  because of two unpaid-for wars, because of two tax cuts that weren't  paid for that were going to pay for themselves, and because they passed  something called Medicare Part D--the prescription drug program for  seniors--that they didn't pay for. The minute Barack Obama became  President, they said it was his deficit. They wouldn't lift a finger to  help working people in America who had lost their jobs in the worst  recession since the Great Depression, brought on by their own economic  policies and by the fecklessness of some of the largest banks in this  country. They wouldn't lift a finger.   Then-Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said in 2011--this is in 2011-- ``Now, we've reached the point where our deficits and debts are so  large they're suffocating job growth, threatening the wider economy,  and imperiling entitlements.'' That is when we were in the depths a  recession we had not seen since the Great Depression.   When Barack Obama left office, the deficit was about $550 billion.  Today, it is $660 billion. As a result of this plan, J.P. Morgan was  telling us, yesterday or the day before, that this will be the largest  nonrecession-caused deficit in our history since World War II. What a  disgrace. And for what? To give taxes to the wealthiest people in  America.   This is an unusual thing to do, but I am putting up the Republicans'  chart. This is their chart. The Senator from Pennsylvania is on the  floor. This is their chart, where they are telling my farmers and  ranchers in rural Colorado that they should be satisfied with these  percentages they are giving them, these rate cuts they are giving them.  You can't eat percentages. You can't feed your family on rate cuts. You  can't run your farm or your ranch on rate cuts.    Do they think they are not going to get it figured out? Colorado's  Republicans are too smart for this bill. They are too smart for this  bill. So are Colorado's Democrats and Independents. Unlike us, they  actually have to worry about the next generation of Americans. That is  all they do. They know our politics is not up to that. It is not up to  the aspirations they have for their kids and for their grandkids.   No piece of legislation could illustrate how right they are than this  piece of legislation and the mistruths that have been used to sell--the  President going to Missouri and saying: This is a middle-class tax cut.  This hurts the rich like me.   No, it doesn't. What people are concerned about, and what they will  be concerned about is, their aftertax income as a result of the changes  that are being made, and this is the best year. I didn't bring out the  worst year. This is 2019. This is what you are going to be getting. It  is great if you are up here, and you are making more than $1 million-- where, by the way, I have not met a person who says they have cashflow  problems that this tax cut is going to help them with.   I know a lot of people in Colorado--and I will bet you in Arkansas  and in Pennsylvania--who are still struggling because middle-class  family incomes have been flat for 20 years, and the costs of housing,  higher education, early childhood education, and healthcare are forcing  them to make choices that their parents and grandparents never had to  make for their kids.   What a shame to be taking healthcare away from 13 million people in  this bill, instead of trying to make the system better. This bill  rejects all the testimony we had in hearing after hearing on the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.   This is my final chart. This is the math of this bill. This bill  takes $34 billion a year--not 1 year, a year--in tax cuts and gives it  to 572,000 taxpayers. You can't even see that. I know you can't see it  on the TV. It looks like a pencil line because that is the scale. That  is how few people there are in our economy--572,000 people getting $34  billion. If you include the estate tax, which I didn't here, it is $39  billion. It is $40 billion going to families who are lucky enough to  make more than $1 million a year. These are the taxpayers who make  $50,000 or less in our economy. There are 90 million of them, not  572,000. There are 90 million of them. They get $14 billion out of this  bill. That is an average tax cut of $160--$7.50.   These aren't talking points. This is the math that is at the heart of  the deal the Republicans have said is a middle-class tax cut. You know  what is even worse about it? Just like the 2001 tax cuts, just like the  2003 tax cuts, they are not paying for it. They are borrowing the money  from middle-class families all over the country, from the sons and  daughters of teachers, firefighters, and police officers. That is who  is going to have to pay back that bill. And for what? To end poverty in  America? No. To invest in infrastructure or healthcare or to strengthen  our safety net? No. To fritter it away on $34 billion worth of tax cuts  for the wealthiest people in America.   I am going to close by saying this. Before I got here 9 years ago, I  never would have believed that something this cynical could happen on  the floor of the Senate. I wouldn't have believed it. Colleagues of  mine who said for years that this is all just about getting to cuts to  Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid, I would say: No, it is not.  People care about this. They want to sort out our fiscal condition. I  was wrong. They were right. This is about that. That is what they are  going to come back here and do. It is going to be really hard to  withstand it.   President Trump, after all this for the last 10 years around here,  since we were fighting, trying to fight out of the worst recession  since the Great Depression--which we did, by the way--in the name of  fiscal responsibility, we had fiscal cliffs; in the name of fiscal  responsibility, we had government shutdowns; in the name of fiscal  responsibility, we passed 30 temporary budgets that no school district  in Colorado could get away with once. Have we managed to restore our  fiscal health? No. Have we piled on more debt for our kids and  grandkids? Yes. That is what is going to happen here.   It is no wonder, when we elected a President, somebody who told the  American people--and was nominated by the Republican Party and elected  by the United States of America--President Trump promised that he would  eliminate our debt ``over a period of eight years''; that he would  deliver ``a giant, beautiful, massive'' tax cut--that was supposed to  be for the forgotten man. Unless the people making over $1 million are  the ``forgotten man,'' he didn't deliver on that--pass ``one of the  largest increases in national defense spending in American history;''  while saying, ``I'm not going to cut Social Security . . . and I'm not  going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.''   There is a job that every American has to do for the next generation  of Americans; that is, to leave more opportunity, not less, to the  people who are coming after us. This bill that has been so falsely  described and written in such a way that it actually denies the middle  class in America benefits it really could use and does so by putting a  bunch more debt on the backs of their children is something this Senate  should reject.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania is recognized.    Mr. President, I don't want to get in the way of my  friend from South Carolina, for whom I have tremendous respect.   Point 1, nothing that I said was about anything other than real  people. The real people in Colorado are going to be able to do this  math, and they are going to know what it says.   Point 2, those 1920s that you mentioned ended up with, then, the  worst depression since the beginning of the country, and we had the  worst income inequality in 1928. Guess when the next time was that that  happened. It was when George Bush handed over the keys to Barack Obama.  That was the next moment in time, when he was leaving, that we had that  kind of income inequality. That has not been fixed, and that is not  being fixed by this plan. It is being made worse by this plan for all  of the reasons that I said.   The final point that I will make--and then I will stop and get out of  the way--is that, if you have this much conviction, at least you could  pay for it. It would be nice for you to pay for it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Carolina is recognized.    Mr. President, talk about the swamp. All of the folks who  voted in this election do not have the swamp in Washington, DC--they  are watching this happen right in front of their eyes tonight. We have  a bunch of amendments that were dropped in by lobbyists here last night  that we haven't seen, except that we received a list from them, and we  have illegible amendments now at the desk that, even if we could read  them, we wouldn't be able to. It just doesn't make any sense.   I will tell you something else that doesn't make any sense. It  doesn't make any sense that, in our economy, 90 percent of our folks-- the bottom 90 percent--earned the same amount of income as the top 10  percent. The top 10 percent earned 50 percent of the income in this  country, and the bottom 90 percent earned the other 50 percent. You can  see the direction that these lines have headed over a number of years.   That is the issue that we confront in our economy. That is what we  all should be working on in a bipartisan way to try to address.  Unfortunately, instead of improving the circumstances for people in the  bottom 90 percent of earners, the decision has been made, because of an  economic philosophy that has to do with trickle-down economics, to give  the benefits to the people who are doing pretty well--and not just  pretty well but better than they have done since 1928, and we stated  earlier today on this floor what a miracle the tax policies were in the  early 1920s.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). The Democrats' time has expired.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an additional  2 minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania.   In addition, we cannot afford to do this. Right now, we are  collecting, before this tax cut goes into effect, 18 percent of our  gross domestic product in taxes and revenue. We are spending 21 percent  of our gross domestic product, and that leaves us with a deficit.   Because this place lacks the courage to deal with the issues that we  must confront, unlike our parents and grandparents, we have hollowed  out discretionary spending. We are spending 35 percent less than we  were in 1980 as a percentage of our GDP.   Yesterday, we had testimony in the Armed Services Committee that we  need a trillion additional dollars to modernize our defense. We know  how dangerous this world is with what is happening on the Korean  Peninsula and with what is happening in the Middle East.   Why was it OK for our parents and grandparents to invest in us, but  we are unwilling to invest in the next generation of Americans? Not  only are we unwilling to invest in them, but we are saddling them with  the debt that has arisen from our inability to make proper decisions.  We are doing it now in plain sight of budget projections that show that  the money is just not here.   I think we have a decision to make as to whether we want to live up  to the example our parents and grandparents set for us and whether we  are willing to make the kinds of investments in the next generation  that they were willing to make in us.   I yield the floor.   