 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Raskin. It is a real  honor to be able to co-chair this Special Order hour with the  gentleman. The gentleman is one of the most brilliant Members of our  body on constitutional issues and constitutional law, really  understanding our role in Congress as a check on the executive branch,  and I look forward to working with the gentleman. I appreciate Liz  Bartolomeo's and my staff's help in organizing this.   Mr. Speaker, I want to echo what Congresswoman Jayapal said about  this bill and the impact it is going to have on middle class families  and on jobs, because here is one of the things that Congresswoman  Jayapal said that folks don't understand: this bill is going to affect  almost every family that has someone that goes for eldercare, to a  nursing home.   The average cost at a nursing home is about $80,000 a year. Most  families can't afford that. Most middle class--most upper middle class  families can't afford that.   So what do they do when their savings run out?   Medicare, by the way, doesn't cover nursing home costs. They rely on  Medicaid.   What this bill does, in a shocking way, is say: we are going to cut  Medicaid funding. Of course, we are going to conveniently cut it  starting 7 years from now, coincidentally, after everyone has faced  reelection, because we don't want people to know that we are going to  cut these programs that they rely on. We are going to start these cuts  7 years from now, and we are going to make sure that people no longer  have access to funding to be able to go for eldercare.   Now, here is what is so problematic about this from an economic  perspective. One of the biggest job creators, according to McKinsey and  according to every economic study, is in healthcare, is for eldercare.  Medicaid creates more jobs for working class families and middle class  families at a time of globalization and automation than probably any  other significant government program.   So not only are we hurting middle class families and the elderly, we  are eliminating the very jobs that we ought to be creating at a time of  automation. We are eliminating jobs of people who are going to take  care of folks who are sick or folks who are elderly, service jobs, jobs  that should be paying more.   At the same time, we are coupling this with drastic cuts in a budget  for Alzheimer's research and for research on diseases that are  affecting middle class families.   Congressman Raskin said what the bill's motivation is. It is to  really save money for tax cuts for the well-off--not for the well-off  talking about people  [[Page H5104]]  making 70 grand or 80 grand or $100,000. Those are folks who are going  to need Medicaid. We are talking about tax cuts for people who are  making over $1 million, over $1.5 million.   Now, let's put aside the President that he said it is mean. Let's  just see what is their philosophy. Give him the benefit of the doubt.  Why do they want to do this? Because they think that giving these tax  cuts to these multimillionaires is going to somehow fuel more  entrepreneurship and more growth.   I ask people who are listening to this: Is that the problem in our  country? Is that really the issue, that we think millionaires and  corporations aren't making enough profits? Is that really what is the  issue about why we aren't creating jobs? Or is the issue that, for half  this country, their wages have stagnated for the past 30 years, and  that people can't afford a decent place to live, college, and  healthcare, and they are having trouble getting jobs?   If you believe that the problem is we need more corporate profits, we  need more speculation on Wall Street, and we need more economic breaks  for the investor class, that that is really what America needs at this  moment in our economy, then I suppose you could look for the Republican  bill. But if you believe that the real problem in our economy is that  the middle class and the working class are getting squeezed by the  economic concentration of power, by the excess on Wall Street, that  ordinary folks are having a hard time getting jobs, and that what we  really need to be doing is providing more jobs in healthcare for people  so that they can have a decent middle class life, that what we really  need to be doing is providing middle class families with basic economic  security so they know that when they retire they will have some dignity  for them, or their spouses when they fall sick, that they know that  they won't be bankrupt because they have to bear the cost of the care  for their parents; if you believe that we ought to be on the side of  middle class families--working class families--then it is such a no- brainer that you would oppose this bill.   I will just end with this: People often say, Well, what can we do?   Well, I think you can speak out. I believe you should speak out and  hold every Member in this body and in the Senate accountable because  this bill is about our fundamental values. It is about what type of  country we want to be. Are we going to be a country that gives power to  the elite and believes that that is the ticket to American success? Or  are we going to bet on middle class families and working class families  like we have throughout our history?   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Raskin, and I am looking forward to  co-chairing this with the gentleman.    