 Mr. Speaker, I thank the sheriff so much  for his leadership tonight and throughout the course as we honor law  enforcement and police here and across the country.   I rise today to honor the brave men and women of our police forces in  the Eighth Congressional District and across the Nation.   I have got to tell you that it is challenging to find the right words  to thank those who literally lay their lives on the line for others  each and every day--most of the time for people who they have never  met.   This past Monday, I had the incredible privilege of joining the  Jackson Police Department and the Madison County Sheriff's Office at a  memorial service in Jackson, Tennessee. I was moved to see not just the  active and retired officers there but also the family members of those  who died in the line of duty.    During the ceremony, there was a wreath for all those who have lost  their lives in the line of duty in the Jackson and Madison County area.  The names of those officers, sheriff's deputies, and law enforcement  officials who laid their lives on the line, going back to the 1800s,  were read. For some of those who died many years ago, there were no  family members there. There were family members for those who died  going back 60 and 70 years ago in the line of duty.   Each of those family members were given a rose that they would place  in a wreath--a memorial for all those who have died in the line of  duty. It was very moving to see those family members and, obviously, to  hear the names of those people who have given their lives in the line  of duty.   The ceremony reminded me of the daily sacrifices that our law  enforcement make in order to protect and serve their communities, their  State, and their country. These men and women have families, hobbies,  and places of worship. They are heroes living among us who deserve our  praise each and every day.   During my time as the United States Attorney for the Western District  of Tennessee, I worked closely with our police departments and law  enforcement agencies to tackle violent crime. Our men and women in law  enforcement were on the front lines of some of the most incredibly  dangerous and sensitive situations. I feel fortunate to have seen how  their tireless work saves lives and changes communities for the better.   I also want to take time to thank those in the United States Capitol  Police here in Washington, D.C. They are some of the finest, sharpest  men and women in the country. We can rest easier knowing they are  watching closely over our Nation's capital and protecting our  democracy.   This is a pivotal time for our country. We must not forget the  significance of maintaining law and order. At  [[Page H4302]]  a time when it seems so many in our society have grown distrustful and  disrespectful of law enforcement, the overwhelming majority of the  people in the country respect our law enforcement. They need to know  that they have our support now more than ever. Too often, their courage  and selfless deeds go unnoticed and unacknowledged. Whether it is  bringing violent criminals to justice, rushing to the scene of a  terrible incident, or keeping constant watch over our schools and  neighborhoods, our police officers serve with such distinction. We must  not take their service and steady presence for granted.   I have never been more appreciative of law enforcement for all that  they do to keep us safe. National Police Week is a solemn time as we  remember those we have lost. We must also celebrate our active police  officers and law enforcement who will continue to serve our country for  future generations.   I thank the sheriff for allowing me to speak this evening on behalf  of all those in law enforcement. We truly appreciate their service.   