 Mr. President, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  not just today but all of the years in which he has led this battle. He  is right. We have served together now in both Chambers and, in fact,  when I was here and he was in the other body, we talked often about why  this was such a bedrock principle.   You know, sometimes you listen to the head of the FCC and you get the  sense that somehow he is saying that the internet either is broken or  is about to break--that some horrendous set of problems are going to  ensue without his ill-advised ideas. The fact is that the internet is  not broken. The Federal Communications Commission is not trying to help  consumers by rolling back net neutrality protections. They are doing it  to make it easier for the big cable companies to be in a position to  shove out true and real competition. That, I would say to my friend  Senator Markey and my friend from Hawaii, Senator Schatz, who has been  championing these efforts in the Commerce Committee, is what this is  really all about.   You know, the reality is that the internet is now the shipping lane  for the 21st century. It is that place--a global marketplace--where you  have the free exchange of ideas, and today's rules protect that  shipping lane of the 21st century--the freedom for Americans and people  worldwide to compete online. It exists so that the powerful interests,  those who have the deepest pockets, do not go out and swallow the  little guys up every single time.   Now, as we talk about net neutrality and why it is so essential for  jobs, free speech, political engagement, education, economic  opportunity, and better competition, there are really just three  points. First, protecting the free and open internet under Title II of  the Telecommunications Act, in my view, is the best way to proceed at  this point. It is the only way, at present, to ensure a free and open  internet, and that is, by rejecting this idea that somehow the internet  is broken and we should upend the current rules. The Federal  Communications Commission should not only leave the current net  neutrality rules in place, they ought to aggressively move against  companies that violate those rules. As my friends from Massachusetts  and Hawaii know, there is not exactly a lot of evidence that the  Federal Communications Commission is doing that either.    Net neutrality, in short, protects the internet's ability to give a  fair shake to every single person in America and literally in the world  with a good idea--they don't have to have money. They don't have to  have lobbyists. They don't have to have PACs. All they have to have  with net neutrality and the internet is an idea to compete with the  establishment. This level playing field is a prerequisite for  protecting free speech.   A level regulatory playing field means that these powerful  interests--the cable companies, specifically--can't pick winners and  losers because of their political or personal views. Our colleague,  Senator Franken of Minnesota, has correctly said that net neutrality is  the First Amendment issue of our time, and I think he is spot-on on  that matter.   Finally, because there really hasn't been the competition in the  broadband marketplace that would best serve the consumer and the  public, what you should definitely do is operate under the theory that  you need strong rules. We all know that too many people don't have a  choice when it comes to a broadband provider; often it comes down to  Comcast or nothing. Without real competition, America needs strong net  neutrality rules to prevent Comcast or AT&T from basically tossing  consumer choice and free speech in the trash can to rake in even more  profits.   A lack of broadband competition and consumer choice is clearly a  problem you cannot solve by giving the big cable companies more  freedom--freedom to run at will through the marketplace.   So the question now is--and I think my friend from Massachusetts just  touched on it--what happens now? What happens now is making the  American people aware that this is the time for their voices to be  heard.   The fact is, there are two notions of political change in America.  Some people think it starts in Washington, DC, and in government  buildings in various capitals and then trickles down to the grassroots.   Senator Schatz, Senator Markey, and I take a different view with  respect to how you bring about political change in America. It is not  top-down; it is bottom-up. It is bottom-up as Americans from all walks  of life weigh in with their legislators, weigh in with the Federal  Communications Commission. My guess is that pretty soon--probably  tomorrow--the future of the internet is going to be in the hands of the  Federal Communications Commission.   I just want to wrap up my remarks by talking about how important it  is for the American people to go online to the Federal Communications  Commission website and file a comment, and visit my website-- wyden.senate.gov--where you can get more information.   I will close with this: I think my friends--certainly Senator Markey  and Senator Schatz--may have heard this. I want to talk about the fight  against internet piracy because we are all against internet piracy. No  one is in favor of that kind of thievery, but we didn't think it made  sense to damage the architecture of the internet--the domain name  systems and the fundamental principles by which the internet operates-- in the name of fighting piracy.   When there was a bill with a shortsighted view--it was called SOPA  and PIPA--and it was introduced, scores and scores of Senators  supported it immediately. I put a hold on this bill. I put a public  hold on the bill. I chaired a little subcommittee of the Senate Finance  Committee. There were close to a majority of Senators already in  support of this flawed bill. We began to talk to those around the  country who understand what it really means if you damage the internet  and its architecture for a shortsighted and, in this case, unworkable  approach.   Everybody thought we didn't have a chance of winning. There was very  close to a majority in the Senate actually cosponsoring it. So a vote  was scheduled on whether to lift my hold on this bill, the flawed PIPA  and SOPA bill.   Four days before the vote was to take place on whether to lift my  hold, 15 million Americans emailed, texted, called, went to community  meetings. They went out all across the country. Mind you, these 15  million Americans were focused and spent more time online in a week  than they did thinking about their U.S. Senator in a couple of years.   They said this defies common sense. We are not for internet piracy,  but don't destroy the internet.  [[Page S2992]]    My hope is, once again, with the odds stacked against our side--the  odds stacked against Senator Schatz, Senator Markey, and all the  Senators who have been willing, on our side, to speak up against these  powerful interests that really would like to gut net neutrality--that  those who understand what the freedom of the net is all about, what it  means to have this ability to communicate that is so vital to people  without clout and power, will take the fight for the consumer, for the  man and woman who just want a fair shake when they get an idea. My hope  is, just as they did a few years ago in blocking this ill-advised SOPA  and PIPA bill, that those who care so much about freedom and a fair  shot for everybody will, once again, take the fight to the Federal  Communications Commission, knowing that their voices can make a  difference. They have made a difference in the past.   It is a real pleasure to be with Senator Markey and Senator Schatz.    I yield.    I yield.    I yield.    I yield.    I yield.    I yield.    Mr. President, I thank my friend from Massachusetts. In  fact, I have to leave the floor right now to wrap up business for a  very important Finance Committee meeting tomorrow. It is a markup where  we are going to be looking at ways as part of the transformation of  Medicare--what I call updating the Medicare guarantee--that some of the  technologies my friend from Massachusetts talked about are going to be  available to seniors.   I know our friend from New Hampshire has arrived, and she has been a  very strong advocate of principles of net neutrality.   I yield the remainder of my time to her.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   