 Will the Senator yield?    Senator Cardin and I serve together on the committee  called Environment and Public Works in the Senate. One of the issues we  deal with is clean air.   This conversation about predictability and uncertainty that  businesses seek is not just in health insurance, it is in all kinds of  businesses across the country.   I remember being in a conversation 8, 9 years ago with--I think  Senator Alexander of Tennessee was with us. We met with the CEOs of a  number of utilities across the country. Senator Alexander and I were  pushing legislation in response to President George Bush's proposal  called Clear Skies. It was designed to reduce the emission of sulfur  dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury, and CO2, carbon dioxide.  We talked with these CEOs from across the country for an hour in my  office. We had been talking about reductions of X percent and Y percent  and so forth in the emissions from these harmful pollutants from  primarily coal-fired utilities. At the end of the conversation, this  one older fellow who was representing a utility in the southern part of  our country--he was sort of a curmudgeon-like person--he said: Senator,  this is what you need to do with respect to the restraint on emissions,  reduction in emissions. Here is what you need to do. You need to tell  us what the rules are going to be. You need to provide us some  certainty and predictability and give us a reasonable amount of time to  comply and then get out of the way.   I will never forget that conversation. Tell us what the rules are  going to be, provide us with some certainty and predictability, a  reasonable amount of time, and get out of the way.   It is not just utilities that want certainty and predictability, so  do others, and particularly, as utilities are a regulated industry, so  is insurance. They do like to have predictability and certainty.   We tend to focus just on the exchanges and the marketplaces in the 50  States, which provide health insurance for maybe 5, 6, 7 percent of  Americans who get healthcare coverage. Most people get their healthcare  coverage from employer-provided programs. Maybe 20, 25 percent get  their coverage through Medicaid.   I used to think Medicaid was healthcare for poor women and children.  When I was elected State treasurer, I used to think Medicaid was  healthcare for poor women and children and not much else, and it turns  out, it is a lot more than that today. Twenty, twenty-five percent of  folks get their coverage there, another 15 percent or so in Medicare,  and the rest are in the exchanges. Every State has an exchange. That is  for folks who can't get coverage anywhere else. The idea is to have  some opportunity to participate in a purchasing pool.   When we passed the Affordable Care Act, we made a promise that we  would do the kinds of things that Senator Cardin is talking about to  provide certainty and predictability for the health insurance companies  when they insure in these exchanges. The health insurance companies  were reluctant to provide coverage to the folks who were going to get  coverage through the exchanges. As my friend will recall, some of these  people hadn't had healthcare for months, years, maybe even decades, and  maybe some never had healthcare in their lives, so nobody really knew  how much healthcare they would need, except we knew and the insurance  companies knew that these people would need a lot. As my friend said,  we provided some ways of reducing that lack of predictability. It is  like the comic strip ``Peanuts,'' with Lucy and Charlie Brown and the  football. When she pulls the football away, she always fools him. He  still kicks and misses every time. We sort of did that with the  insurance companies. We assured them we would help provide stability,  and we took away the very mechanisms designed to do that.    I think what my friend is saying, we need to come back and provide  maybe three ways to do it; one, with respect to reinsurance; two, cover  the risk costs; and the third is to do something--if we don't continue  with the individual mandate, we need to come up with something like the  individual mandate, which is not as harmful as Republicans are  suggesting. I don't think the a 6-month lockout is humane.    I will be happy to.    I was Governor from 1993 to 2001. We started in a  recession and ended up with 6, 7 really strong years, as you recall,  during the Clinton administration. We were able to balance our budget 8  years in a row, cut taxes 7 out of 8, pay down some debts, and get good  credit ratings across the board.   The person who was my secretary of finance the last 4 years is now  our Governor, John Carney. Ben knows him pretty well. He was a  wonderful member of Congress and a wonderful Lieutenant Governor before  that. He is looking at a budget of less than $4 billion. He is looking  at a $400 million hole to fill. What is being proposed by our  Republican colleagues on Medicaid would not make that $400 million hole  any smaller. It would add anywhere from $100 to $200 million-- increasing it anywhere from 25 percent to 50 percent. It is a killer.  Our Governor and our legislature are struggling enough to try to fill a  $400 million hole rather than trying to figure out how to deal with  something as vibrant as $600 million. It would be a backbreaker. That  is what we are looking at. I share that with everybody.   Going to my ``laboratory of democracy,'' some people would like to  have Medicaid for all. Several of our colleagues are very much  interested in a single-payer system. As an old Governor--someone who  had the privilege leading the National Governors Association--I am a  believer that States can be that laboratory of democracy. They can take  ideas and show us it is a good idea for the country and other States or  take ideas and prove they are bad ideas. We ought to enable them to do  that.    I want to say a kind word about our Presiding Officer. He  heard me say this before. I will say it again. He may recall having  cosponsored legislation in 1993, offered by John Chafee and cosponsored  by Orrin Hatch and others, that actually had a lot of good ideas in it.  It had the idea of establishing exchanges in all 50 States. Having the  sliding scale tax credit brought down the cost of healthcare insurance  to lower income people in the exchanges with a bigger tax credit. It  had the individual mandate in there to make sure young, healthy people  got coverage too. We didn't leave health insurance coverages to a pool  of unhealthy young people to try to insure.   We added employer mandates so a certain number of employers had to  participate. There was prohibition against insurance companies denying  coverage. I want to say, our Republican friends took that idea--and  Mitt Romney used that idea to establish RomneyCare when he was Governor  of Massachusetts. It worked there. It wasn't perfect. It took a while,  but it worked. I would just say, we shouldn't give up on that idea. We  should not give up on that idea. There are ways we can fix it. Senator  Cardin talked about some of those ways, and I am sure Senator Wyden as  well.   I just heard John Kasich on one of the shows on TV. He said he was  with Governor Hickenlooper. We have to stop being Democrats on this or  Republicans on this. Folks want us to be Americans on this and work  together. That is what I would like to do. I think we can do that in a  way that brings credit, not just to our party but really to our  Country. It accomplishes the three things the President talked about  for a while: coverage for everybody, better quality coverage for less  money. There is no way Democrats by themselves or Republicans by  themselves are going to do that. If we work together, all things are  possible.    Mr. President, may I ask the Senator from Oregon to yield  for about 30 seconds?    Mr. President, something the Senator from Washington said  just reminded me--after we heard the news that Republicans are going to  go back to the drawing board and see what they can come up with maybe  during the Fourth of July recess, I did a radio interview with a  station back in Delaware. One of the questions the interviewer asked me  was: Well, the Republicans have a lot of money to play with; I hear a  couple hundred billion dollars. Won't the Republican leaders just offer  money to one Senator after the other after the other to find out what  they need in order to get them to support this?   I said: I hope not. I hope that is not what happens. This is a time  when we need to hit that pause button and, rather than dole out money  to try to draw this Republican or that Republican to come into the  fold, if you will, why don't we just spend some time in the rooms the  Senator from Washington was talking about.   We spent all that time--a lot of time together, with Democrats and  Republicans in hearings, public hearings, private meetings,  roundtables, and so forth. That is the kind of thing we need to do over  again. If we do that, we might be surprised. We might surprise the rest  of the country about how well that would work out.   Thank you.   