 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, America suffered four  consecutive trillion-dollar-per-year deficits during the Obama and Bush  administrations. The election of a Republican House in 2010 brought  progress. The trillion-dollar-per-year deficits were cut to a low of  $439 billion in fiscal year 2015. A $439 billion deficit is still  horrible, but it is a whole lot better than a trillion-dollar deficit.   Unfortunately, America's solvency has deteriorated since 2015. In  fiscal year 2016, America's deficit exploded to $587 billion, $148  billion worse than the previous year. In fiscal year 2017, this fiscal  year, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects the deficit  will again explode to $693 billion, $145 billion worse this year than  last year, and that is before the bill comes due for the Hurricane  Harvey destruction in Louisiana and Texas.   Congress will soon raise America's debt ceiling as a result, and  within days thereafter, America's debt will blow through the $20  trillion mark.   As a result of America's $20 trillion debt, we pay over $250 billion  per year in debt service. How much is $250 billion? It is roughly five  times what we spend on transportation for things like highways,  bridges, and interstates each year. That debt service money is gone, no  longer able to provide services to Americans; rather, it is spent to  make amends for past government excesses and irresponsible spending.   Worse yet, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects that  America's debt service costs will increase by another $600 billion  within a decade to more than $800 billion per year. The question is  then asked: Where is that money going to come from? What is going to be  cut? Will it be Social Security, will it be Medicare, Medicaid,  national defense? What?   The CBO, America's Comptroller General Gene Dodaro, and the  Government Accountability Office have all warned Congress and the  President in writing that America's deficits and debt past are:  ``Unsustainable.''   To be clear, in the accounting field, the word ``unsustainable'' is  bad, really bad. It is the equivalent of a bankruptcy warning. It is a  warning that America is headed to a debilitating insolvency and  bankruptcy if we don't do better.   In sum, Washington's financial irresponsibility is a betrayal of the  American people, it is pushing America into a debilitating bankruptcy  and insolvency that will destroy the American Dream for our children  and grandchildren.   It is in this setting that I have beseeched the House of  Representatives to be financially responsible. Please support my  amendment that eliminates Federal Government operating subsidies of  Amtrak, thus forcing Amtrak passengers to pay their actual costs of  riding on Amtrak trains.   Stated differently, what policy justification is there for forcing  Americans who don't use Amtrak to subsidize the travel of Americans who  do use Amtrak? I know of none.   How bad is the Amtrak subsidy problem? The Congressional Research  Service reports that, from 1971 to 2015, Federal Amtrak subsidies  totaled $78 billion in constant 2015 dollars.   In fiscal year 2014, Amtrak had a net loss of $1.1 billion. Who will  pay for that loss? America's children and grandchildren, that is who,  because that is money we don't have, have to borrow to get, and cannot  afford to pay back.   Instead of allowing Amtrak to continue to run up debts and add to our  national debt, we should force Amtrak to be self-sufficient, we should  force Amtrak passengers to pay their own travel costs, and we must cut  Amtrak from the government dole. We don't give these kind of subsidies  to people who ride on airplanes, and we don't give these kind of  subsidies in a lot of other means of transportation.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``yes'' vote. Be financially responsible. Make  Amtrak pay its own way.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, only in the Halls of Congress  does a $1.1 billion cut in subsidies for a mode of transportation  allegedly result in higher costs to taxpayers.   I would submit that there is zero evidence that Amtrak passengers  cannot absorb higher fares to pay their own way.   Mr. Chair, we are talking about $1.1 billion out of a $700 billion  deficit for this fiscal year. We have to be responsible, we have to  protect the future of our children and our grandchildren, and I urge  the adoption of my amendment to do just that.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   