 Mr. President, I have heard my Republican friends tell  those  [[Page S1147]]  of us who want the laws of this country changed to protect our  constituents against gun violence that what we should focus on is  enforcing the existing law; that we don't need any new laws, all we  need to do is focus on enforcing the existing law.   Senator Wyden said he wished he had a nickel for every time he has  been told our focus should be on background checks. Well, I wish I had  a nickel for every time my colleagues told me we should focus on  enforcing the existing law. Yet I would also be a rich man if I had a  nickel for every time Republicans came to the floor and tried to  undermine the existing law, tried to rewrite the existing law to make  it harder to enforce it.   The Appropriations Act is, on an annual basis, loaded up with riders  that hamstring enforcement agencies, don't allow them to actually  enforce existing laws. The CRA we have before us today will make it  harder for the Federal Government to do what we have told them to do  for decades, which is to put dangerous people and people who are  seriously mentally ill on the list of those who are prohibited from  buying guns. That is the existing law. The existing law says that if  you are convicted of a serious crime or you have a serious mental  illness and you have gone through a process by which a determination  has been made by a government agency as such, that you should not be  able to buy a weapon.   Why do we have that law on the books? Why have we come together as  Republicans and Democrats to say that people with serious mental  illness or people who have been adjudicated of a violent crime  shouldn't be able to buy weapons? It is because the evidence tells us  over and over again that if you have committed a violent crime, you are  likely--more likely than if you haven't committed a violent crime--to  commit another one. And over and over again, as we have seen these mass  shooters walk into places like Sandy Hook Elementary School or a movie  theater in Colorado or a classroom in Blacksburg, we know that people  with serious mental illness in this country can go buy a very powerful  weapon and do great damage with it.   That does not mean there is an inherent connection between mental  illness and violence. In fact, we know the opposite to be true. If you  are mentally ill, you are probably more likely to be the victim of  violence than you are to be the perpetrator of it. But we do know that  in this country, given the fact that weapons are so easy to come by,  people with mental illness--serious mental illness--who have an  intersection with visions of violence often do great harm. So we made a  collective decision as Republicans and Democrats that if you have a  serious mental illness, you probably shouldn't be able to go and buy an  assault weapon. That is what the law says.    Section 101 of the NICS Improvement Act is titled ``Enhancement of  requirement that Federal departments and agencies provide relevant  information to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.''  That is a piece of legislation which both Republicans and Democrats  supported. It commands that Federal agencies provide relevant  information to the criminal background check system.   What is relevant information? ATF defines someone who should not be  able to buy a gun as one who ``lacks the mental capacity to manage his  own affairs.'' So there is the existing statute. The existing statute  says that relevant agencies should forward information to the criminal  background check system on individuals who are prohibited from owning  guns, and that is defined in part as an individual who ``lacks the  mental capacity to manage his own affairs.''   That is exactly what the regulation proffered by the Obama  administration at the end of last year does. It says that individuals  who have filed a claim for disability, who meet the requirements of one  of Social Security's mental disorders listing of impairments, have been  found to be so severely impaired that they are unable to work, and have  been found, with due process, to be incapable of managing their own  benefits and have had a representative appointed to them to manage  their disability benefits, that those individuals meet the definition  of someone who lacks the mental capacity to manage their own affairs.   If you are supporting this CRA today, then you are undermining the  ability of law enforcement to do their job to enforce the law as  Congress has passed. So spare me this rhetoric about passing no new  laws because we should just focus on enforcement. Once again, with this  CRA, you are undermining the ability of the Federal Government and of  law enforcement to enforce the law.   Let's be clear about what the danger is. It is correct to state that  there is no inherent connection between being mentally ill and being  dangerous, but the risk is not just that an individual is going to buy  a gun and use it themselves; the risk is that someone who literally  can't deposit their own paycheck probably can't or likely can't  responsibly own and protect a gun.   I could sit here for the rest of the day and recite the number of  times a gun owned by one individual got used in an accidental shooting,  got taken illegally, stolen from their premises, and used in a crime.  The danger of an individual who has severe mental incapacity is not  just that they are going to take that weapon and fire it but that they  are not going to own, keep, and protect it responsibly. If you can't  manage your own financial affairs, how can we expect that you are going  to be a responsible steward of a dangerous, lethal firearm?   We are talking about a very limited group of individuals here--who,  by the way, under the regulation, have due process to contest the  determination. First of all, they have an ability to contest the  determination by Social Security that they shouldn't be able to manage  their own financial affairs, and then the regulation secondarily gives  them the ability to specifically contest their limitation on gun  ownership. So there is full ability for the individual or for the  family to contest this limitation, which makes it completely  constitutional. Nonsense that this is a restriction of a constitutional  right.   The Heller decision, which does hold that an individual has a right  to gun ownership, also makes it explicit in Justice Scalia's opinion  that there are limitations on that right, and the Scalia decision  itself lists as one of those conditions the restriction of gun  ownership by people who are seriously mentally ill.   The law is clear that Federal agencies are required to upload  information onto NICS of those individuals who cannot manage their own  financial affairs because of mental illness. The Supreme Court is clear  that this is entirely constitutional. So why are we doing this? Why are  we having a debate about rolling back the criminal background check  system when 90 percent of Americans support it?   No matter what State you live in, sit down with your constituents and  tell them that you voted to allow people who are seriously mentally ill  to be able to buy guns. You are not going to get a lot of takers. And  it is not because people don't have compassion for people with mental  illness. I have worked for the last 2 years to pass the most  substantial mental health reform act that this body has seen in a  decade. I have spent as much or more time than anybody in this Chamber  advocating for the rights of people with mental illness and for their  treatment. But I also understand that when people are so mentally ill  that they can't manage their own financial affairs, they probably  shouldn't buy a gun. That is a small class of people.   What makes me so angry about this is I have no idea how to go back to  the people whom I represent in Connecticut and tell them that in the 4  years since the massacre in a smalltown elementary school, not only has  Congress passed no law, made no change in statute to try to keep  dangerous weapons out of the hands of would-be shooters, but that today  we are doing exactly the opposite. The response to the epidemic of mass  shootings in this country is to make it easier for people with serious  mental illness to get guns. How do I explain that to people in  Connecticut?   How do the folks representing areas where shootings are a regular  occurrence explain that Congress has done nothing to address mass  shootings, to address the epidemic rates of gun violence in our cities,  and yet we think it is so important to undermine the criminal  background check system--not strengthen it, undermine it--that in the  first month of this new administration and this new Congress, we are  [[Page S1148]]  rushing through this repeal of a commonsense regulation? That is deeply  offensive to the majority of Americans, who think we should be  strengthening our criminal background checks system, not undermining  it. Ninety percent of Americans think we should have universal  background checks. Not only are we not listening to them, we are  undermining the criminal background checks system today.    I get that the gun lobby is pretty powerful in this place. I get that  they have stood in the way of changes in our criminal background checks  system that were supported by 90 percent of Americans. But even I  wasn't cynical enough to think they had so much power that they could  get Congress to roll back, to undermine the criminal background check  system in the wake of this continued horrific level of gun violence all  across the country.   Senator Wyden is right. The danger in this is not just that it has  the immediate impact of undermining the criminal background check  system, but it potentially blocks our ability to get this right in the  future. We don't know what the precedent is for CRAs because we haven't  done them before. What we know is that it says you can't pass any  regulation that is substantially similar to the regulation that you  legislated on. Well, what does that mean in the context of keeping  people with serious mental illness off the criminal background check  system? Does that mean we can't ever legislate or regulate on the  narrow issue of individuals who have had their right of financial  affairs restricted through Social Security, or is that a broader  prohibition that limits the administration's ability to regulate on  strengthening of the criminal background check system in a much more  comprehensive way?   We are playing with fire here because this is a precedent we know  nothing about. We are playing with fire because we are potentially  limiting the ability to ever get this issue right in the future when 90  percent of Americans want us to work together on it.   I understand this issue is a sensitive one. Having spent my entire  career working hand in hand with committed advocates for people with  mental illness, I understand the danger of conflating mental illness  with violence. But this is a narrow category of individuals who by  definition fit the parameters in existing law for those who are  supposed to be on the NICS system.   For all the things that we disagree about on gun policy--I don't  suspect we are going to get a meeting of the minds this Congress on  whether all gun sales should be subject to background checks. I don't  suspect we are going to figure out a way to work together on  restricting access to high-capacity magazines or assault weapons. I  thought at least we agreed on keeping the background check system that  we have.   The existing law says that individuals who lack the mental capacity  to manage their own affairs should be included on the list of those who  are prohibited from buying weapons, and today we are undermining that  existing law. We are undermining the enforcement of current statute-- something Republicans have said over and over again they are not  interested in doing.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this measure.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Dakota.   