 Mr. President, I rise today, along with so many of my  colleagues--and Ms. Stabenow, who just spoke--with regard to DACA. We  are here to oppose President Trump's unnecessary, political, and  damaging decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  Program, the DACA Program.   To close the door on the American dream for nearly 800,000 people who  are American in every way but on paper goes against every measure of  sound public policy, productive economics, and basic decency. Today, I  join my colleagues in Congress, hundreds of American business  executives, thousands of higher education officials and faith leaders,  and a majority of the American people who have made their voices heard  over the past few days to denounce President Trump's elimination of  DACA, and call for legislative action to protect Dreamers and provide  them a realistic and responsible pathway to citizenship.   We must be absolutely clear about what President Trump has done, on  his own, without any need or, in my view, legal requirement to do so.  By his choice, in less than 6 months, the administration will begin  forcing hundreds of thousands of Dreamers, many in their twenties and  thirties, out of their jobs, out of our military, out of our schools,  and out of the United States--the only country that most of them have  ever really known.   It is true that Dreamers were brought here as children outside the  appropriate processes, but this was through no fault or decision of  their own. Since then, they have pursued higher education, started  families, worked hard, paid taxes, and stayed out of serious trouble  with the law. Some have served honorably with our Armed Forces and put  their lives on the line to keep us all safe. We gain nothing and lose a  great deal by separating these young people from their jobs, their  homes, their spouses, and children and sending them to countries they  hardly know.   At no point in our debates over immigration have we found a good  reason to spend our limited immigration enforcement resources on  Dreamers. The premise of DACA was, and continues to be, that we need  permanent, comprehensive immigration reform--but until then, Dreamers  who contribute to our society should be allowed to come out of the  shadows and lead healthy, productive lives.   Rather than pursuing these young Americans, our immigration  enforcement resources should focus on practical measures that make us  safe, not wasteful and symbolic projects like a border wall. We should  improve surveillance of the border and the apprehension of more illegal  entrants. We should incentivize legal immigration and make it feasible  for people to come here and pursue better opportunities. I am eager to  work with my colleagues to craft a tough but fair, and comprehensive  immigration reform package that incorporates good ideas from both sides  of the aisle. Until then, however, we accomplish nothing by forcing  hundreds of thousands of families to live in fear, and regret ever  trusting our country enough to register for DACA in the first place.   Too much of this debate is driven by President Trump's apparent  refusal to accept basic truths about who his actions affect and what  his decisions mean for our country. His administration's rhetoric  suggests that deporting Dreamers will make us safer and somehow restore  the rule of ``law and order,'' but these are the facts of the matter:  first, today, unauthorized immigration continues to decline, as it has  every year, since its peak in 2007. Second--and not without  controversy--President Obama's administration deported a record 5  million undocumented immigrants, particularly violent felons. These  were important steps, but we have learned that enforcement alone does  not solve practical problems for people like Dreamers, and their  families and employers.   Moreover, deporting Dreamers does nothing to make us safer. Dreamers  qualify for DACA precisely because they have not committed serious  crimes, and conflating them with criminals only feeds the false premise  that immigrants are prone to criminality when all of the evidence shows  that the opposite is true. In fact, studies from the National Bureau of  Economic Research and the conservative Cato Institute have concluded  that immigrants tend to commit fewer crimes than do people born in the  United States, and U.S. Census data shows that, among adult males,  immigrants are one-half to one-fifth as likely to be incarcerated here.   Just as insidious is the persistent myth that Dreamers are somehow  harming our economy or taking jobs from American citizens. We can and  should debate what kind of immigration reform would best support our  economy, but there is no credible support for the argument that  Dreamers harm our economy or that deporting them would create jobs for  anyone. The fact is that, according to the Center for American  Progress, ending DACA would result in an estimated loss of over $460  billion from our GDP over the next decade, including an annual loss of  over $60 million per year in my home State of Rhode Island.   We know from experience that deporting employed immigrants does not  raise wages. In fact, many jobs lost tend to go unfilled. And, because  of President Trump's actions, families of Dreamers will sit at their  kitchen tables in the coming months and struggle needlessly with  questions of how to feed their children and keep roofs over their heads  now that the administration has forced mom or dad out of work, or out  of the country. These are American families, and doing this to them is  the opposite of putting America first.   It is our responsibility to protect our country from economic harm  and to uphold our ideals and commitments, and that means keeping faith  with Dreamers and their families. We should put ourselves in their  shoes and remember how each of our families came to this Nation and  worked to achieve the American dream for themselves, their children,  and their children's children.   I applaud Senators Graham and Durbin for introducing the bipartisan  Dream Act of 2017. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this important legislation on our way to a meaningful debate on  comprehensive immigration reform. I hope that we can find the will to  come together and swiftly pass this legislation to strengthen our  Nation, keep our economy growing, and keep faith with our best ideals.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   