 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate all the hard work the Rules  Committee chairman has done in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have the great  pleasure of serving on the Rules Committee, but I am the designee to  the Budget Committee.   This whole process that we are going through is a Budget Committee  process. It is called reconciliation. And as folks have talked about  it, they have talked about what the Ways and Means Committee has done  and what the Energy and Commerce Committee did. But then those two  bills come together in the Budget Committee, and we move the process  forward.   I can't help but notice my colleagues' frustration with the  amendments that have been made to this bill along the way. Generally,  we celebrate amendments that are made along the way because they  improve the work product. We do them together.   I point here, Mr. Speaker, to a tweet that the President sent out the  day the healthcare bill was introduced. The President said:    ``Our wonderful new HealthCare Bill is now out for review and  negotiation.''   And that was true. It was out for review so everyone could read it,  and it was out for negotiation so that everyone could improve it.   We did that in the Budget Committee. We had four motions to instruct  that passed in the Budget Committee to provide Medicaid flexibility, to  make sure the tax credits were targeted to the right populations, to  ensure that able-bodied, working Americans had those incentives to both  get health care and be able to go back to work.   Now, every committee didn't have that experience. As my colleagues  have asked for a bipartisan process, you will remember that the Energy  and Commerce Committee spent 10 hours debating the title of the bill.  They spent 10 hours debating Democratic amendments to change the title  of the bill. Folks, we have opportunity after opportunity to make  things better, but it is incumbent upon us to choose that opportunity  to make things better.   So often we get wrapped around the partisan action. Folks let that  opportunity slip away. I am glad that we didn't do that.   Mr. Speaker, when I talk about what we did in the Budget Committee to  make it better, I am talking about focusing on the real problems. There  is not a member in this body that doesn't understand that what is  contributing to the ObamaCare death spiral is that young people are not  enrolling. Young people are not enrolling.   More Americans rejected ObamaCare and filed for an exemption or  agreed to pay the penalty than enrolled in ObamaCare. I don't care how  big your heart was when you passed the bill, you have to concede that  wasn't what you intended. And we can do better.  [[Page H2382]]    My friends are talking about the essential health benefits plan  today. Young people are particularly sensitive to that. They are price  sensitive in that way. We are talking in the Budget Committee about how  to preserve that flexibility for States to design plans that are right  for them.   How many times today have we heard folks say that prices are going to  increase for Americans between the age of 54 and 64?   I have heard it at least a dozen times. At the same time, my friends  are demanding that every healthcare plan in the State of Georgia cover  maternity benefits for those women between the age of 54 and 64. At the  same time, my friends are demanding that every plan in Georgia cover  pediatric benefits for those empty nesters between 54 and 64. That  doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense. We in Georgia know it  doesn't make sense, and we can do better.   Mr. Speaker, 45 percent of the almost 20 million people who rejected  the Affordable Care Act and agreed to pay the fine or file an exemption  instead were under the age of 35. There is not a serious thinker in  this room who believes we can solve the insurance crisis in this  country without getting these folks back into the marketplace. And that  is what we did in the Budget Committee. That is what we have done  throughout this entire amendment process, and that is what the  amendments we considered in the Rules Committee this morning did as  well.   Mr. Speaker, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, many  States have had to pass a lot of legislation in order to conform their  plans to new one-size-fits-all Federal mandates. But that is not the  story. The story is that, at the same time, States were passing their  own benefit mandates to serve their constituency better.   Mr. Speaker, Chairman Session's State of Texas passed a mandate that  orally administered anticancer medication be covered. The gentleman  from Texas has seen those groups in his office. He has seen those  families struggling. And what Texas said is: To respond to our people,  we are going to require every plan sold in the State of Texas cover  these issues.   In my home State, Mr. Speaker, we created a commission to look at  annually how to add more benefits, change those benefits, make sure we  are being responsive to folks in the best way that we can.   The gentleman from Colorado, his State did the very same thing. They  required coverage for acupuncture services. They required the selling  of child-only plans. They required coverage for fetal alcohol syndrome.  We do these things collaboratively, and we do these things together.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the rule and passage of the underlying  legislation.   