 Mr. Speaker, nearly every day now, we hear about new  ways our enemies are trying to steal Americans' information. Just a  couple weeks ago, two Russian hackers were indicted for stealing  personal information from millions of us.   American consumers visit billions of internet destinations through a  multitude of devices. Broadband providers potentially have access to  every bit of data that flows from a consumer. The American people are  rightfully concerned about companies selling their personal  information, including sensitive information like their location,  financial and health information, Social Security numbers, and  information about their children.   Late last year, the FCC took steps to protect every American  citizen's data and privacy, and the rules were simple: first, broadband  providers had to ask their customers before selling any data; second,  the companies had to take reasonable measures to protect that data; and  third, the companies had to let people know if their data was stolen.   That was a good first step, Mr. Speaker. But Congress also has a role  in protecting our data, and we should be working in a bipartisan  fashion to discuss ways we can better protect the American people's  data. Instead, the Republicans have decided to spend this time wiping  out the few privacy safeguards that we already have.   The FCC's cybersecurity rules are, in my opinion, not burdensome.  They simply tell the network providers to be reasonable when protecting  the data. That is all. The FCC left it to the companies, themselves, to  use their best judgment about how to get the job done. They just needed  to be reasonable.   It seems being reasonable is still too much for the Republicans-- first in the Senate, and now here in the House. This resolution tells  the companies charged with running the country's broadband networks  that they no longer have to be reasonable when it comes to their  customers' data.   So I say, Mr. Speaker, make no mistake: This resolution is a gift to  countries like Russia who want to take our citizens' personal  information. And if the House passes this resolution, it will go  straight to the President's desk, a President who will be more than  happy to sign his name to this gift to the Russians.   This resolution also gives large corporations free rein to take  customers' data without anyone's permission. This debate is about  whether Americans have the freedom to decide on our privacy.   We hear all kinds of complicated arguments about jurisdiction,  implementation dates, and who knows what else, but these arguments just  muddy the water.   Republicans will say that the FCC's rules are confusing to consumers,  people won't know what to do if they are asked first before broadband  companies sell their sensitive information. If that were the case, we  would have heard from people who oppose the rules, but we simply have  not heard any of those concerns. The facts speak for themselves.  Consumers want more privacy protection, not less.   Seventy-four percent of Americans say it is very important that they  be in control of information, and 91 percent of people feel they have  lost control  [[Page H2495]]  over their own information. There are real consequences to these  feelings. Nearly half of Americans say they limit their online activity  because they are worried about their privacy and security. That is why  they overwhelmingly support stronger protections.   The FCC listened to the American people and adopted reasonable rules.  Despite Republican claims to the contrary, the rules were not hard to  follow. The rules still allow broadband companies to offer services  based on their customers' data, and they can still customize ads or  send reminders.   The FCC's rules simply required companies to ask people first before  selling their sensitive information. That is it. In fact, I had hoped  the FCC would have gone even further, but the agency chose this more  moderate approach.   So as this debate proceeds, we should be asking one simple question:  Should the American people have the freedom to choose how their  information is used or should the government give that freedom away?   I think the answer is clear. I stand with the American people, and,  therefore, I strongly oppose this legislation.   