 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S2586]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to address the Senate as in morning business.    Mr. President, this afternoon, the President will be  signing an Executive order to increase accountability within the  Department of Veterans Affairs. For several years, I have been calling  on the VA to hold bad actors within the VA accountable. In my view, in  too many instances, that has not occurred. There are far too many  examples of those who commit wrongdoing while working at the VA, and  even crimes against veterans and other VA employees have occurred  without any consequence.   On his first day in office, I wrote the President urging him to make  accountability within the Department of Veterans Affairs one of his top  priorities. We see too many examples, and unfortunately one of those  examples--one of those egregious examples--is in my home State of  Kansas, where we face a terrible example of a VA employee violating the  trust of veterans. Yet the VA seems to have no real sense of urgency in  holding this person accountable or committing to fix the process by  which he got into the position that he could commit the acts he did.   In 2015, we learned from local newspaper reports--not from the VA-- that a physician's assistant at the Leavenworth VA hospital had been  sexually abusing veterans. Shortly after that news broke, Leavenworth  County prosecutors charged this individual with multiple counts of  sexual assault and abuse against numerous veterans. He is currently  awaiting trial.   The stories continue to come into our office and to the prosecutor  about other victims. Veterans who sought services at the VA--the place  they would expect to be cared for, respected, and the place they  certainly should find safe--found something exactly the opposite.   As the story unfolded, we learned that Mr. Wisner--the person now  charged with crimes--targeted vulnerable veterans suffering from PTSD,  post-traumatic stress syndrome; he prescribed opioids that inhibited  their thinking, and he used his position to deepen their wounds of war  rather than to heal them.   Although Mr. Wisner is now beyond the reach of the VA, he and others  like him who fail our veterans are not beyond the reach of Congress. It  is ridiculous that taxpayers continue to fund pensions of VA senior  executives and personnel convicted of crimes that harmed our Nation's  veterans when they should have been serving and caring for them.   In the last Congress, we led significant efforts to develop,  introduce, and pass legislation. Most of those efforts were with the  Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Blumenthal, and we passed some  legislation unanimously here in the Senate. That legislation increases  the accountability of the Department of Veterans Affairs to make  certain that senior VA executives and certain healthcare employees  convicted of a felony do not receive the same benefits as those who  diligently and honorably serve our Nation's veterans.   Not as an aside but as a separate sentence, let me take this moment  to say thank you to those people within the Department of Veterans  Affairs who conscientiously care for and fulfill their responsibilities  to our Nation's veterans each and every day. How saddening it must be  that they have to work side by side with people who commit crimes--and  other failures for our veterans--and receive no consequence for that  behavior.   We want to protect our veterans. We also want to make sure that those  who work at the Department of Veterans Affairs know that their  profession is honorable and that they are doing the right thing. It is  difficult to reach that conclusion when surrounded by individuals who  have not fulfilled that responsibility.   In light of the situation with Mr. Wisner--and other cases of  wrongdoing so awful that they have been found guilty of a felony--we  will not tolerate crimes against veterans that cause harm to their  personal safety or that involve corrupt, backroom dealings with senior  VA executives.   That legislation passed the U.S. Senate on the final day of our  session last year. It passed unanimously. Unfortunately, that  legislation did not then pass the House of Representatives, despite  what we were told was significant support for it. It just didn't work  in the schedule. So today I am back on the Senate floor. A hotline  request is pending in which we ask--I ask--that legislation unanimously  passed by the U.S. Senate on the final day of the previous session  would pass today. That will then give the House of Representatives the  time and the mechanics to see that this legislation becomes law.   In fact, the very first piece of legislation I introduced in this  session, the 115th, was Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs  Accountability to Veterans Act of 2017. We today call for its swift  passage. I am hopeful this legislation will provide an ounce of justice  to those victims who have suffered at the hands of this VA employee,  and I call on my colleagues to once again stand with me in passing this  legislation.   In addition to the issues of accountability of wrongdoing employees  of the Department, this legislation also has additional provisions.  Those provisions include holding VA leaders accountable for Department  mismanagement, hiring well-qualified people and addressing employee  performance, preventing employees from conflicts of interest, and  improving manager training.   We have a duty. Of all people in this country, whom should we pay  respect and honor to? Whom should we care for? For whom should we make  certain we live up to the commitments that were made? One would think  that those who served in our military, who protected our freedoms and  liberties are the ones we would put on a high pedestal and make sure  everything possible to protect them is done.   We have a duty to taxpayers, as well, to make sure funds are not  going to employees who are convicted of crimes against those veterans  that they are charged to protect and to serve.   There have been a number of VA scandals, corruption, and illegal  activity in nearly every State. Whether it has been a secret wait-list  in a hospital that delayed critical care, opioid overmedication that  led to death or suicide, or physical abuse and neglect, crimes must  come to an end. There must be accountability for us to be able to say  we are doing everything possible to bring those crimes to an end.   This legislation is an important step in making the VA worthy of the  service of those who have sacrificed for this Nation. Given the  previous unanimous support, I can't imagine--I hope there is no reason  this legislation should not again pass today. I call upon my colleagues  in the U.S. Senate to stand with me and Senator Blumenthal and others  as we work to make certain the VA is a department worthy of the  veterans it serves.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   