 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I am pleased to support the  nomination of Tim Kelly to be a judge on the DC district court. Tim  serves as my chief counsel for national security, senior crime counsel,  and majority staff director for the Caucus on International Narcotics  Control. That is quite a professional title, isn't it? And he has done  an excellent job serving not only this chairman of the Judiciary  Committee but all of the Judiciary Committee.   Tim's career boasts a wide range of legal experience. After Tim  graduated from Georgetown University Law Center in 1997, he served as a  law clerk to Judge Buckwalter of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.  He worked as an associate at Arnold & Porter, and he dedicated 6 months  of his career to work for the Legal Aid Society. Tim spent a  significant portion of his career serving as a Federal prosecutor,  including several years as an assistant U.S. attorney for the District  of Columbia, where he prosecuted a wide range of criminal cases in the  very court for which he is being considered today. He also served as  trial attorney in the Public Integrity Section of the Department of  Justice, where he prosecuted public corruption cases. He has tried  approximately 30 cases during his career, as well as negotiated dozens  of guilty pleas.   Tim is a very talented attorney and is well liked by everyone--by  staff and Members on both sides of the aisle. His collegiality and  ability to get along with folks will serve him well on the bench. I  know he will show proper respect to the litigants and attorneys who  appear before him, as well as the staff who will serve his court.   Tim's counsel and advice have served the members of the Judiciary  Committee well. Just to point to one example of his work on behalf of  this committee, I would note he was the lead Senate Republican  Judiciary staffer on  [[Page S4923]]  the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of last year, which  happened to be signed into law by President Obama. This bill will help  countless numbers of folks struggling with drug addiction.   Tim's vast legal experiences and his thoughtful approach to his work  will help him be an excellent Federal judge. I believe he has the  temperament to hear any case that will come before him with a fair  mind, seeking to do justice for all.   Of course, others have recognized Tim's merits as well. The American  Bar Association gave him a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating, which  is the highest rating the ABA gives, and he has received awards for his  work from the Department of Justice, the Department of Energy, and the  Federal Bureau of Investigation.   Tim will make an excellent judge, and I am honored to support his  nomination today. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of his  nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   