 Mr. Speaker, we absolutely must reform our outdated  and overly complex Tax Code, but the current bill this House is  considering is not the way to do it. I have heard from constituents and  local elected officials about how this plan will hurt them and their  communities.   Rather than lifting our economy and making our local communities  stronger, this bill before us is an unfair and fiscally reckless step  backwards. My constituents are deeply concerned with the restrictions  placed on the State and local tax, or SALT, deduction. This puts a real  burden on the residents of States like Illinois.   One in three Illinois taxpayers uses the SALT deduction. Let's be  clear. The SALT deduction is not a tax break for the very wealthy. It  is used by the hardworking families we need to be helping with tax  reform, not hurting.   I am also profoundly concerned about what this reform means for our  growing debt. An additional $2.3 trillion in debt is irresponsible in  the extreme, burdening our children and our grandchildren with the  consequences.   Now, with the most recent Senate version, the GOP is taking aim at  the Affordable Care Act, repealing the individual mandate without a  workable replacement to further reduce enrollment in the individual  health insurance markets, making coverage more expensive for millions  of Americans and their families.   There are things we can do to improve the ACA. For example, delaying  the looming taxes on medical devices and health insurance premiums has  broad bipartisan support. We should be focused on solutions like these  that improve, not dismantle, the ACA.   Despite our willingness to work across the aisle, there was virtually  no bipartisan engagement on the plan this House is rushing to vote on.  It is not too late to change course.   I urge my colleagues to take the time for full deliberation in a  complete and bipartisan process. Together, we can produce real tax  reform that is fiscally responsible, prioritizes the middle class, and  grows our economy for the next generation.   