 Mr. President, I really enjoyed listening to my  colleague from Pennsylvania talking about this new tax reform plan that  has just been unveiled by the Finance Committee. He is right; this is  really exciting because it is an opportunity, after a lot of talk over  a lot of years, to finally fix our Tax Code.   Our Tax Code is broken. It is broken in a lot of different respects,  but one that he pointed out so well is the fact that we actually have  jobs and investment going overseas because of our Tax Code. It is the  responsibility of the people who are in this body and in the House and  in the Presidency to actually fix that. No one else can do it. Workers  in America, including in my home State of Ohio, are competing with one  hand tied behind their back because we have a tax code that encourages  other companies from foreign countries to come in and buy our  companies, to take our business, to take our market share, to make it  harder for U.S. workers to be able to compete and win. So I think it is  way past time, frankly, for us to fix that.   People say: Well, we haven't reformed the Tax Code in 31 years and it  is about time, and I agree with that. If we go back to the  international part of our Tax Code that created a lot of these  problems, we have to go back to John F. Kennedy, who last reformed it.  That means that part of our Tax Code should qualify for AARP benefits;  that is how old it is. So it is time for us to fix it, and it is really  exciting to finally have the opportunity.   There are three parts of this tax reform proposal, all three of which  are really important. The first is a tax cut for the middle class. Why  is that important? Because right now, even with the economy that is  starting to grow a little bit, what is happening? Wages are flat, so  expenses are up across the board.   The biggest expense, by the way, is the one the Presiding Officer has  been involved with, which is healthcare. People have seen their  healthcare costs go up, as well as their premiums and their deductibles  and their copays; yet their wages aren't going up, and that creates a  middle-class squeeze. But it is more than healthcare. It is food. It is  every day purchases. It is tuition, if you are trying to send your kid  to school. Those have skyrocketed. So let's do something to actually  give the family budget a little help; that is, the middle-class tax  cuts that are in this proposal.   You probably saw today that the middle-class tax cut alone provides,  on average, $1,458 for every family. That is the median income family.   One of the reporters here in the hall asked me: Gosh, $1,500 a  family--why does that matter?   I said: It matters a lot if you are living paycheck to paycheck.  Maybe you  [[Page S7144]]  are not, but a lot of people whom I represent are, and that $1,500 will  help them to be able to make ends meet and maybe begin to save a little  bit for vacation or retirement or for the ability to make that car  payment. So I think this is really important.   I would say, though, beyond just that important middle-class tax cut,  there is something else that ought to be considered, which is, if we do  this right--the way this has been laid out by the Finance Committee-- what is going to happen is we are going to help to create more jobs and  higher wages.   My colleague from Pennsylvania talked about this. With a relatively  tight labor market, as we have more investment into these businesses,  what is going to happen? Everyone says we are going to see wages go up.  The Congressional Budget Office, which is a nonpartisan group, and the  Joint Committee on Taxation, also a nonpartisan group, have looked at  all of this. They say: Yes, there is actually going to be a benefit to  workers if we do these business tax cuts, to be able to get the  business rate down below the average of the other industrialized  countries, rather than having the highest business rate in the entire  industrialized world, which it is now, because that is going to attract  more jobs and investment here and we will stop losing jobs and  investment.   There are some economists who have looked at this, as well, and they  agree that this is going to benefit workers. In fact, there are a  couple of economic studies that show that families will get an  additional $4,000, on average, per family. Again, we are talking about  middle-class families who will get the benefits that are going to come  from more investment and more jobs and higher earnings that are going  to happen in the business world.   So it is not just about the middle-class tax cuts, as important as  they are; this is also tax reform that is going right to the bottom  line. You will be able to figure it out. Go online, use the tax  calculator, and figure out what it means to you. But also remember that  these other reforms, in an outdated Tax Code that is just crying out  for reform, are going to result in additional benefits flowing to you  and your family, as well, if we do this right, and we have to do it  right.    There is a study that came out recently from a firm called Ernst &  Young. The study looked at what has been happening in America over the  past decade or so. It said that over the last 13 years, there are 4,700  American companies that have become foreign companies because of our  Tax Code that would still be American companies today if we put in  place the kind of tax reform we are talking about--20 percent rate-- below that average of the other industrialized countries and this  international system that allows you to be more competitive--4,700  companies. Think about that.   There is other data out there that says twice as many foreigners are  buying U.S. companies than U.S. companies are buying foreign companies.  Why? Because of our Tax Code. It is just true.   This is something that has been happening in this country, not just  in the last couple of years but really over the last couple of decades.  It is time for us to catch up. America needs to get back in a  leadership position, and if we do that, we are going to see more jobs  and more investment coming here to this country rather than going  overseas.   Finally, the third thing this does that is so important is it levels  the playing field internationally. Right now we have between $2.5  trillion and $3 trillion of earnings--money--from American companies  that are trapped overseas. Those companies aren't bringing it back.  Why? Because of our Tax Code. This tax reform proposal actually says to  those companies: We want that money back here. We want you to invest in  America. We want you to create jobs here and expand plants and  equipment; bring your intellectual property, your patents back here,  and then send that export out from America. That will create jobs here,  including good jobs in research and development.   That is what this proposal does as well. It levels that playing field  internationally to tell the foreign companies and the foreign nations  that are taking advantage of our current Tax Code: You know what, that  is not going to happen anymore. That is done. We now are going to have  a competitive tax code where we are encouraging money to come here to  this country, and that money coming back here, invested in this  country, will also raise the economic condition for the entire country.  Economic growth will go up, and, again, that filters down to all of us,  including every family I represent.   That is why I am excited about this. I think it is overdue. I wish we  could have done this earlier, not just last year but 10 years ago or 20  years ago.   Senator Hatch is on the floor tonight, and he has been talking about  this for a few decades. He has been saying that we have to fix this. He  is now chairman of the Finance Committee. He can do it.   Senator McConnell is going to speak in a minute. He has talked about  this for a long time. We have had commissions on it. We have had  bipartisan working groups--five of them--a year and a half ago on  reform, and those bipartisan working groups looked at this issue. I  cochaired one of those working groups on the international side. Guess  what. On a bipartisan basis, we said: We have to have this lower tax  rate; we have to go to this more competitive international system. Do  my colleagues know who the cochair of that working group was? There was  one Republican, one Democrat on all of these working groups. It was  Chuck Schumer from New York who is now a Democratic leader. So this has  not been a partisan issue in the past, on the international side at  least.   Let's figure out how we can come together and get Republican and  Democratic support to be able to tell the workers of America: You are  no longer going to have to compete with one hand tied behind your back.  We are going to give you the tools to be able to be successful for you  and your family so that you can achieve the American dream.   I am excited about this. Let's move forward. I look forward to the  Finance Committee next week bringing it to the floor, and I hope we can  have support on both sides of the aisle to get this done.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, the distinguished chairman of the  Finance Committee is on the cusp of the accomplishment of his career.  This comprehensive tax reform will make a huge difference for America.  I wish to commend him for the efforts that have gotten us this far.   We have heard members of the Finance Committee speaking to the bill  that has been presented to our conference. This is going to be an  extraordinary accomplishment, not only for the American people but for  the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Portman). The Senator from Louisiana.   