 Mr. President, first of all, I wish to thank Senator  Murray, a member of our leadership, for taking this time to talk about  accounts from home, what we have heard from those we have the honor to  represent, and I think this is exactly what is appropriate at the  beginning of this work period.   I just come off of eight open-to-all townhall meetings in my home  State of Oregon. Five were in counties won by President Trump, three  were in counties won by Hillary Clinton, and the single unifying issue  that dominated each one is that TrumpCare is a loser. Across the  political spectrum--Democrats, Republicans, liberals, and  conservatives--what I was told is that the Congress ought to set this  TrumpCare bill aside, that the one Mitch McConnell has been working on  ought to be dropped, and after it is dropped, Democrats and Republicans  ought to get together and look for the common ground by trying to show  some common sense.   I am going to spend a little time talking about what I heard, what  people are concerned about, and then briefly talk about, as Senator  Murray said, what we would like to do if our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle will drop this ill-advised, ``our way or the  highway'' approach and do what the Senate has traditionally done when  we are talking about tackling a big issue, which is find common ground.   It doesn't get much bigger than healthcare. We are spending $3.2  trillion each year now on healthcare. It comes to something like  $10,000 for every man, woman, and child. We are spending enough money;  the real question is whether we spend it in the right place, and this  very flawed TrumpCare bill will compound that problem.   During those eight townhall meetings over the past week, Oregonians  asked me: When is this flawed TrumpCare bill coming to a vote? How are  my frail, not physically well, older parents supposed to get by if this  bill passes and they lose their health care coverage?   As I have talked about with Senator Murray, we know that Medicaid  picks up the bill for what amounts to two out of three older people in  nursing homes. What often is not mentioned is that it also covers home-  and community-based services for seniors. I remember from my days as  director of the Oregon Gray Panthers that the whole goal was to create  this continuum of choices for older people and, as Senator Murray  touched on, the older people who need nursing homes and nursing home  benefits. She is absolutely right. We also need to protect the Medicaid  guarantee for the seniors for whom care is appropriate in other  settings, such as home- and community-based services.   At those townhall meetings at community centers and auditoriums,  folks knew that I am the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance  Committee.   We have another talented member from the committee, Senator Bennet,  here, as well as my knowledgeable colleague from Oregon, Senator  Merkley.   I have worked on these issues with respect to taxes and healthcare  for some time, and I have really dedicated my professional life to  trying to find that common ground, show common sense in the areas of  healthcare and taxes. But the fact is, this version of TrumpCare is a  tax break for some of the most powerful special interests masquerading  as a health plan, and when Oregonians heard that, whether it was in a  Trump county or in a Clinton county, everybody started nodding.   The secret is out. This is not a plan to fix anybody's healthcare or  hold down the premiums; this is one big handout to the most powerful  special interests. People heard that Republicans were saying those tax  cuts were going to create jobs. That is not very likely when they have  made the tax cuts retroactive. What that means--they made the big one  retroactive to January 1--is that if you have a capital gain say in  March, and if this bill is passed in its present form, if that capital  gain is $1 million, you get a tax break of $38,000. That is not  creating jobs, it is creating windfalls, and the American people have  caught on.   Now that the Senate is back in session, the public is reading about  the newest proposal on offer. It is a Hail Mary pass from Senator Cruz  and Republican leaders, trying to put together $50 billion for their  version of TrumpCare. And we know in the Finance Committee, they have  billions and billions of dollars that they can use to try to find those  extra votes.   I will tell you, this Senator Cruz proposal as it relates to  healthcare is a prescription for mayhem in the private health insurance  marketplace. It is going to mean misery for so many Americans dealing  with illnesses. Forget the talk about bringing costs down. This plan is  going to send health expenses into the stratosphere.   The plan tells insurance companies: You are off the hook as it  relates to basic consumer protections. You get to bring back annual and  lifetime caps on coverage.   Think about that. In the State of Alabama and everywhere else in  America under the Affordable Care Act, the 160 million people who get  their care through their employer heard about this bill and said: We  are home free. It really does not affect us. They got a little extra  bonus. The Affordable Care Act gave them a major catastrophic benefit  if they had that employer coverage. With this Republican bill, all of  those folks who thought they were home free with the employer coverage  should know that once again there would be limits on what insurance  companies could pay.   I will tell you, for anyone who is listening to this, if someone gets  cancer at home, they are going to bust that cap in a hurry. This bill  means they are not automatically protected. You can forget about  essential health benefits. You get to flood the market with bargain- basement insurance plans as long as you offer one comprehensive option,  and you get to price that plan through the roof.   If you pass this bill--the Cruz fantasy proposal--it is going to be a  tale of two health symptoms. The young and healthy will opt for the  barebones insurance plans that don't cover much of  [[Page S3898]]  anything, but there are millions of people in the country who can't get  by, can't make it with skimpy insurance that covers nothing but  stitches and aromatherapy.   There are people who have had a cancer scare or suffer from diabetes  or people who get hurt on the ski slopes or slip off a ladder. The only  coverage that works for them will come with an astronomical price tag.   By the way, the people between 55 and 64, who can get charged five  times as much as younger people, get fewer tax credits under this  Republican proposal. They can't get by with skimpy coverage. A lot of  them have really serious health problems. Skimpy coverage for them is  just a prescription for trouble.   The fact is, this new proposal basically starts marching America back  to the days when healthcare was reserved for the healthy and wealthy.  What I will say is that there would be plenty of opportunities for  Democrats and Republicans to find common ground if this proposal is set  aside.   Nobody has said the Affordable Care Act is perfect. What we would do  is go to work to stabilize the private insurance market. That would be  business No. 1. We would look at ideas, as Senator Nelson has just  thoughtfully outlined, like reinsurance. Then a special priority of  mine is to clamp down on skyrocketing prescription drug prices. I think  there are a number of ideas that are teed up for both sides to come  together.   I recently put in a bill called the SPIKE bill. What it says is that  these big drug companies should have to justify their big price hikes.  I don't think that is an extreme position to say they ought to have to  publicly, justifiably make it part of the public record.   In the last few years, we have had a whole new industry emerge. They  represent States and companies and labor unions, and they are supposed  to be negotiating a good deal for patients. They are called  pharmaceutical benefit managers, but we don't know what they put in  their pocket and what they put in our pocket.   I have said: How about some transparency, folks? Sunlight is the best  disinfectant.   Those are the kinds of ideas--reinsurance, stabilizing the private  insurance market, clamping down on prescription drug prices,  particularly using the power in the marketplace--that both sides ought  to be able to get together.   The recess is over, but the healthcare debate is far from over. What  I will say is what I told my constituents. I see my friend Senator  Merkley here. We had rallies at home. I said: Folks, in stopping the  McConnell bill before the July break, you proved that political change  in America is not trickle-down; it is bottom-up.   For weeks before that July break, Americans of all ages and political  philosophies called and texted and wrote and came to rallies and town  meetings. They said: This TrumpCare bill is a loser for us. It doesn't  work. Drop it and move on to approaches that involve common sense. Look  for common ground that both sides could support. It is absolutely  vital.   The events of the last few weeks have shown the power of the  grassroots. I walked through for my constituents what could have  happened if 2 weeks ago the Republican leader had brought his bill to  the floor. It was in the morning. I described how the bill could have  gotten through the Senate. Maybe the House would have stayed in; maybe  the House would have passed it; maybe the President would have signed  it. One of my constituents said that morning: If that had happened and  we had lost the ACA, even though it is not perfect, that morning we  would have been in mourning.   Let us show today that we can tackle this in a way that the Senate  historically has worked best. Let's block the deeply flawed bill, and  then let's turn around immediately to show that we can come together,  find common ground.   I see one of our colleagues, the distinguished Senator from Virginia,  who has one of the important reinsurance bills here. We have a variety  of ideas that we can pursue, that I think would have appeal on both  sides of the aisle, but there is a step you have to take before you get  on to those commonsense ideas. You have to stop the flawed bill before  the U.S. Senate at this point.   I ask the people of this country to continue what they have done over  the last few weeks and show political change, bottom-up rather than  top-down.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). The Senator from Colorado.   