 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  working with us on this and for yielding time.   I also want to thank the chairman of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee and the ranking member for all their  assistance.   Mr. Speaker, this bill doesn't just include money, which, of course,  is very, very important. It also includes language and changes that I  would consider to be priceless. It includes things like applying  lessons learned, reducing disaster response costs, and, importantly,  speeding up recovery--things outside Washington called common sense and  applying it to how we handle disasters. It pivots from being reactive  and spending billions of dollars after disasters to being proactive.   You can look back since 1980. We have had well over 200 disasters in  this Nation that have cost over $1 billion each. In fact, when you add  it all up, we are looking at approximately $1.3 trillion in disaster  costs in this Nation.   As the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee  said, this bill includes text from H.R. 4460 and H.R. 4438 that  transforms this process: instead of just coming in and picking up the  pieces after a disaster, actually leaning forward and making sure our  communities are more resilient, making sure they are prepared for  disasters, making sure they are prepared for the future.   This bill includes very important provisions to the State of  Louisiana that address this duplication of benefits issue, some  nonsensical policy that someone came up with that a loan is duplicative  of a grant. It eliminates these barriers that prevent us from spending  hazard mitigation grant programs on federally authorized Corps of  Engineer projects to prevent flooding and prevent hurricane damage to  our communities.   It applies common sense. It ensures that deficiencies like the I-12  barrier in Louisiana are addressed. It provides funding to respond to  the 2016, 1,000-year flood that we had in the capital region in  Louisiana.   It provides flexibility for these STEP program housing program-type  concepts that ensure that we are not wasting money that is only ripped  out later on, but it truly provides long-term solutions.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, it addresses inefficiency in food banks and  churches and others, and it makes them eligible. I urge adoption of  this bill.   