 Will the Senator yield for a unanimous consent request?    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the  conclusion of the remarks by the Senator from Vermont, I be recognized  for up to 10 minutes.    I have a point of inquiry. Was the UC already granted-- the unanimous consent request?    Mr. President, let me pause in this class warfare for  just a minute to make a couple of observations that I think are  certainly important to me.   First of all, I agree that no one has said that the underlying bill  is perfect.   Incidentally, I will not respond to the Senator's specific request  until I have time to go back and get the proper response, and then I  will be glad to do it. But I will say this. We are going to have a  conference. There is going to be opportunity for us to go and get some  of the things ironed out--some of the things we are both concerned  about. There are a couple of things I want to serve notice right now  that I am going to be concerned about. One is that the bill that we  have punishes trust ownership. It doesn't treat the trust ownership the  same way it does ordinary ownership. I think they both should be  treated equally. I talked to a number of people who will be  participating in this on the other side of the aisle, and I would like  to kind of serve notice that we are going to be talking about this,  because I think it is very, very significant.   The second thing is that we hear a lot of good ideas. Certainly,  there is this idea that somehow there isn't a good idea unless it  emanates from this body. I have to tell you this. It is interesting for  me to be standing here because I am not on any of the committees that  have anything to do with this bill. I am not on the Finance Committee,  and I am not on the Budget Committee. If you want to talk about  defending America and roads and highways, I will talk to you about  that. That is my specialty. I am on those committees and have senior  leadership in those committees. But as a Member not directly involved  in this debate, I have looked at it and I have heard good ideas from  the outside. I heard one a week ago that actually came from the Hugh  Hewitt show. I heard an idea that I tried to pick apart, and I can't  find any faults with it. So I have developed an amendment that we are  going to have that will address this idea that I am talking about. That  amendment would offer an alternative to those who have retirement  programs, where the individual is not to pay for the income until the  withdrawal date--say, age 59\1/2\.   The amendment would provide that there would be a one-time  opportunity to withdraw up to 25 percent of the retirement account for  a single flat fee of 10 percent in lieu of paying income tax at that  time.   There are a lot of benefits that I think are pretty obvious. We are  talking about retirement programs where the individual is not to pay  for the income until the withdrawal dates--let's say, at age 59\1/2\.  This would have the immediate revenue of 10 percent of all savings that  are withdrawn, and this would actually amount to billions of dollars.  We are talking about immediate dollars, not dollars that may be there  in the future.   Now, you could argue that this might reduce some revenue at some  future date because the individuals will have already pulled this out  for a fee of 10 percent. So, perhaps, it would have some negative  effects in the distant future. But when you stop to think about the  benefits--I know a lot of people on the other side of the aisle don't  realize this--we are going to have huge benefits.   If you just look at what has happened in this administration in the  second and third quarter of this year, we have gone through years in  the Obama administration with maybe a 1.5-percent  [[Page S7661]]  increase in GDP, and we have enjoyed 3 percent in the second quarter  and 3.3 percent in the third quarter. That is a huge increase. For each  1 percent increase over a period of 10 years, we are talking about $3  trillion. So we are all considering this.   This amendment that we are talking about that merely allows people to  take money out that is already their money is something that would have  a great stimulation in the economy. I am one of the few ones who was  around here--not in this body but in the other body--and I was aware of  this back during the Reagan years of 1981 and 1986. In 1981, the amount  of revenue that we had coming into the Federal coffers was $469  billion. Ten years later that was $750 billion. That was after the  first great reduction. Let's remember that reduction took the top rates  down from 70 percent to 50 percent. Again, in 1986, when the total  revenue was $569 billion, there was a further reduction. The top rate  went down from 50 percent to, I believe, 28 percent.   Now, with all of those reductions, that increased 10 years later from  $569 billion to $1 trillion. Consequently, we know that if we can  stimulate the economy, we are going to have more revenue coming in.  That is a fact. I think this will be something that I think a lot of  people can look at.   I talk about when you get into the conference. I will not be one of  the conferees, and I am aware of that, but there are a lot of good  ideas out there along with those on the floor today. They will be  pursuing them at that time. That is assuming we pass this bill, and I  think we will pass it.   Additionally, tax reform will ensure that American families and  businesses see a meaningful reduction in their tax burden. The Senate  bill provides a substantial tax deduction to small and family  businesses that are structured as passthrough entities. These small and  family businesses are household names such as Love's Travel Stop, the  Country Stores, Hobby Lobby. We are all very familiar with Hobby Lobby.   By the way, I will say that in the event there is anyone here who has  not been down to see the Museum of the Bible, that is Hobby Lobby who  paid for that. Those are the types of people who would benefit.  Unfortunately, the Senate does not allow tax deductions for these  companies or passthrough entities if they have trusts. This is not  right.   For these companies trusts were for long-term business purposes, not  to evade their fair share of taxes. These companies use the income to  invest capital in operations to grow their businesses, to hire people,  and to contribute to the economic growth that we need in this country.  We should not penalize passthrough companies for their businesses  because they are trusts. My amendment would fix that.   With that, I yield the floor.   