 Madam President, in many ways, the Children's Health  Insurance Program has been an outstanding example of what a bipartisan,  democratic process can accomplish. Twenty years ago, President Bill  Clinton worked with a Republican majority in both the Senate and the  House of Representatives to successfully pass the Children's Health  Insurance Program into law. That legislation passed with 85 votes in  the Senate--an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote--to recognize the simple  fact that all children born in this great country of ours should have  healthcare coverage.   The Children's Health Insurance Program, along with our Nation's  community health centers, has more often than not seen great bipartisan  support. As Members of Congress, we have always come together and  understood the importance of these programs, and we have done  everything we can to ensure that quality, cost-effective care is  available to millions of Americans. Unfortunately, as I stand here  today, funding for both the Children's Health Insurance Program and  community health centers has expired.   The Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, provides healthcare  coverage to over 100,000 children in my home State of Michigan and more  than 9 million children nationally. In addition, community health  centers serve as the primary medical home to over 600,000 Michiganders  and more than 20 million individuals across our country. For people  living in rural and underserved areas, their community health center is  their doctor's office and often their only choice when it comes to care  close to home.   We have already passed the deadline to extend the Children's Health  Insurance Program and the Community Health Center Fund. We have passed  the time to act. We should not wait any longer to provide certainty to  the millions of children and their families who depend on CHIP and to  the Americans who will lose access to care if their community health  center is closed.   We are already seeing the impact of our inaction in the CHIP program.  Several States have begun to warn that they may be forced to end  enrollment of new children, cut back services, or end their programs  altogether if we do not act soon. Independent experts estimate that at  least 10 States could completely run out of funding for their  Children's Health Insurance Program before the end of the year, while  funding for the remaining States' programs would not be very far  behind.   This is not a responsible way to govern. I have heard from physicians  in my State, especially in rural communities, who fear that this lack  of action will mean great harm to the patients they serve. I have heard  from pediatricians who know firsthand what the end of CHIP would mean  for Michigan's children. As our country grapples with what we can do to  expand mental health treatment and address the expanding opioid  epidemic, letting these programs lapse would be a huge step in the  wrong direction. This unnecessary uncertainty has already forced some  community health centers to contemplate staff hiring freezes and  layoffs. It is certainly harming their day-to-day operations. It has  made it difficult for them to recruit new doctors, and it has made it  harder for their offices to obtain loans to grow their practices and to  serve more patients.   Luckily, this is a problem we know how to solve. I am proud to have  cosponsored bipartisan legislation with Senators Hatch and Wyden that  would ensure funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program. I  also support similarly bipartisan legislation by Senators Blunt and  Stabenow to extend funding for our Nation's community health centers.   I welcome the fact that the Senate Finance Committee held a markup  yesterday and was able to advance the bipartisan bill to fund the  Children's Health Insurance Program. Now the rest of us in Congress  need to do our job. Let's bring both of these bills up for a vote  because, quite frankly, we cannot afford to wait any longer. Our  Nation's children and millions of Americans who use community health  centers as their primary medical home cannot afford to wait any longer.  Historically, these programs have not been controversial to  reauthorize, and they should not be now.   I am urging my colleagues to prioritize the children of our rural and  underserved communities who will be hurt if we do not act soon. Let's  do what is right for our country's children and families and pass this  vital legislation as soon as possible.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   