 Mr. President, we have the recent fake accounts scandal at  Wells Fargo and the massive data breach at Equifax. I don't think any  of us can go home and not hear, certainly, about the Equifax scandal  that we found out about just a couple of weeks ago. The massive data  breach at Equifax and the fake accounts scandal at Wells Fargo drive  home the fact that so-called forced arbitration clauses have become  almost unavoidable in everyday life.   Whether it is a credit card or a bank account, whether it is a  student loan or a college enrollment, whether it is a nursing home  contract, your phone service, or even--now far too often--your job, you  have probably signed a contract that forced you to give up your right  to a day in court, usually, without even realizing it.   Forced arbitration is a tool that big corporations use to silence  victims of corporate fraud and corporate abuse. These victims never get  to tell their stories to a judge or a jury of their peers. Why? Because  of the small print in these contracts. Victims are pushed into a secret  process behind closed doors, where corporations win about 90 percent of  the time.   Over the past couple of weeks, I have had an opportunity to hear from  some of these victims. Let me tell you about George from Mentor, OH.  George's wife suffered physical and mental abuse in a nursing home, but  George and his wife have been denied a day in court. He said the  lawyers he reached out to for help turned him away because they didn't  think he had a chance fighting against the forced arbitration clause in  his family's nursing home admittance agreement.   Any family who has been through the transition of admitting a loved  one into a nursing home will tell you it is a difficult time in the  best of circumstances. Forcing these families to sign away their rights  is not only wrong. It is dangerous. Typically, because of all the  trauma of moving a family member into a nursing home, you are not even  aware that you have signed away your rights.   After the Equifax breach, my office was flooded with calls from  scared consumers seeking help. Let me tell you about another one. Bill  is from Hamilton, OH, which is at the other end of the State from  Mentor. He and his wife are retired, and they worked hard to pay their  bills on time. He has had excellent credit, and this is the story of  millions of Americans. That was all put at risk when Equifax allowed  his family's personal information to be stolen, along with that of 143  million other Americans. It is pretty much half of the country.   This breach was so huge and harmed so many people that the company's  CEO, Richard Smith, retired suddenly today. Well, he will probably have  a very comfortable retirement. His compensation was millions of dollars  a year. The millions of people he has harmed will continue to struggle  with the mess that he left behind.   That is bad enough, but Equifax was also demanding that Bill in  Hamilton, OH, give up his right to hold the company accountable in  court if Bill signed up for their credit monitoring service. Do you  remember, after the story broke--I believe it was in July when the  executives found out about the 143 million Americans breached, or the  140-  [[Page S6107]]  plus million Americans breached--that a couple of executives sold some  of their stock. That is interesting. We will see what happens about  that. Then it became public in September. So we know that.   Now, we also know that Equifax, then, to make it up to their  customers, said that they would give them a free year of credit  monitoring. A year ago, I believe it was, when there was another  situation like that of a data breech, Congress voted to protect Federal  employees and to give them free credit monitoring for 10 years. But  Equifax, generously--I believe some used that word, but they probably  didn't--gave the 1 year, but they had a forced arbitration clause. It  was only because of a staff person on the Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs Committee, that Cory saw that they had that provision in these  contracts--this free year of credit monitoring--and Equifax decided to  back off of that.   These forced arbitration clauses are incredibly powerful. To  understand them better, big companies use the small print not just  against regular families back in Ohio but even against people who could  afford top-notch legal teams.   Gretchen Carlson, a well-known news anchor, endured sexual harassment  at FOX but was prevented from suing her employer by a forced  arbitration clause. She didn't really know that or hadn't thought much  about that when she signed her contract. She wrote of forced  arbitration: It is ``often argued to be a quicker and cheaper method of  dispute resolution for employees'' but, ``instead [it] has silenced  millions of women who otherwise may have come forward.''   The power of forced arbitration clauses to silence victims has  allowed potentially millions of people to be harmed by big banks and  other financial institutions.   Let's take another one, Wells Fargo. In 2013, Wells Fargo used a  forced arbitration clause to silence a customer who had accused the  company of opening fake accounts in his name. You will remember that  Wells Fargo opened as many as 3.5 million fake accounts, meaning they  opened an account that the Senator from Texas or that I or others had  not given permission to do so. They opened accounts in people's names.  Obviously, I am not saying that personally of the Senator from Texas  and me, but they opened 3 million fake accounts of customers who didn't  even know these accounts had been opened. They subjected their  employees to harsh sales goals. They threatened to fire anyone who  didn't keep up.   Think about how much damage could have been prevented if that  customer was allowed to take Wells Fargo to open court 4 years ago, but  they couldn't because of forced arbitration.   Well, Equifax pulled back its use of forced arbitration clauses after  the public shaming of what they did, but Wells Fargo seems to have no  shame in continuing to hide behind arbitration following scandal after  scandal. You will remember what Warren Buffet, who is a major  stockholder in Wells Fargo, said: You rarely find just one cockroach in  the kitchen. Well, with Wells Fargo, there was one case after they  said: This is it. Then, there was another, and they said: Well, this is  it. Then, there was another one. We don't know what is next.   We know that many of the victims of Wells Fargo's scandal were  servicemembers. In 2015, Santander Bank illegally repossessed cars from  servicemembers and, then, used a forced arbitration clause to silence  their claims. So they are willing to go against servicemembers, in the  case of Santander. Wells Fargo is willing to do it against  servicemembers. Wells Fargo is willing to do it against up to 3.5  million customers for whom they opened fake accounts.   Servicemembers and all Americans deserve to be protected from this  shady legal fine print. That is what the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau has done with its new rule on the issue of forced arbitration--a  rule that some in this body want to overturn.   It is despicable that Congress is trying to cover for big  corporations looking to cheat consumers and overturn this rule. Make no  mistake. Voting to overturn the CFPB rule about forced arbitration is  simply saying that we support corporations' ability and efforts to  cheat their consumers. They simply don't have their day in court.   The American Legion adopted a resolution at its national conference  last month opposing repeal of the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau's rule. They understand that the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau did the right thing to protect servicemembers from forced  arbitration.   John Kamin, assistant director of the American Legion's veterans  employment and education division, said: ``Our membership has stated  unequivocally that we will not accept a future where our military  veterans' financial protections are chipped away to increase the  margins of the financial sector.''   Let me say that again: ``We will not accept a future''--this is from  the American Legion--``where our military veterans' financial  protections are chipped away to increase the margins of the financial  sector.''   The right to have your day in court is enshrined in the Constitution  that our servicemembers fight to uphold. The least we can do is to  protect this right for the women and the men who protect our country-- to protect this right for the men and the women who protect our  country.   How can Members of this body, when this vote approaches, if they  support the CRA to overturn the rule of the CFPB, look those servicemen  and servicewomen in the eyes and explain that they chose to stand with  Wall Street over these people who served their country and over their  families and over hard-working people all across America?   It is our job to protect the people we serve, not to protect Wall  Street banks and corporations when they try to scam consumers. Big  companies use small print to silence the hard-working Americans they  have cheated.   When a resolution to repeal the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau's rule comes to this floor, I urge my colleagues to speak up for  the people whom we serve.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   