 Thank you very much, Mr. President.   I was paying attention to my social media feed, and I have seen that  Senators on the Republican side are starting to announce which way they  are voting. I saw that Corker is a no and Collins is a yes. I don't  know what they are a no or a yes on. How can you declare which way you  are going to vote on a bill that you haven't read, on a bill that your  constituents haven't seen?   Senator Wyden just piled up what looked to be about 6 inches' worth  of text in front of the Senate floor. There is no possible way that any  Member of this body has read all of that. There is no way that in the  time between when it is released to Senators and when we vote, anyone-- even from the very close States--is going to be able to get back to  their constituents and ask them what they think about this piece of  legislation. I guess I would say I have never seen anything like it,  but we just went through it earlier this year when we were given about  an hour to look at a complete reform of one-sixth of the American  economy, the healthcare system.   We are now being asked to vote this evening on a multitrillion-dollar  reform of our Tax Code, and not a single U.S. Senator will have read  it. There is no way you will have read it. I just saw how big it is.  Maybe Republicans have read it because they have seen it in these  secret negotiations, but I can guarantee you that Senate Democrats will  not have read this because we have been kept out of the loop on all of  these negotiations designed to get to 50 votes--not to 60 votes, not to  70 votes, not a consensus product that can get Republican and  Democratic support.   I got here in 2007 when Democrats took control of the House and the  Senate. I remember during those 2 years all sorts of consternation from  Republicans about how bills were being rushed through the process. In  reaction to that, when Republicans took back control of the House, they  instituted something called a 72-hour rule that said that we couldn't  vote on a piece of legislation unless Members have been able to see it  for 72 hours. We need a 72-minute rule. I don't think we are going to  be able to look at this legislation for more than 72 minutes--a  multitrillion-dollar reform of the U.S. Tax Code--before we are asked  to vote on it.   Senator Wyden and others have been waving around this list of  lobbyist asked-for amendments that fill up an entire page. We are not  going to get 72 minutes to look at this, never mind have a single  conversation with our constituents. It is dark out. The bill is going  to be introduced on a Friday night. We are going to vote on it  overnight. This is supposed to be the world's greatest deliberative  body. It is not supposed to work like this.   It is not a middle-class tax cut. I am not going to deny that there  are some people in the middle class who are going to get their taxes  lowered by this bill, but the middle-class tax cuts here are temporary  and they are very selective. They are selective in a way that very  peculiarly seems to discriminate against Democratic States. So the  States that are represented by Democrats don't get as big a tax cut out  of this because it has been crafted in a way that hurts States like  mine that utilize the State and local tax deductions more than other  States, those that happen to be represented by Republicans.   It is not a middle-class tax cut because the middle-class tax cuts  are temporary. They go away after 7 years. The corporate tax cuts, the  inheritance tax cuts for billionaires, are permanent. Those go through  the full 10-year timeframe. But middle-class families don't get  permanence. After 7 years, 6 out of 10 middle-class families will have  their taxes go up, not down.   That 7-year timeframe is an important one because by repealing the  individual mandate, premiums go up by 10 percent a year. Republicans  have been screaming about premiums going up, and they decided  intentionally to put a provision in this bill that will guarantee  premiums will continue to go up at 10 percent per year. Guess what  happens at year 7. Year 7 is when that 10 percent increase year-by-year  compounds such that premiums will double. So in year 7--this is a great  deal if you are a middle-class taxpayer--your tax cut to the extent it  exists in this bill disappears and your healthcare premium is doubled.   What it is, is a big tax cut for the wealthy. I am stealing Senator  Bennet's chart, but he did it very well. We have 572,000 taxpayers--the  richest 500,000 Americans--getting $34 billion in tax cuts, and then we  have 90 million taxpayers who are making under $50,000 a year getting  $14 billion in tax cuts.   I get it. If you are going to structure a tax cut that covers  everybody, naturally people who make more are going to get more. But  why does it make sense to borrow $34 billion to help the wealthiest  500,000 Americans? This  [[Page S7679]]  doesn't even count the inheritance tax, which is going to help an even  smaller percentage of those people even more.   Come on, this idea that you could deficit-finance a tax cut for the  rich and it will just trickle down and magically result in economic  growth--that is just not true. It is fiction. We have decades of  economic experience to tell us that when we cut taxes for the rich, it  does not magically result in enough economic growth to make up for the  deficit, especially deficits that are going to be in the neighborhood  of $2 trillion. You might as well claim that unicorns are real. You  want to believe that Tupac is still alive, go for it--that is just as  plausible as deficit-financed tax cuts for the rich resulting in enough  economic growth to wipe out the deficit. It is fiction. It is a fantasy  from the beginning.   I think we should take our time, read the bill, and have a real  conversation about what we are about to do. If our goal is to provide a  middle-class tax cut, we could do a much better job if we worked  together. This is not a middle-class tax cut for everybody, and after 7  years, the majority of people in the middle class lose that tax cut.   There is no reason to borrow this much money for the richest 500,000  Americans. As a Senator with two young kids, I just don't know why you  would ask my kids and so many others to pay back the loans necessary to  deliver this tax cut, especially when it isn't going to magically  result in the kind of economic growth that trickle-down economists have  claimed for years and years.   It is not impossible to get a bipartisan tax bill. I know my  Republican friends claim, as they did on healthcare, that there is no  good will on the Democratic side to try to craft a bipartisan proposal.  The tragedy is that they didn't even try. There was no attempt to try  to find common ground here, just as there was no attempt to try to find  common ground on healthcare until the bill failed. I credit Senator  Alexander and Senator Murray for trying to find that common ground  after the healthcare bill failed, but the order switched--try to find  common ground first, and if that fails, do it in a partisan fashion,  instead of doing it in a partisan fashion, and when that fails, trying  to find common ground.   This is a really bad deal, a really bad piece of legislation for my  constituents--I think, because I will not have read it by the time I am  forced to vote on it, and neither will any of the other 99 Members of  this body.   I will yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    I will.    I will.    I will.    I will.    I will.    I will.    I say to Senator Wyden, I don't want to be too heavy  about this, but everybody shouldn't assume that the way in which we run  our country just continues on forever. Democracy is unnatural. We don't  run other parts of our lives by democratic vote. We decided to run our  country in a way that allows everybody to participate. And, you know,  let's be honest--people have been asking some questions recently about  the health of our democracy, and maybe that was a big part of the  subtext of the 2016 election.   This doesn't help win people's faith back in the democratic  experiment when they see this casualness afforded to a debate that  affects millions of Americans. It hurts us all when a bill this big,  this important, gets rammed through under the cover of night. It starts  to atrophy people's faith in the entire way that we go about running  our government.   I understand that Congress is not that popular. It would be hard to  get less popular than we are today. If we ever want to start to climb  our way back to legitimacy, then we have to trust the people to be part  of the process of drafting and passing legislation rather than being  afraid of the people and burying a bill in the dead of the night, as is  happening now.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time?   The Senator from Maryland.   