 Mr. President, I am very honored to follow my  distinguished colleague from Vermont on issues that he has worked so  long and so hard and so well, and that is health care for our Nation  and focusing on the fight for women's health, for access to affordable  care for all Americans, and for a Cabinet truly free of conflict and  corruption--a cause that we share in opposing Tom Price as the  Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.   What is so painfully apparent to him and me and many of our  colleagues is that Representative Price's nomination is a doubling down  of the ongoing blatant attack on women's health by his administration.  His radical anti-choice policies, antiquated views on reproductive  health, and demands to repeal the women's health provisions of the  Affordable Care Act disqualify him from serving as the next Secretary  of Health and Human Services.   Before the ACA was signed into law, being a woman meant higher health  care costs for simply being a woman. It is estimated that this  discrimination cost them about $1 billion more every year. They had to  pay higher costs simply because they were women.   Representative Price has been clarion clear about where he stands on  this issue, with his policy effectively eliminating important  protections against discrimination that were guaranteed under the  Affordable Care Act. Under Representative Price's reckless proposal,  all women, including healthy women, could see their insurance costs  rise--and rise astronomically. His plan also means guaranteed coverage  of maternity care services could be lost. It means well-woman visits,  birth control, domestic violence screening, and breastfeeding support-- all provided now without any out-of-pocket costs--would be lost. The  simple truth is, with Representative Price's policies, many women will  go without necessary care.   More than a quarter of all women and 44 percent of low-income women  already rely on publicly funded health clinics like Planned Parenthood  for contraception. Without guaranteed access to birth control, without  cost-sharing, this number will certainly climb.   It isn't hard to see why, despite the lonely opposition of  Representative Price and the Republican Party, 70 percent of Americans  support a birth control benefit. Representative Price callously asked  to see one woman who couldn't afford birth control, one woman who was  left behind. If he is confirmed and if the policies he vigorously  supports are enacted, he will see millions without necessary health  care and particularly birth control.   As many know, Representative Price's attempt to defund Planned  Parenthood means more than just losing access to birth control; it  means cutting off preventive care, cancer screenings, and STD testing  for millions of low-income women. The women who get their care from  Planned Parenthood seek what all of us want, what all of us should have  a right to receive--trusted, compassionate, and medically sound health  care. Representative Price's politically motivated tax on Planned  Parenthood put this care, and their lives, at risk.    Clearly, Representative Price is one of the most extreme Members of  his party on issues of women's health, and that includes his views on  women's reproductive rights--a woman's right to choose. He has  supported radical legislation that would ban virtually all safe  abortions and even some forms of birth control, which, in essence,  would send our country back to a time when women died because the care  they needed was outlawed. It was made unlawful; it was banned. That  time has gone. We do not want it to come again.   Simply put, Representative Price's anti-choice views are not only  ill-informed and unconstitutional, but they are downright dangerous.   Representative Price has also shown remarkable indifference to the  concerns of the millions who will see their health insurance  disappear--vanish--following repeal of the Affordable Care Act, if that  disgrace should occur. For millions, the Affordable Care Act has been  the difference between seeing a doctor at the first signs of disease  and waiting until treatment is no longer an option. It has been the  difference between financial security and bankruptcy. Much of the  bankruptcy in the United States of America has to do with medical  costs.   For many, it has been the difference--no exaggeration--between life  and death.   The numbers support this point, whether or not Representative Price  wants to believe them. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act in  2010, the percentage of uninsured Americans is the lowest it has been  in 50 years or more. The positive impact of this law is felt every  single day in the State of Connecticut. It has reduced our uninsured  rate by a massive 34 percent, resulting in 110,000 Connecticut  residents gaining coverage. Many of my constituents have felt emphatic  about--and have told me so--exactly how the Affordable Care Act has  changed their lives and their family's lives for the better.   Representative Price refuses to guarantee that these families will be  covered following repeal. So I hope he hears their stories and  understands what the Affordable Care Act means to them and the millions  of other Americans whom he chooses not to see, not to hear, not to know  exist.   Representative Price refuses to guarantee that these families will be  covered. For example, I point to a woman in Connecticut named Colleen  who told me that before the ACA was passed, her medications alone cost  $250,000 each year. That is a quarter of a million dollars. Thanks to  this law, she has affordable care, no lifetime limits, and knows she  will not be a victim of discrimination or denied coverage of her  preexisting condition. Colleen said the Affordable Care Act has been  the difference for her between life and death.   I have also heard from a father whose daughter has a chronic illness.  He asked that I emphasize to all of you, my colleagues, that health  insurance is ``not a luxury, but a necessity'' for his family. His  daughter represents one of the 1.5 million people in Connecticut who  are now protected from discrimination based on preexisting conditions,  thanks to the Affordable Care Act.   I have heard from a retired pastor who counts on the Affordable Care  Act for coverage, a farmer who fears for his family's health after  repeal, a young woman who was able to start her own business because of  the assurances promised by health reform, and a veteran who is scared  for his wife.   Representative Price cannot promise that these people will keep their  coverage, and he has said that outlawing discrimination because of  preexisting conditions is ``a terrible idea.'' He thinks it is a  terrible idea to outlaw preexisting conditions. I saw the effects of  preexisting conditions year after year when I was attorney general, and  I went to bat and fought for people who were denied health care because  their insurance companies told them that health care isn't to take care  of a preexisting condition not covered by their policy. His proposals  do not expand access to affordable care, and they do not protect  patients.   Representative Price's nomination is wrong for the people of  Connecticut and for the people of this Nation.   Representative Price's plans would also do away with the expansion of  Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, disrupting the lives and health  of nearly 15 million Americans. This would leave so many people without  access to preventive care, lifesaving medications, and necessary  medical interventions. This is simply unacceptable and cannot be the  policies of the  [[Page S1044]]  Secretary of Health and Human Services.   In fact, instead of expansion, Representative Price wants to block- grant Medicaid and cap the program, resulting in higher costs, less  coverage, and devastation for millions of Americans, half of them  children who rely on this program.   In Connecticut, we have been hit hard by the opioid addiction  epidemic. It is a national scourge, a public health crisis, and we have  relied heavily on Medicaid to fill the gaps. At a time when this  epidemic needs more resources, not less, Representative Price would  work to strip that away, leaving people who rely on Medicaid without  treatment.   His plan for our Nation's seniors is just as dismal. He champions  privatizing Medicare by turning it into a voucher system and ending the  promise of guaranteed health benefits.   Giving seniors a fixed amount of funds to buy health insurance would  result in high premiums, increased out-of-pocket costs for seniors,  many of them already on a fixed income. And for many Americans,  Representative Price may mean the difference between being able to  purchase lifesaving medications and putting food on the table or  heating their homes.   Finally, like many of my colleagues--and Senator Sanders made this  point so well--I have serious concerns over Representative Price's  potential conflicts of interest. Having repeatedly purchased stock in  health care and pharmaceutical companies that would directly benefit  from his legislative efforts and advocacy on the company's behalf, he  nonetheless made those investments and kept them.    In the face of these allegations, Representative Price has simply  refused to provide information that could disprove violations, which  has led many Americans to question whether Representative Price will  truly put their best interests before crony capitalism.   The American people know better. These potential conflicts of  interest and views on the Affordable Care Act, Medicaid, and Medicare  are out of touch and out of line with what Americans want and our  Nation needs. We should be building on the success of these programs,  not tearing them down, and we should be working with one another to  improve the health of all Americans, not fostering divisions. Sadly,  Representative Price's views and policies make this very attainable  goal really impossible. Simply put, his proposals are dangerous, they  are disgraceful, and they are disqualifying.   I cannot vote for Representative Price to lead the Department of  Health and Human Services. I will oppose his nomination and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   