 Mr. Speaker, in 1976, the United States Government  officially recognized Black History Month.   Every February since, we take the time to reflect on the  contributions African Americans have made to this great Nation. We  stand on the shoulders of those who have paved the way not only for  African Americans, but for all Americans: individuals such as Shirley  Chisholm, who once was a Member of this body and the first African- American woman elected to the United States Congress; Congressman  Parren Mitchell; Justice Thurgood Marshall; and my personal hero,  Reverend Leon H. Sullivan, a civil rights leader and a social activist  who understood jobs were the key to economic development and  empowerment of African Americans.   Reverend Sullivan had a very simple statement: ``Don't buy where you  don't work.'' That is what Reverend Sullivan said: ``Don't buy where  you don't work.''   Reverend Sullivan, who was on the board of General Motors, started  something called OIC, that we all know about, in 1964. I was 10 years  old when Reverend Sullivan started OIC Industrial Center.   Reverend Sullivan led a movement, a movement that 400 ministers led  against a baking company in the city of Philadelphia called Tastykake.  That is where he said: ``Don't buy where you don't work.'' That is a  message that is still very relevant to where we are today. It is clear  that we need to change the dynamics of this economic structure.   Despite the strides that some have made in our country, we still have  a long way to go to make our country a more perfect Union. Tonight, we  want to ensure that those who have joined, specifically at the  grassroots, in the quest for justice and equality understand that we  are still fighting. Communities across our Nation are struggling, and  we have to continue to fight against policies and actions that will  negatively impact them, including the repeal and inadequate replacement  of the Affordable Care Act.   Constituents in my district rely on the Affordable Care Act heavily,  and dismantling this law will be devastating and result in the loss of  jobs. Those in my district want us to understand the hardships they are  going through; thus, we must all ensure that we listen to the concerns  of our communities.   I personally made it a point to visit hospitals, attend rallies,  visit colleges, and reach out to the community. I serve because it is  my job. I was elected to represent the people. We stand united with  those at the grassroots movement who are fighting for justice for all.   Colleagues, let's continue to join with those who are pushing in the  right direction, not just on Black History Month, but every month and  every day and every moment. This is a rather unique opportunity in  history, and we all can play a role in the change in the effort.   I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and to be  standing with my colleagues here today, pushing the message and the  conscience of this country that we are still not finished. From those  whom I just mentioned and the shoulders that we stand on, we still have  a lot of work.   I thank both of my colleagues for leading this effort and  demonstrating it. I thank the chairman of the Congressional Black  Caucus for his leadership.   