 Mr. Speaker, let's talk about a stacked deck: trial  attorneys putting cash over conscience. That is not the answer that we  are in search of, but it is the answer that others who are opposed to  this certainly are.   The CFPB, the so-called Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, has a  study itself that shows that consumers who actually use arbitration  reach more favorable outcomes than those who are roped into lawsuits  with cash-starved trial lawyers.   It is astounding that only 13 percent of these lawsuits provide any  benefit to actual consumers, but the Bureau is still pushing this ill- advised rule. Arbitration decisions also come much more quickly for  consumers. Again, the Bureau's own study concludes that arbitration  decisions come 12 times faster than lawsuits.   So let's review quickly: a faster, more favorable outcome for  consumers versus helping trial lawyers line their pockets. This should  not be hard.   In fact, Mr. Speaker, according to the D.C. Circuit Court, unelected  Bureau Director Cordray has more unilateral authority than any other  single commissioner or board member in any other independent agency in  the entire U.S. Government.    Congress must begin to use its authority to hold this agency  accountable for its anticonsumer policies and actually provide the  checks and balances that our Founders would have intended. That is the  stacked deck that we have right now, folks.   The Bureau's flawed arbitration rule does absolutely nothing to  protect the consumers it is charged with protecting. Instead, it is  nothing more than a windfall for trial lawyers and well-connected  Washington elites. The  [[Page H6272]]  rule's only accomplishment will be to create more class action  lawsuits, lining trial lawyers' pockets with more cash while providing  no real protection to consumers.   This anticonsumer rule will have the effect of making consumers wait  longer for worse decisions as they seek resolutions for their disputes.  In no way, shape, or form does this rule actually do what the Bureau  was created to do: protect consumers.   This CRA is an important step in allowing Congress to rein in this  rogue agency. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   