 Mr. President, this Saturday is Veterans Day. On this  11th day of the 11th month each year, we pause to honor and pay tribute  to our veterans and the countless sacrifices they have made to serve  our country. We also honor their families, who have endured extended  absences and profound personal challenges as they have watched those  most precious to them put themselves in harm's way. In that spirit of  gratitude, I want to recognize some of Maryland's bravest and finest  servicemembers who have given the last full measure of devotion to our  Nation.   Sgt. Eric M. Houck, 25, died from gunshot wounds in the Peka Valley  of  [[Page S7154]]  the Nangarhar Province in Afghanistan this past June. Sergeant Houck,  who began his military career as a private and rose to the rank of  sergeant in just 3 years, was an avid sports fan. His father called  Eric his best friend and said that his family, particularly his two  young children, were everything to him. He was only 1 month shy of  returning home.   Navy PO1 Xavier Martin, age 24, died aboard the USS Fitzgerald during  its tragic collision off the coast of Japan in June. Petty Officer  Martin was an exemplary sailor and the youngest petty officer with a  rank of first class aboard the USS Fitzgera1d. He was so well-loved,  more than 100 friends and family traveled from around the country and  the globe to attend his funeral.   U.S. Air Force pilot and Annapolis native Eric Schultz was killed in  an aircraft crash in early September. Lieutenant Colonel Schultz was a  combat veteran and an exceptionally talented Air Force test pilot with  more than 2,000 hours of flying. He held six degrees, including a Ph.D.  in aerospace engineering, but was described by friends and family as  the most humble man they have ever known. ``If you met him in a social  environment, you would never know he was a Ph.D. or a pilot,'' his  father said.   Timothy Eckels and Kevin Bushell were among the sailors killed during  the collision of the USS John McCain in August. Information System  Technician 2nd Class Eckels was a graduate of Manchester Valley High  School and was described as being ``known for making everyone better by  his presence'' and a true pleasure to be around. He was just 23 years  old. Electronics Technician 2nd Class Bushell was not much older, at  only 26, and a talented technician for the Navy. He proudly served for  7 years.   There are many other Marylanders, many other families, who have  suffered unfathomable loss and injury, and all of them deserve our  collective and eternal gratitude.   They also deserve to have the many promises we have made kept. They  deserve the job training, education assistance, and housing benefits  they have earned. They deserve every tool and resource they need to  succeed both professionally and personally once they return home. They  deserve leaders who consider their sacrifice every day, not only on  Veterans Day.   Let us honor our veterans in ways that are truly befitting their  service: by vowing to protect the benefits they have earned. By  pledging to remain grateful for their service and concerned for their  needs every day, not only on this day and, perhaps most critically of  all, by recommitting ourselves to the causes for which they served.   Today, I salute every man and woman who has put on a uniform and  humbly thank every one of their families for braving the worst fears  and the toughest challenges in service to our Nation.   (At the request of Mr. Schumer, the following statement was ordered  to be printed in the Record.)  