 Mr. Speaker, at a time here in America when mass  shootings have become all too frequent, at a time when bullets  literally rip apart human bodies and human families and cause so much  pain, at a time when effective groups like Moms Demand Action for Gun  Sense and Texas Gun Sense and the P.E.A.C.E. Initiative are asking this  Congress to act to reduce gun violence, this Congress has committed  itself to doing absolutely nothing about that violence.   If you are on the terrorist watch list and you cannot fly, not to  worry about buying a gun. It's ``No fly,'' but you can still buy.   Today we are told the problem isn't that there are too many guns out  there causing too much harm to American families. There are not enough.  A group is being left out, omitted from access to guns.   There are a group of Americans, who either from birth or by  contracting some mental disability later in life, have a mental  impairment that is so significant that we ask taxpayers across America  to provide them support through the Social Security disability system.  They are declared to be disabled.   And within that group that is taxpayer funded, there is a much  smaller group whose disability is so severe that they can't handle  their own affairs. They can't receive a check. But these folks say  don't worry that you can't place a check in their hand and you have to  give it to someone else, it is okay to put a gun in their hands. That  is what this proposal does.   Now, we have, as they have failed to point out, a system in place at  the Veterans' Administration so that if someone is a veteran and they  are disabled, there is a process by which they are included within this  system.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Simpson). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, but these folks, instead of reaching out to  do something about gun violence in America, propose to make them more  accessible to individuals that are so impaired they cannot take care of  themselves in many ways and cannot even accept a check and are saying:  Give them a gun.   There are already safeguards in this Rule. Someone can appeal being  listed and say: You know, I can't accept a check, but I do have the  ability to own a gun. And they can do that through the Social Security  Administration, as soon as they see their name on the list. Or if they  are denied a purchase at a later time and they are someone who doesn't  belong on this list, there is a way for them to get off the list.   In short, there is due process to ensure they are not unfairly denied  gun access. But the American people and the families that are being  hurt day after day by gun violence, they deserve some due process, too.   Let's uphold this Rule and reject this giant step backward that will  only produce more gun violence and more families torn asunder.   Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Smith).   