 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have some good news from Montana. A week  ago yesterday, the U.S. Senate voted to confirm former Georgia Governor  Sonny Perdue to be our next Secretary of Agriculture. When we met prior  to his confirmation hearing, Secretary Perdue and I discussed Montana  ag and the need to expand agricultural access to foreign markets. I  know he will prioritize the ag industry during his time in office, and  I am pleased to share that I will be hosting the Secretary in Montana  for the Montana Ag Summit that is going to be held in Great Falls at  the end of this month.   Back in March, during the Secretary's confirmation hearing, I  extended an invitation to join us in Montana's Golden Triangle as we  discuss the issue of strengthening international relationships for  Montana's agriculture. The Golden Triangle is where my great-great- grandmother homesteaded as she moved from Minnesota--a Norwegian  immigrant--to Montana.   At the Ag Summit, we will showcase the technological advancements  that are changing the way we produce crops and livestock, promote the  next generation of ag producers, and discuss the challenges ag  producers face as a result of our Federal policies and regulations. The  Montana Ag Summit will bring together leaders from across the  agricultural industry to hear from our keynote speakers, which include  Secretary Perdue and my colleague and friend and the chairman of the  U.S. Senate Ag Committee, Senator Pat Roberts from Kansas. Nothing  takes the place of hearing directly from Montanans and seeing our great  State with your own eyes.   I have been a strong advocate for Montana ag since coming to  Washington, DC, and it is a privilege to serve as Montana's only  representative on the U.S. Senate Ag Committee. Whenever I get the  chance, I talk about Montana's ag industry and advocate for regulation  reform and for additional opportunities for our ag producers to compete  on a level playing field.   Another critical issue for farmers and ranchers in Montana and around  the Nation is opening up more market opportunities for the ag industry.  In fact, earlier this past month, 38 of my colleagues and I wrote to  President Trump asking him to prioritize reopening China's markets to  U.S. beef in his discussions with Chinese President Xi Jinping. China  is Montana's third leading trade partner after Canada and South Korea.    It is important to remember that 95 percent of the world's consumers  live outside of the United States. While the Chinese ban on U.S. beef  imports was lifted last fall, more needs to be done to actually see  U.S. beef on the shelves of Chinese grocery stores. You see, China is  the second largest beef import market in the world.   I can say it was an honor to personally present some of Miles City's  famous and finest beef to Chinese Premier Li Keqiang from Fred Wacker's  ranch out of Miles City. I will get Montana beef in China if I have to  take it over myself.   Montana's No. 1 industry and economic driver is agriculture. With  over 27,000 farms in the State, Montana ag is nearly $5 billion strong.  By the way, Montana is now the leading pulse crop producer in the  Nation.   Last week, President Trump unveiled his tax reform plan, which, among  many proposals, includes a full repeal of the death tax--a full,  permanent repeal of the death tax. This is a tax that directly impacts  many Montana farm and ranch families. In fact, I heard a story from a  Montana rancher a couple of weeks ago of his having the sudden,  unexpected passing of his mother and his father. It is a  multigenerational ranch operation in Montana that had a huge tax  liability--in the millions of dollars--that it had to pay to the IRS  because of the death tax.   I have been calling for a repeal of the death tax since I first came  to Washington, DC--one of the most immoral taxes on the books--because  I understand how these taxes can cause family farms and family ranches  to break up and to be sold off.   The bottom line is this. You cannot feed a nation without farmers and  [[Page S2669]]  ranchers, and you cannot have opportunity economies without actual  opportunities to meet the needs of not only our State, of not only our  Nation but of the world.   As the U.S. Congress and the Trump administration continue to work  together, I am excited to see that ag is a priority. I look forward to  working with my colleagues in the U.S. Senate, as well as in the Trump  administration, to advance policies and solutions to the barriers that  our Nation's ag producers face, and I really look forward to the  upcoming Montana Ag Summit in Great Falls later this month.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   