 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Huizenga for yielding  me time.   A little bit of history: this piece of legislation, the underlying  idea, actually was fostered a few years ago. One of my closest friends  in Arizona, Lakshmi, is freaky smart, electrical engineer, off the  charts IQ. He and I were having a conversation about a company that he  was really interested in that had been started by a handful of his old  friends.   Well, it turns out his old friends had gone through all this process,  and he had just sort of been watching what they were doing.   Now, Lakshmi is an absolute expert on the technology that these  gentlemen are putting together, but because of a series of timing and  other things, he was walled off from investing in a company that was  using a technology he was an absolute expert in, because he didn't meet  the accredited investor standards. He didn't have the million dollars  in the bank.   His argument to me was, should his knowledge on a company and its  product, their risk profile, its opportunity to succeed and its  potential failure in the marketplace be based on his bank account, or  should it be based on his knowledge?   Now, the legislation has gone through a couple generations of  compromise. I personally preferred the original bill, a bit more  expansive, but this is a good thing, because for our brothers and  sisters on both sides of the aisle here, I think we are embracing this  concept that we all care about the curve where we are seeing the  wealthy getting wealthier in the United States and much of our  hardworking middle holding sort of flat.   This is one of the reasons: we have created these definitions where  accredited investors, I think only, like, 600-some-thousand people,  have gone through the process to hold that designation in our society,  meaning it is a tiny sliver of our society that is allowed to invest in  these types of businesses.   We have a bureaucracy that for how many years now the regulator has  said: Your ability to invest in these types of organizations is based  on your bank account.   Today, we take the sort of first step on a bipartisan basis to say:  Yes, bank account is one, but how about your risk tolerance, your  knowledge, your expertise, and your understanding that many of these  fail, and many of these businesses become amazing successes, but are  you able to process both the technology, the risk, and the information?   For many of us, we are hoping that the opportunity to be part of the  investor class starts to become much more egalitarian across our  society instead of just being the hallmark of the ultrawealthy in our  country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Huizenga for giving me a moment and for  moving this bill forward.   