 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill.  I want to first start by commending the chairman of the full committee  and the former chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Frelinghuysen, for his  unwavering commitment to the men and women in uniform, and also for  bringing this great bill forward.   I also want to recognize the good work and leadership of the new  subcommittee chairwoman, that titanium Texan, Ms. Granger.   Mr. Speaker, I have to also mention the ranking members, Mrs. Lowey  and Mr. Visclosky, because this, frankly, is a partnership in allowing  this bill to come forward.   Mr. Speaker, with this bill, Congress fulfills what I believe is an  essential part of what we are here to do and what government's  essential role is--to provide for the common defense.   This bill is essential for the men and women who serve our Nation  with distinction in the military.   This bill funds a 2.1 percent pay raise for the military, something  that they so deserve.   It also targets resources for the health care for our servicemembers  and their family members.   Throughout the year--and you have already heard it--we have heard  testimony time and time again from our service chiefs about the  necessity to address our military's alarming readiness shortfalls. This  bill, Mr. Speaker, addresses the readiness problems that are making it  more and more difficult for our troops. We devote resources to prepare  our troops both for combat and peacetime missions, including flight  time and training, to ensure that we maintain our military superiority.   Lastly, this bill provides the necessary essential equipment, weapon  systems, and platforms needed to  [[Page H1939]]  maintain and sustain our essential military superiority, whether it is  in the air, in the sea, or on the ground.   Mr. Speaker, I would just end with what I mentioned before: I believe  the principal job of the Federal Government is to defend and protect  our country. The Defense Appropriations bill before us does just that,  and it deserves all of our support.   