 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Tonight, millions of Americans, including myself, will tune in to the  College Football Playoff National Championship between the University  of Alabama and Clemson University. As with any college or professional  competition, both teams will have healthcare practitioners traveling  with them to the game.   Unfortunately, many States do not provide legal protection for sports  medicine practitioners who travel with these athletes since they are  not licensed to practice medicine in the secondary State. The Sports  Medicine Licensure Clarity Act, which I introduced with Mr. Richmond of  Louisiana, would ensure that sports medicine professionals can provide  high-quality and timely health care to athletes without having to worry  about potential liability when traveling across State lines with their  teams.   The nature of sports medicine professionals' jobs require them to  frequently travel between States so that athletes can receive proper  care the moment they are injured. However, providers are at great  personal and professional risk because medical liability insurance does  not cover costs for lawsuits related to care provided in States in  which they are not licensed. It is not a reasonable solution to require  practitioners to become licensed in every State where their teams will  play during a given season.    This came to my attention, and I talked to a friend of mine who is an  emergency room physician in Auburn, Alabama. He travels with Auburn  University. At the time, a few years ago, they were playing in what was  then the BCS game. So here is a friend of mine, a physician, traveling  with Auburn to the Rose Bowl in California. Fortunately, it didn't  happen, but what if he had to take care of Cam Newton, who was the  quarterback at the time? First of all, the players want physicians that  know them taking care of them, but think of the liability because he  was in California when he is licensed to practice in Alabama and if  something had gone wrong to as valuable an athlete as Cam Newton.   It is important that we do this. It is just pure common sense. It is  very bipartisan. My friend Mr. Richmond and I have worked on this  together.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense,  bipartisan bill to provide clarity for sports professionals performing  their duties when caring for athletes. We passed this bill quickly last  session. We are going to do it quickly again this Congress and give  time for the other body to address this.   I would personally like to thank my longtime legislative director,  who just took another job. She worked tirelessly on this. As simple and  as commonsense as this bill is, there are a lot of details when you are  trying to define details about going across jurisdictions and State  lines. I wish Megan Jackson well in her new endeavor.   I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.   