 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Gaetz) for leading this Special Order tonight, and I am grateful for  his work on this very important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I will tell you that I am very appreciative of my  colleagues who also continue to work on this very important task,  because this reminds me of playing a basketball game where you get  there and there is a five-on-five game, except for it is not really  five-on-five because the other team has got the referees on their side,  they have got the scorekeeper on their side, they have got the  statistics on their side, they have got the person that runs the clock  on their side.   That is really what has happened here. We know that is what has  happened here because of the conflict of interest and bias that has  taken over and controls the Robert Mueller special investigations team.  That is a team that is biased. He has got conflict of interest. Nobody  is going to get a fair shake from that team.   Why is that?   Well, let's just think about this. A couple of weeks ago, we had the  FBI--excuse me--Attorney General Jeff Sessions come in. He is a great  guy. I asked him specifically: Do you have any procedure to vet  conflict of interest or bias on Mueller's special team or in the  Department of Justice?   He said: No, we don't. We don't have that.   He doesn't have a question there. He doesn't have a process. He says:  It is up to each individual to determine if they have got that conflict  of interest or bias.   Well, we had Director Wray in last week. I asked him the same  question. He said basically the same thing: No, we don't have a  process.   Mueller doesn't have a process. In fact, it is as if the process is  you need to have a conflict or bias in order to get on Mueller's  special counsel team. That is what this is stacked up to be.   Well, that is where we are today. And tomorrow, when Deputy  Rosenstein comes in, I am looking forward to asking him the same  questions because there is conflict and there is bias. My colleagues  have all iterated that tonight. It just happens over and over and over  again. To get on that team, you have to have a conflict or bias.   Well, so what else is important? What else has come out of these  hearings?   Well, I tell you what else has come out. I said to Director Wray:  Look, we know there is a problem here. Attorney General Sessions told  us that the responsibility of the person involved is to make sure they  don't have a conflict. We know that there is a huge cloud that sits  right there.   Well, this is outrageous. No firm in the private sector would ever  allow that to go on. But here we have this--it is like a drip, drip,  drip from a faucet. Every day or two, here is another conflict of  interest that comes out. Maybe Mr. Strzok, maybe Mr. Ohr, maybe Mr.  Ohr's wife, maybe Mr. Weissmann, maybe Mr. Zebley, maybe Mr. Cooper,  maybe Jeannie Rhee. It just goes on and on.   You know what? This is ridiculous. So I asked Director Wray: Look,  you have got the inspector general looking at the Hillary Clinton  investigation right now and all these other investigations. What will  you do if he says there was irregularities in the Hillary Clinton  investigation?    He said: I would try to ``unring the bell.''   Think about that. He says he is willing to unring the bell. I asked  him what he meant. So he talked about personnel decisions. Maybe  someone needs to be let go, disciplined, retrained, whatever. Maybe  they will come up with a process to vet conflicts of interest and bias  investigations.   But I pressed him a little bit harder. I asked him: When you get to  unring the bell, if you have irregularities in the Hillary Clinton  investigation, will you commit to reopen the investigation?   Now, he didn't commit, but he indicated very strongly he would reopen  that Hillary Clinton investigation.   That is what needs to happen now. We know that there were  irregularities. We know that that is what the inspector general is  going to find. And I tell you this: We have got to stop making this  administration play a stacked team when the other team has nothing but  biased and conflicted investigators who control the clock, who control  the score, who control the statistics, who control the referees. That  is what you have going on here, and it must stop, and it must stop now.   With that in mind, if Attorney General Sessions, if Director Wray,  and if Mr. Rosenstein do not provide the information Congress has  asked, they should be held in contempt.   