 Mr. President, I have sought recognition to speak in  support of Secretary Elaine Chao to be the Secretary of Transportation.   It would be hard to come up with a more qualified nominee than  Secretary Chao for this important role. In addition to serving for 8  years as the U.S. Secretary of Labor, Secretary Chao has also served as  the Deputy Secretary of the Department that she has now been tapped to  lead. Her extensive experience also includes the United Way of America,  the Peace Corps, and the Federal Maritime Commission.   The Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, which I am  honored to chair, held a hearing on Secretary Chao's nomination on  January 11 of this year. To no one's surprise, she demonstrated her  experience, her thoughtfulness, and her commitment to working  collaboratively with Congress on the challenges facing our  transportation system.   Last week, the Commerce Committee acted by voice vote to report her  nomination favorably to the floor, and I am hopeful that the Senate  will confirm her overwhelmingly today.   The agency Secretary Chao has been nominated to lead plays a vital  role in facilitating and promoting the safe and efficient movement of  goods and people throughout the country and around the world.   Our economy is truly dependent upon a thriving transportation sector.  Without a robust and efficient transportation sector, rural States like  mine would be unable to get their goods to the market.   Increasing the capacity and the efficiency of our Nation's highways,  rail lines, pipelines, and ports is crucial and will have to be a top  priority for the next Secretary of Transportation.   A continued focus on safety must also be a top priority for the next  Secretary. While our Nation's pipelines, railroads, airways, and  highways have a strong record of safety, improvements can and should be  made. Many of the strong safety improvements the Commerce Committee  advanced as part of the FAST Act and the PIPES Act last Congress are  yet to be implemented, and we will expect our next Secretary of  Transportation to work with us to ensure speedy implementation.   We will also have the opportunity to collaborate on safety  improvements when we revisit the authorization of the Federal Aviation  Administration later this year. The next Secretary of Transportation  will also have a unique opportunity to show Federal leadership in the  advancement of transportation innovation. V2V technology, autonomous  vehicles, and unmanned aircraft systems, to name a few, have great  promise to promote safety, improve efficiency, and spur economic growth  in this country.  [[Page S502]]    Secretary Chao will have a momentous opportunity to transform  America's transportation network by promoting safety and innovation,  growing our Nation's freight network, advancing needed improvements to  our infrastructure, and ensuring that all users--both rural and urban-- benefit equally.   Secretary Chao has consistently proved her willingness to roll up her  sleeves and address the challenges facing our Nation. That is why I  look forward to her confirmation as the next Secretary of  Transportation, and I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.   I see my colleague from Florida, the distinguished ranking member on  our committee, Senator Nelson, is here. He also participated, as did  members on both sides. Frankly, I think every member of our committee,  both Republicans and Democrats, had an opportunity to ask questions of  Secretary Chao when she was in front of our committee.   As I said before, she has been carefully vetted, thoroughly vetted  through so many different positions that she has held throughout  previous administrations.   I certainly welcome the opportunity to work with her, as I know my  colleague from Florida does, in meeting the transportation challenges  that our Nation has as we move into the future.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, with respect to the pending Chao  nomination, we yield back the remainder of our time so that we can  proceed to the vote.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every year around this time, House and  Senate Republicans get together for a joint conference to share ideas  and develop our action plan for the year. Last week, we gathered in  Philadelphia for this year's conference, and we had a very productive  session. All of us came back energized and ready to achieve big things  for the American people.   In November, the American people elected Republican majorities in the  House and Senate and a Republican President. That was a tremendous show  of trust, and Republicans know it. We are committed to living up to  that trust by delivering on the promises we have made.   The last few years have been tough for American workers. Job creation  has been sluggish. Wages have been stagnant. Economic growth has lagged  far behind the pace of other recoveries, and opportunities for workers  have been few and far between. It is no surprise that so many hard- working Americans feel as if they have been left behind. For millions  of American workers discouraged over the past 8 years, I want to say  this: We hear you. Republicans hear you, and we are going to act.   Republicans have outlined an agenda focused on growing our economy,  creating jobs, increasing wages, and lifting the burdens that the Obama  administration has placed on the American people.   One big issue that we will tackle this year is repealing and  replacing ObamaCare. Seven years ago, ObamaCare was sold to the  American people with a lot of promises. The law was going to reduce  premiums for families. It was going to fix problems with our health  care system without hurting anyone who was happy with their health  coverage. If you like your health plan, you will be able to keep it,  people were told. If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep  your doctor, people were told. Well, as everyone knows, every one of  these promises was broken.   Premiums for families continue to rise. Millions of Americans lost  the coverage that they liked. Americans regularly discovered they  couldn't keep their doctors, and their choice of replacement was often  limited. These broken promises were just the tip of the iceberg. The  law hasn't just failed to live up to its promises; it is actively  collapsing, and the status quo is unsustainable. Premiums on the  exchanges are soaring. Deductibles regularly run into the thousands of  dollars. In fact, for 2017, the average deductible for a bronze level  ObamaCare plan is rising from $5,731 to $6,092. With deductibles like  that, it is no wonder that some Americans can't actually afford to use  their ObamaCare insurance.   The problems on the exchanges are not limited to soaring costs.  Insurers are pulling out of the exchanges right and left, and health  care choices are rapidly dwindling. Narrow provider networks are the  order of the day. One-third of American counties have just one choice  of health insurer on the exchange. One-third of American counties have  one option--one option. Tell me that is not a monopoly. This is not the  health care reform that the American people were looking for.   Republicans are committed to replacing ObamaCare with real health  care reform that focuses on personalized patient-centered health care.  One massive problem with ObamaCare is that it puts Washington in charge  of health care decisions that should be made at a much lower level. Any  ObamaCare reform that Republicans pass will focus on fixing this. We  are going to move control from Washington and give it back to States  and individuals. Health care issues don't have one-size-fits-all  solutions. It is time to stop acting as if they do. States should have  power to innovate and embrace health care solutions that work for the  individual employers in their State, and individuals should be able to  make health care decisions in consultation with their doctors, not  Washington, DC.   Another thing we are going to focus on is breaking down the ObamaCare  barriers that have artificially restricted choice. As I said earlier,  ObamaCare has defaulted to a one-size-fits-all solution when it comes  to health care. That means many Americans have found themselves paying  for health care that they don't need and don't want. We need much more  flexibility in insurance plans. A thriving health care system would  offer a wide variety of choices that would allow Americans to pick a  plan that is tailored to their specific needs. We also need to give  Americans tools to better manage their health care and to control  costs. Of course, any reform plan  [[Page S512]]  has to make sure that employers have the tools they need to provide  employees with affordable health care coverage.   Mr. President, another priority of the Republican-led Congress will  be regulatory reform. While some government regulations are necessary,  every administration has to remember that regulations have  consequences. The more resources individuals and businesses spend  complying with regulations, the less they have available to focus on  the growth and innovation that drive our economy and create new  opportunities for American workers.   Unfortunately, the Obama administration chose to spend the last 8  years loading employers with burdensome regulations. According to the  American Action Forum, the Obama administration was responsible for  implementing more than 675 major regulations that cost the American  economy more than $800 billion. Given those numbers, it is no surprise  that the Obama economy left businesses with fewer resources to dedicate  to growing and creating jobs. Repealing burdensome regulations is one  of the most important things we can do to get our economy healthy  again. That is going to be a Republican priority.   Mr. President, another big thing we can do to make America  competitive again is to reform our outdated Tax Code. That will also be  a Republican priority this year.   Right now, the Congressional Budget Office is projecting that our  economy will grow by an average of just 2 percent over the next 10  years. If we can increase that growth by just 1 percent, we would see  average incomes rise by $4,200. Just get the growth rate from an  average of 2 percent, which is what the CBO is projecting for the next  10 years, to 3 percent, and incomes go up by $4,200. We would see an  additional 1.2 million jobs created in our economy, and we would see  much faster increases in the standard of living.   So many younger Americans today are finding that they are not able to  enjoy the same standard of living that was enjoyed by their parents  because of a sluggish economy that is growing in that 1-percent to 2- percent range. One of the ways to achieve that kind of growth, to get  back to a 3- to 4-percent growth in our economy, is to reform our  broken Tax Code.   The current Tax Code is costly, complex, and frequently unfair. Some  corporations benefit from special rules, deductions, and credits, while  others are forced to pay the highest corporate tax rates in the  developed world. More and more American companies are focusing their  business operations overseas because the tax situation is so much  better abroad. That means American jobs are going overseas with them.  Instead of pushing employees out of the country, we should bring our  Nation's tax rates in line with those of other countries to keep more  jobs here in the United States.   We should make our whole Tax Code flatter, fairer, and less complex.  Our Tax Code should work for all taxpayers, not just a privileged few.  A simpler, flatter, and fairer Tax Code will make U.S. businesses more  competitive in the global economy, and it will help businesses create  new good-paying jobs for American workers. It will jump-start our  economy and ensure long-term economic growth.   Finally, Mr. President, Republicans in the Senate have another  important trust to uphold this year, and that is confirming a new  Supreme Court Justice. We are committed to confirming a well-qualified  nominee with the right temperament to sit on the Court and have the  proper understanding of the role of the Court in our country. Supreme  Court Justices are umpires. They call balls and strikes; they don't  write the rules of the game. The job of a Supreme Court Justice is to  interpret the law and the Constitution, not rewrite the law based on  his or her personal opinions.   Democrats have spent a lot of time talking about the need for nine  Justices on the Supreme Court. Republicans trust that they will follow  through on their statements by working with us to confirm the  President's nominee.   To every American who voted for change in November, to every American  frustrated with the sluggish economy and a lack of opportunity, I want  to say again that we hear you. The Republicans hear you. We are not  going to let you down. We will spend the 115th Congress fighting for  your priorities, and we will not rest until every American has access  to a future of security, hope, and opportunity.   I yield the floor.   