 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the ranking member  of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, Mr. Walz, for allowing me to speak  in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act.   I rise today in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act, introduced by  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Yoho), my colleague, which would allow  veterans to grant designated congressional office staff read-only  access to their claim records within the VBA, Veterans Benefits  Administration.   Mr. Speaker, there are no Veterans Benefits Administration personnel  in the Northern Marianas. The veterans in my district have no one to  meet with, but for the very occasional, usually one 6-hour visit to the  Marianas from a VBA staff based in Guam or Hawaii. It usually comes  once every 6 months if we are lucky.   Staffs' request for information on behalf of veterans sometimes takes  months to receive a reply. This bipartisan bill would eliminate the  delay by enabling permitted staff to obtain the information directly  from VBA databases. This would be especially meaningful to veterans in  my district who face additional challenges for disability claims due to  the lack of VA presence.    Mr. Speaker, I represent three islands. I work with Social Security  and Selective Service, of course, like other Members. For Social  Security, we are  [[Page H1108]]  allowed to go and take data information, application forms, bring them  to the main island of Saipan, where we go in line like everyone else  and submit the applications on behalf of those constituents we serve.   So having separate islands and having a post office in one island and  no post office in another island is a little complicated and difficult.  Can you just imagine for the veteran who needs access to his VBA  records or who needs access to his Veterans Health Administration file?  Because we only have one in the Northern Marianas. This one really  would allow us to serve the veterans who deserve nothing else but the  best.   Our veterans responded to our call to serve and defend this country  without hesitation. We must, in return, do everything we can to serve  them in the same manner.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   