 Mr. President, I want to thank all my colleagues who have  spoken today. I really want to thank Senator Durbin, who has been a  friend and a mentor of mine since I came to the Senate almost exactly 4  years ago. I thank him for his leadership right now--really leading us  on both sides of the aisle, as a central focal point for the Dreamers-- and for his words. I thank him for his leadership today and throughout  this effort, making sure we don't leave for the holidays, leaving  thousands of children in our country who know no other country--young  adults--in a purgatory where they are anxiously waiting to see if this  body will act.   This is a time where we have seen incredible activism. I cannot tell  you how many times I have been stopped by Dreamers who drove for over  24 hours--drove across this country to come to the Capitol to make  their case known. They love this country. They serve this country. They  only know this country. They were here before they could even speak.  They and their fellow American allies have been struggling and toiling  and fighting for recognition. It reminds me of generations of Americans  in the past who were fighting and toiling and struggling for  recognition as citizens when citizenship was denied them.   I know stories from my own family, African Americans, who, literally,  like many of these Dreamers--900 of these Dreamers--have served in the  military. I know these stories from my family--people who served in  war, served in World War II, served in Korea, like my father, and came  back to a country that did not recognize their citizenship rights.   Women, Jews, Irish--so much of the story of America is Americans  struggling and toiling and fighting, often coming to the Capital of the  United States of America, fighting for recognition of their citizenship  rights. They are patriots.   The young people I have encountered in my home State and the young  people I have encountered here in the Capitol are patriots. Patriotism  is love of country. I am one of these folks who believe that love of  country is better seen than heard. I am telling you right now, the  Dreamers I have encountered, their service, their sacrifice, their  contributions to this country should resonate.   We know the data. Billions of dollars of our economy is being fueled  by Dreamers who are here serving in every imaginable capacity--there  for their neighbors, there for their community, there for other  children, there for America.   I sat across from Dreamers in New Jersey who now, because of the  inaction here in Washington, because of the uncertainty, these folks-- for whom we have collectively contributed to their education,  contributed to their success, and are enjoying the fruits of their  success--are now suddenly withdrawing from schools. They are feeling  nervous that they are going to be ripped away from family members-- younger siblings who are already recognized citizens--as they fight for  their citizenship rights. I have seen the pain. I have seen the  anxiety. I have shared the tears as they continue this fight, hoping  this body will act.   There are folks like Liz. She is a Dreamer from Ridgefield, NJ. She  literally created a startup business that employs over 800 people. She  is a job creator, an entrepreneur, an innovator whom people rely on for  their jobs, and we are going to turn around and say to Liz: You have to  leave the United States of America, the only country you know.   What about people like Jesus Contreras? He was the paramedic from  Houston who worked for 6 straight days, pulling all-nighter after all- nighter after Hurricane Harvey hit. Here is a guy who, when we faced a  crisis and people's lives were on the line, stepped up. That is  patriotism. That is love of country. You can't love your country unless  you love your country men and women. The way you show you love your  country men and women isn't just through the songs you sing and the  pledges you make, it is the actions you take. In a crisis, he was there  reaching out to American hands with his hand that is worthy.    Dreamers have been a gift to this Nation. They are hard-working  patriots deserving of our respect. They come from a long tradition of  people who have served this country, fought for this country, struggled  for this country, who battled for respect from this country. They look  up and say: I, too, am an American. Don't judge me by a piece of paper  that says so. Look at my deeds. Look at my actions. Look at my life.   This, our wealth; this, our natural resource; the genius created in  the image of God; we are going to cast these folks out of our Nation,  and for what?   I believe that the opposite of justice is not injustice; it is  inaction. It is indifference. It is apathy. This body has not acted. It  has not shown a level of compassion to patriots. It has rewarded the  service of these Dreamers and the sacrifice of these Dreamers with  nothing but silence and inaction.   As other days before it, today I am glad that I stand with colleagues  who will not be silent. This tradition in our country of solid  citizens, of patriots who fought, who loved, who contributed to this  country, this tradition that runs deep in my family, that runs deep in  the families of so many here--when they were told they were not  citizens, did not have equal rights--from suffragettes to civil rights  activists--this body finally got it right and finally responded.   This is the dream of America. These young people are called Dreamers.  This is the dream of America.   There was a man who talked about being denied his citizenship rights  and who wrote a powerful poem that is as appropriate today as it was  when he wrote it. His name is Langston Hughes. As these Dreamers  struggle to be recognized for what they are--citizens of this country-- as they put forth a dream that is no more precious or no more worthy  than the dreams of my family, of your family, may the words of Langston  Hughes speak to our spirits and our souls and motivate us. Langston  said:       There is a dream in the land      With its back against the wall      By muddled names and strange      Sometimes the dream is called.       There are those who claim      This dream for theirs alone--      A sin for which we know      They must atone.       Unless shared in common      Like sunlight and like air,      The dream will die for lack      Of substance anywhere.       The dream knows no frontier or tongue,      The dream, no class or race.      The dream cannot be kept secure      In any one locked place.       This dream today embattled,      With its back against the wall--      To save the dream for one      It must be saved for all.    Mr. President, I tell you this with all of my heart: I have met these  young  [[Page S7971]]  Americans. I have seen their service. I know their sacrifice. They have  worn our uniforms, from our military uniforms to the uniforms of first  responders. They have taught our children. They have benefited from our  public schools--from our kindergartens, to our eighth grades, to our  high schools, to our colleges, and to our universities. We have  invested in them, and that investment is paying dividends. They are the  American dream. They represent the best of who we are and who we aspire  to be.   They collectively, with the other young people of this Nation, are  our greatest hope for the future. If we cast them out, if we send them  into the wildernesses of lands that are strange to them, to places  where some of them don't even speak the tongue, it will be a sad day, a  tragic day for them but even more so for us.   What does it say about a nation that turns its children away for no  other reason than they came here when they were 2 or 3 and weren't born  here? We are better than this. We are greater than this. Our Nation's  ideals are loftier than this.   So in the same spirit that this body was slow to move to grant full  citizenship rights to enslaved people, in the same way that this body  was slow to move to finally grant citizenship rights to every woman in  our country, and in the same spirit that this body was slow to move to  grant full citizenship rights and voting rights and civil rights to  African Americans, I hope we may summon in this generation, in a cause  that is noble, the courage to do the right thing and not be stuck in  inaction.   It is time for us to act as a body. It is time for us to recognize  the full citizenship rights of those who have proven themselves already  through the greatest actions one can do--service to another, service to  our country, service to the ideals that we have.   Mr. President, thank you.   