 Mr. Speaker, it was almost 5 years ago  that this Nation witnessed the terrible tragedy at Sandy Hook  Elementary School, where 20 first graders were murdered in their  classrooms, along with six of their teachers. Congress did nothing.   A church in Charleston, a White supremacist walked in and murdered  nine worshippers. Congress did nothing. And worse than that, Congress  didn't even address what is called the ``Charleston loophole'' that  allowed this deranged White supremacist to be able to buy a gun or  obtain a gun that he was buying without completing the background  check.   Orlando, Florida, the nightclub: 49 people murdered. Congress did  nothing.   The congressional baseball game, one of our own was shot by some  deranged murderer. Congress did nothing.   Las Vegas, just these past days, a country music festival: 59 people  murdered. The biggest mass shooting in the history of the United States  of America. Even as sad, it is the 273rd mass shooting in the United  States of America this year.   So what is Congress going to do? More of nothing? That is not  appropriate.   In the almost 5 years since Sandy Hook, we have been working on our  side of the aisle diligently to try and come up with some ideas, some  solutions to help prevent gun violence, and we have come up with some.  As a matter of fact, one of them is a bipartisan measure with a  bipartisan coauthor on my bill, Mr. Peter King from New York, and we  have four or five Republican coauthors on that bill.   Have we had a hearing?   No.   Have we had a vote?   No.   All we are trying to do with that bill is expand background checks to  make sure that criminals and the dangerously mentally ill can't buy  firearms easily; make it more difficult for these people, who we know  commit crimes with these guns, to get their hands on a gun. It is  within the confines of the Second Amendment. It just expands the  already existing background checks to include commercial sale of  firearms across the country. No hearings, no votes.   Instead, our friends on the other side of the aisle have their own  gun agenda. They want to legalize silencers. They want to remove the  restrictions on silencers. Police entities, officers, chiefs, and  sheriffs across the country have told us that this is dangerous. It  puts the people that we represent at risk, but that is their gun  agenda.   If you don't like the ideas that we have brought forward, please  bring something forward, other than deregulating silencers, that will  help with this epidemic that we are facing in our country.   Thirty people a day are killed by someone using a gun.   What are your ideas?   Nothing. Silence.   The only thing we have heard now is we hear from your leadership that  we are not going to discuss policy in regard to gun violence  prevention.   Well, that is why we came to Congress. That is why every one of us  ran for Congress, to work on policy. That is why our constituents sent  us to Congress, to vote on policy.   But on the heels of 59 people being murdered the day before  yesterday, what are we told?   That we are not going to do policy on gun violence prevention.   That is not responsible.   The bill that my friend, Mr. McGovern, talked about, my bill that he  is a coauthor on, would establish a Select Committee, Democrats and  Republicans, to sit down at the same table and try and find some  solutions to help prevent gun violence, and then move that to the House  for consideration. That is all we want.   We want these issues to be heard. We want to be able to do our job.  Our constituents want a vote on these issues that are important to the  safety of every single person in the United States of America.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that we defeat the previous question.   