 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5  minutes.    Mr. Chairman, everyone here appreciates concerns about  the ways of discrimination. The question is how to collect the data in  an efficient way, and the new EEOC-1 form is certainly not the way to  collect that data.   What do I mean by that, Mr. Chairman?   You have to compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges. It is  not like we don't collect data already. We have 140 different data  points on the EEOC-1 form. This would increase the number of data  points to 3,306 that an employer potentially would have to report.   Mr. Chairman, if we had better data, that is all right, but let's  take a specific example: a large hospital. The new form groups all  professionals together. A hospital would have to report what it pays  its professionals in the same category, what it pays its female  professionals and its male professionals. But, Mr. Chairman, it  includes nurses and surgeons in the same category. They are all  professionals. In fact, in the United States, for instance, among  registered nurses, we have about 3 million--89 percent--are females.   Now, in the United States, we have an estimated number of physicians  and surgeons of about 900,000; 65 percent are males, only 35 percent  females. They are all grouped in the same category for the EEOC-1 form.   So what would the result be? If you were in a hospital and you had  nurses and you had employee surgeons, it would look like you were  discriminating against women because the nurses get paid less, and your  average salary is going to be less for your women because you have  grouped surgeons in with nurses. Only a Federal Government bureaucrat  could come up with an idea like that in order to gauge whether wage  discrimination occurs.   The fact of the matter is it is even worse, Mr. Chairman, because,  based on the reporting of these results, EEOC can go on a fishing  expedition against  [[Page H7265]]  whatever institution it wants to that files this. And if we don't think  that happens, Mr. Chairman, I am just going to say two words: Lois  Lerner.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Culberson), the chairman of the subcommittee, and I want to thank the  chairman for attaching this section to the bill. It is an important  section for our employers.    Mr. Chairman, I just say that it is absolutely true if we  were looking at similar work, but the bill does not look at similar  work. It looks at huge categories like, for instance, professionals in  a hospital that include neurosurgeons and nurses. It is not similar  work.   This is the worst kind of data gathering you can have by the Federal  Government because, again, they use this to go after employers that  they want to go after.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from New York for his  remarks. No one is naive enough to think that discrimination doesn't  exist.   The question is: What tools should the Federal Government use?   And this certainly is not the tool that is helpful.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I agree with the gentleman. Pay disparities  exist, but we need a precise tool. If we are going to give the Federal  Government a tool with which to investigate and punish employers, it  should be a surgical tool. This is not a surgical tool. This is an  imprecise tool.   The EEOC, again, Mr. Chairman, has 3,360 data points. It groups high- wage professionals with low-wage professionals, and has nothing to do  with discrimination. It is an imprecise tool. We should retain the  language in the bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Costello of Pennsylvania). The question is on  the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott).   The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes  appeared to have it.   