 Mr. President, there is probably nobody in the Senate I  admire more than the Senator from Wyoming, except maybe his colleague,  Mike Enzi, who is also from Wyoming.   I come to the floor not to talk about these issues but to talk about  others. I feel compelled to respond to some of what he said.   There's no need for Senator Barrasso to remain. So don't feel as  though you have to, but thank you just the same.   Mr. President, a little background: As the Presiding Officer knows,  having spent some time in the military--'06, the Marine Corps; the Navy  salutes the Marine Corps. I am a retired Navy captain, three tours in  Southeast Asia in the Vietnam war. I served as a P-3 aircraft mission  commander right at the end of the Cold War. The month I stepped down as  a Navy captain, I led a congressional delegation back into Vietnam. Six  of us--Democrats, Republicans--went at the behest of former President  George Herbert Walker Bush's administration to find out what happened  to thousands of MIAs to see if we could get information about them and  to provide that information to their families for closure. That was the  beginning of an effort in the House, mirrored by the one over here led  by John McCain and John Kerry, to move us toward normalized relations  to see if the Vietnamese would cooperate with us in providing  information that we wanted and the families wanted and deserve.   In fact, a year ago, I learned, along with President Obama, that we  are there to kind of close the circle on our relationship with Vietnam,  which has changed a lot over the last 30 years. Interestingly enough,  we are Vietnam's best trading partner, and they are a very good trading  partner to us.   When we were there, they announced they were going to buy something  like $10, $12, $14 billion worth of our aircraft--not fighter aircraft,  not military aircraft, but civilian aircraft from, I believe, Boeing.   I learned about some polling data. They had taken two polls, two  surveys of the Vietnamese people early last year, and the question  asked of Vietnamese people was: How do you feel about other countries,  the people from other countries? How do you feel about the Chinese, the  Russians, Filipinos, Malaysians, Indians, Pakistanis, Americans, and  others? How do you feel about them? In one survey, 85 percent of the  Vietnamese people said they had favorable opinions toward America and  Americans--85 percent, the highest of any other nation surveyed.  Another survey said: No, no, 95 percent of Vietnamese have favorable  opinions of the United States, which is higher than their opinions of  any other nation.   The reason I mention Vietnam--they were a bitter enemy of this  country. The names of 55,000 men and women with whom I served in  Southeast Asia are on a wall just down 2 miles from here, down by the  Lincoln Memorial. While we were bitter enemies, we resolved those  differences in the 1990s.  [[Page S2574]]  We are now close trading partners. We don't agree with them on every  single thing, but they like us a lot. We have much more of a  relationship than we have ever had in the past, and it is a much better  economic relationship than we have ever had in the past.   The reason I mention Vietnam is that there are some corollaries here  with Iran. In 1978, that was when some will recall--the pages are too  young to remember this. But in 1978, Iranians, led by their religious  leader, captured, took control of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. They held  our folks for a year or two as part of their cultural revolution or  religious revolution.   When they did that, do you know what we did? We seized a lot of their  assets in this country, in other countries as best we could. And that  was not just a couple of dollars, not just a couple million dollars; it  was hundreds of millions of dollars, and, man, maybe even more. Maybe  it was even billions of dollars.   We held those assets, and we kept the Iranians from reclaiming those  assets for, gosh, over 30 years--maybe close to 40 years. They have  litigated in court. They say that they feel they should have access to  what is theirs, what was theirs.   We are told by lawyers--I am not a lawyer--but we are told by some  pretty smart lawyers on our side and others that they had a very good  chance of getting all that and more in court if we didn't settle.   What we did, at the end of the day, when the Iranians agreed to the  Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action agreement, which was reached with  not just the United States but with the Germans, the French, the Brits,  the Chinese, and the Russians--the idea was to make sure that Iran  didn't have a quick path, a fast track to continuing their development  of nuclear weapons. They were clearly wanting to do it, and we wanted  them not to do that.   So we ended up negotiating this agreement. Part of the agreement was  to settle these claims from almost 40 years ago, financial claims,  valuable assets that we basically seized and refused to return.   It turns out, we have to mention how highly the Vietnamese people  think of us today. As it turns out, Vietnam is a very young country,  very young. So is Iran.   Iran has about 80 million people. In Iran, the majority of the people  are under the age of 25. They like this country a lot, but they have  people over there who are more in line with the old regime, who don't  like us. The Revolutionary Guard, some of the military leadership--they  don't like us.   They have newly elected leadership from 4 years ago, President  Rouhani, Foreign Minister Zarif, and others who, frankly, want to be  able to work with us, if they can. They are willing to agree to what I  think is a very harsh agreement to ensure that they don't move forward  on developing weapons and developing nuclear weapons. If they do, then  we are going to impose these really stringent sanctions on them, shut  down their economy--double-digit rates of inflation, economy in the  tank. Finally, they said: OK, uncle. We will agree to this agreement.   Since then, the Iranians have done what the Vietnamese did a year  ago; they have a more abundant civilian air fleet. Their civilian  aircraft are old, decrepit, and they need new ones. They are doing what  the Vietnamese have already done: buying a lot of American-made  aircraft, passenger aircraft by Boeing. We are not talking about just a  couple billion dollars' worth but certainly more than $10 billion  worth.   I think they have already taken orders on one and have made one of  the very first ones, and there is more to come. I think they are also  going to buy a bunch of airbuses. I think more than half of the  airbuses have components made in America, and that is another boost to  our economy.   I don't remember who said it, but a Chinese military leader once  said: The greatest victory of all is the one that we win without firing  a shot. That is what he said: The greatest victory of all is the one we  win without firing a shot.   Well, for a Navy guy who has seen some time in a combat area and the  Presiding Officer, who knows a little bit about this stuff as well--I  think he probably agrees with me that if you can win one without  shooting anybody or getting anybody killed, I think that is worth  doing.   The other thing I would say is, that doesn't mean we just trust Iran  that they are going to do what they said they are going to do in the  deal. There is an agency--I think it is called the International Atomic  Energy Agency. They are all over them in terms of monitoring the deal  and making sure that what the Iranians agreed to do, they actually do.  What is it, trust but verify? That is really what the Iranian deal is  all about: trust but verify. We will see how it all works out.   Color me hopeful. A lot of times when we vote on stuff, we vote our  hopes as opposed to our fears. Sometimes we vote our fears, as opposed  to our hopes. On the Iran deal, I voted my hopes. We will see how it  goes, and I am hopeful.   