 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I have spoken a lot in recent years about  how Arizona is quickly becoming one of our country's major tech hubs.  From entrepreneurial startups to major technology companies, Arizona is  supporting innovation like never before. In fact, it was just announced  that Waymo, Google's self-driving car project, will be launching its  first public trials of self-driving vehicles in the greater Phoenix  area.   But, today, the biggest news in tech isn't coming from publicly  traded Silicon Valley companies. No, today, the talk of the tech world  is the students from my alma mater, Snowflake Junior High School. That  is because these students from my small hometown of Snowflake, AZ, just  won the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow contest.   This national contest tasks students from across the country with  creating a solution to improve their local communities by using STEAM  skills--Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math.   The winning project from Mr. Eilertsen's students is something  special. Snowflake students designed and constructed a low-cost animal  detection system to prevent fatalities from vehicle collisions with  wild animals. They were motivated by the fact that an estimated 200  people lose their lives each year in these collisions, which can be  common around rural communities like Snowflake.   The winning design consists of a 10-inch, weather-resistant motion  sensor that blinks to warn drivers when a large animal is near. These  durable, affordable sensors can be placed atop existing fence posts  like the thousands that line roads all over rural Arizona.   I had the opportunity to meet with these very bright students--2 of  them from a class of, I believe, 23--and those 2 are in the Gallery  today, along with their teacher Mr. Eilertsen. I had the opportunity to  meet with them yesterday in my office and to hear all about this  winning project. Let me tell my colleagues that they blew me away with  their creativity, their knowledge, and, most of all, their desire to  use the STEAM discipline to save lives.   Think about how remarkable this project is. Here is a device that can  actually save hundreds of lives and prevent harm to wildlife and to  livestock. With the grit and ingenuity of a great startup, these  students at Snowflake Junior High have shown the country that big ideas  come from small towns.   In recognition of their innovative project, the students won $150,000  in technology for their school and an additional $20,000 for having the  most popular project on social media and with the public--not bad for  some kids from Snowflake.   Before I yield the floor, I would like to thank Mr. Eilertsen for all  that he has done to inspire his students to think big and for making a  victory in this Samsung competition possible.   I would also like to thank all of the faculty and staff in Snowflake  for their tireless work as educators.   Finally, I would like to congratulate the students of Snowflake  Junior High for their victory. I am confident that your project will  save lives, and by winning this competition, you have provided your  school with educational resources that will help students for years to  come.  [[Page S2579]]    To the winning students from Snowflake Junior High School:  Congratulations. You make me proud to be a Lobo, and, as always, proud  to come from Snowflake and proud to be an Arizonan.   