 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Calvert and Chairman  Frelinghuysen for their hard work on this bill.   On November 17, 2016, the Bureau of Land Management released a final  rule titled: ``Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil  and Gas Leases; Measurement of Oil.''   Though the BLM claims that this rule would incorporate proven  industry standards developed by oil measurement experts from industry  and the BLM, it seems like the BLM ignored industry expert standards  and set their standards, regardless of industry input.   In comments filed on December 14, 2015, the Independent Petroleum  Association of America, the American Petroleum Institution, the Western  Energy Alliance, and many citizens involved in oil production detailed  serious concerns. Many of the comments centered on BLM's reluctance to  recognize its obligation to adopt properly established industry  standards.   Mr. Chairman, I believe that it is vital that agencies such as the  BLM listen to and take into account industry concerns and input when  promulgating these new rules.   My amendment would restrict funding for this rule in its current  form, and I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, another way the BLM has ignored their  obligations under the rulemaking process is by discounting the  practical difficulties for both industry and the agency associated  compliance.   Mr. Chairman, the BLM ignored their rulemaking responsibilities by  both disregarding industry input and snubbing practical timelines for  compliance.   I believe the BLM should go back, reexamine this rule, and this time  listen and get it right.   Mr. Chairman, I ask support for my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Pearce for his leadership on  this issue.   Mr. Chairman, this rule by the BLM is a classic example of agency  overregulation at its finest. Should the new regulations take effect,  lessees and operators will be forced to maintain original gas charts,  measurement tickets, calibrations, verifications, prover  [[Page H7175]]  and configuration reports, pumper and gauger field logs, volume  statements, event logs, seal records, and gas analysis.   Most of these documents have nothing to do with determining the  amount of production at a lease and will force businesses to hire more  staff just to keep records.   This will also likely result in more Federal employees to oversee the  bureaucracy. This makes zero sense and is simply creating work and  overregulation for no reason. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   