 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  legislation.   I want to thank the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee,  Mr. Walden from Hood River, Oregon, as well as the Health Subcommittee  chairman, Michael Burgess from Lewisville, Texas. I appreciate Dr.  Burgess for yielding me time on this bill that is mine, that I  presented several years ago, Mr. Speaker, that we are finally getting a  chance to support today.   I wish to express my full support for H.R. 1492, the Medical  Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017. This legislation  represents commonsense reforms that will ensure certainty and  regulatory clarity, while recognizing the needs of doctors, patients,  and law enforcement alike. I hope Members on both sides recognize the  need for not only this legislation, but will be in support.   Currently, physicians and other DEA-licensed medical practitioners  are barred from transporting controlled substances from one practice  setting to another. This is particularly strenuous on physicians who  travel for their jobs. For example, team physicians at both the college  and professional level have been particularly affected by the lack of  clarity in the current law.   Physicians who travel with teams to away games carefully practiced  transporting medicines--and they have done so for decades--in a manner  that they believed to be in compliance with DEA regulations. Recently,  however, there has been uncertainty surrounding this issue, as a number  of teams have found themselves being challenged by the Drug Enforcement  Administration.   Those physicians who had, for years, been in compliance, or felt like  they were in compliance, were unable to provide players with proper  medical care after many injuries while they were at an away game.   H.R. 1492 will allow physicians to obtain a separate mobile  registration with the DEA for the ability to transport these very  specific substances for medically relevant reasons directly related to  the care of patients between practice settings. This registration  allows for physician transport, up to 72 hours, while maintaining  updated records of transport and the administration of these controlled  substances. Such allowances would ensure that physicians whose  practices are inherently dynamic have the necessary provisions to  provide care to their patients regardless of the setting.   I would like to thank the Drug Enforcement Administration for working  with me and my office for the last 5 years on this important issue. I  would also like to thank Dr. Dan Cooper, who is the lead physician for  the Dallas Cowboys. I would like to thank the gentleman who owns the  Dallas Cowboys, Mr. Jerry Jones, for standing up on behalf of  professional teams and their players to ensure that we work together  for a commonsense answer. I want to thank the gentleman, Dr. Burgess,  for yielding me the time.   