 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am strongly supportive of adding  sanctions against Russia to the bill that is scheduled to come up this  afternoon. As I think we all know, Russia actively worked to influence  our 2016 Presidential election and continues to try to destabilize  democracies around the world, including our own, and that is  unacceptable.   At the same time, I have serious concerns about the sanctions on Iran  contained in this bill. As we have heard from former Obama  administration officials, including Secretary Kerry and Ambassador  Sherman, these measures could undermine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of  Action, the very important nuclear agreement signed in 2015 between the  United States, our P5+1 partners, and Iran. But above and beyond that,  let us be aware and cognizant that earlier today, the people of Iran  suffered a horrific terror attack in their capital, Tehran, in which 12  people were killed and many more were injured. The Islamic State has  claimed credit for this attack.   At a time when tensions are extremely high in that part of the world,  our goal must be to find ways to bring people together to reduce  tensions rather than to exacerbate this very painful and dangerous  situation. Let us also remember that the leaders of Iran immediately  expressed condolences for the September 11 attacks against the United  States and that hundreds of Iranians held a candlelight vigil.   It seems to me to be the right thing to do--on a day when Iran has  been attacked by ISIS, by terrorism, now is not the time to go forward  with legislation calling for sanctions against Iran. I would  respectfully request that we delay our vote on this bill until next  week. Let us tell the people of Iran that while we have serious  disagreements with them on a number of issues, that today, when they  are mourning, when they are dealing with the shock of a terrorist  attack, today is not the day to go forward with this piece of  legislation.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, in the U.S. Senate, it is the  Parliamentarian's office that determines whether a reconciliation bill  is in compliance with the rules of the Senate. That is not the function  of the chairman of the Budget Committee. If it were, we could save  taxpayers' money and get rid of the Parliamentarian's office, but that  is not what we should be doing.   I am extremely concerned, therefore, that the chairman of the Budget  Committee, in an apparently unprecedented manner, appears to have made  that determination himself with regard to the Trump-Ryan healthcare  bill that was passed several weeks ago in the House. As I understand  it, the Parliamentarian has made a narrow ruling with respect to the  jurisdiction of a provision in this bill that would eliminate  healthcare subsidies for low-income Native Americans.   I look forward to hearing from the Parliamentarian as soon as  possible on the broader ruling on whether the Trump-Ryan healthcare  bill is in compliance with the instructions contained in the budget  resolution requiring this bill to save at least $1 billion in the HELP  Committee and at least $1 billion within the Finance Committee.   I yield the floor.   