 Mr. President, I would just remind my colleagues that a  lot of folks in my State and people I talk to around the country  believe it is outrageous that the last President nominated a candidate  for the Supreme Court for almost a year--a full 10 months--before  stepping down before his term ended, and that nominee never got a  hearing.   We had a National Prayer Breakfast this morning, as our Presiding  Officer knows. One of the occurring themes of the speakers at the  Prayer Breakfast was the Golden Rule, the obligation to treat other  people the way we want to be treated. I think that should apply to this  nominee from this President. I also believe it should have applied to  the last nominee from the last President. I think the way Merrick  Garland was treated was outrageous, and he was roundly praised by  Democrats and Republican, Members of this body, alike. The fact that he  never got a vote I think is appalling. It runs against everything I was  taught to believe.   Perhaps the Presiding Officer's parents raised him the same way. My  parents raised us to believe that two wrongs don't make a right. Two  wrongs don't make a right. Folks on our side believe--although deeply  troubled by the way the last nominee for the last administration was  treated--this nominee deserves a hearing. My hope is that he gets one  and there is time set aside to prepare for that hearing. My hope is  that he will take the time to come and meet with us, particularly those  of us who have concerns about his nomination.   I think he should be subject to the same 60-vote margin the last  several Supreme Court nominees were subjected to and passed; I think in  one case it was 62 votes, and in another case, 63 votes.   I just want to let my friends on the other side--and they are my  friends--know that we and, frankly, a lot of people in this country are  still troubled, looking back. We are going to look forward with the  Golden Rule in mind. My hope is that our colleagues will do the same in  the future.   Mr. President, I rise on a subject that some of my colleagues have  talked about here today. It is one that we have been discussing for  almost the last 24 hours. It is a Congressional Review Act resolution  to disapprove the stream protection rule.   People may wonder, What does this mean? There once was a Senator from  Nevada named Harry Reid. He once wrote a law that said: If Congress  doesn't like a particular rule that has been approved and has gone  through the process--drafting, all the approval processes--published in  the Federal Register, and something like 60 days on the legislative  calendar have run, then that rule is official; it is in full effect.  However, if a Member of this body or the House wants to use the  Congressional Review Act authored by Senator Harry Reid, they can  repeal a rule for which the 60-day legislative clock has not run since  that rule or regulation was published in the Federal Register.   In this case, 60 legislative days have not passed since the stream  protection rule was promulgated, printed in the Federal Register, and  one or more of our colleagues has said: Let's use the CRA-- Congressional Review Act--to see if we can block or repeal it.   I spoke on this yesterday, and I am happy to have a chance to talk a  little bit about it again today.   A prevailing argument in favor of this resolution to kill the rule is  the significant negative economic implications of managing mining  operations and site reclamation in such a way that life and economy  continue along with and after extraction ends.   Let's take a few minutes to reflect on the other side of the coin. I  can assure you that hunters, fishermen, birdwatchers, and recreation  enthusiasts of all ages, sorts, and varieties in my home State of  Delaware--and I am sure in every State in our Nation--value an  environment that supports the places they treasure and the species they  seek. That is not the legacy of mining.   Because of historically weak reclamation and restoration  requirements, Appalachia now has more than a million acres of  economically unproductive grasslands that cannot support farming,  ranching, or the hardwood forest products sectors. That is one of the  reasons for and one of the many strengths of this rule: to focus on  post-mining economic uses of land, which could include ranching,  forestry, tourism, birdwatching, hunting, fishing, and the list goes  on.   In America today, there are 47 million men, women, and children who  hunt and fish. We all represent them. According to a 2014 report from  the National Wildlife Federation, these activities deliver an  astonishing $200 billion to the country's economy, and they support one  and a half million jobs.   I wish to also point out that mining impacts on headwaters are  particularly important, as they represent the very foundation of our  water system that supports all these activities and generates all of  these benefits. Just to illustrate this point, Appalachia--a region in  which I grew up--is the world's leading hotspot of aquatic  biodiversity. I was born in Beckley, WV, and we lived there for 6 years  or so after I was born and I came back a whole lot over the years to  hunt and fish with my grandfather, but I had no idea there was this  kind of biodiversity in that region.   There are more species of freshwater fish in one river system in  Tennessee than in all of Europe. Think about that--more species of  freshwater fish in one river system in Tennessee than all of Europe.  Yet surface coal mining has destroyed more than 2,000 miles of streams  in this region alone. Cutting the heart out of our ecosystems is no way  to do business.   The question is, Would mining companies respect and consider these  values and benefits as part of their operations and reclamation efforts  without surface mining and clean water laws and the effective  protections provided by the stream protection rule? I would say  probably not. It is no surprise, then, that conservation and  fishermen's organizations, such as Trout Unlimited, the American Fly  Fishing Trade Association, the Izaak Walton League of America, and  Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, so strongly support this  rule and robust implementation of the Clean Water Act. In fact, 82  percent--over 8 out of 10--of America's hunters and anglers feel that  we can protect water quality and also have a strong economy and good  jobs at the same time. It is a false choice to say we can't have both  at the same time.   The stream protection rule would protect and restore an estimated  6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of forest over two decades-- areas important for hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation.   All these activities would provide local citizens and communities  with economic opportunity to replace or build upon what often are one- industry regions. They, in turn, support local economies and create  accessible work opportunities for residents, many of whom would  otherwise struggle to make ends meet, care for their health, and  support their families. In the end, this is a much more valuable and  sustainable future for everybody concerned.   These truths hold in their unique ways in mining States across our  country, whether they involve ensuring salmon runs in Alaska or  ranching in Wyoming.   I will close by repeating a point I made previously in support of  this stream protection rule. This past year, the Office of Surface  Mining Reclamation and Enforcement and the Fish and Wildlife Service  completed consultation under the Endangered Species Act, resulting in  what is known as the 2016 Biological Opinion. This new Biological  Opinion smooths the way for more efficient Endangered Species Act  compliance and provides some important protections to industry and  State regulators regarding possible impacts of mining operations on  protected species.   I think it is important to note that if we kill this rule--and I hope  we will not--that protection for industry and State regulators will go  away, and those players will have to resort to a more cumbersome case- by-case review under the Endangered Species Act for all activities that  might affect protected species. That would be a shame.  [[Page S628]]  That would be a shame, especially for a struggling industry.   For this and for so many other reasons, this is a job-creating,  economy-expanding rule. Why wouldn't we support it? Once again, I urge  a ``no'' vote on this resolution.   With that, I yield the floor.   