 Mr. Speaker, I rise to share my strong support for this  rule and the underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, there is no greater friend to the United States than  Israel. Israel is a beacon of hope in a very dangerous part of the  world. They are an important economic and military partner of the  United States, and they play a critical role when it comes to fighting  radical Islamic terrorism.   Given the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship, I was deeply  disappointed to see the United States recently passed a flawed anti- Israel resolution that will only make it more difficult to achieve  peace in the Middle East. Even more disappointing was the fact that the  United States just stood by and did nothing as it happened. Instead of  vetoing the resolution, the United States Ambassador abstained from  voting at all.   In other words, the United States turned its back and looked the  other way as the U.N. passed a flawed resolution attacking Israel. This  represents a  [[Page H116]]  dangerous break in a longstanding and bipartisan policy to protect our  sole democratic ally in the region from one-sided resolutions at the  U.N.   Let's be clear, this resolution does absolutely nothing to make peace  more likely in the region. Instead, it muddies the water and only  further complicates what is already a very complex issue.   No solution to the ongoing problems with Israel and the Palestinian  Authority is going to come from an international body like the United  Nations telling them what to do. Any real solution must come through  negotiations between the involved parties.   Honestly, given the many blunders of the Obama administration on the  world stage, I guess this most recent action shouldn't be all that  surprising. But this action is one of the most irresponsible acts ever  by an outgoing President. It will be a dark stain on an already  disastrous legacy.   By abstaining and allowing this resolution to pass, the Obama  administration has upset decades of bipartisan policy as it relates to  Israel and put a pathway to peace even further out of reach. Now is the  time to be standing up for Israel, not turning away from them.   It is my hope and my belief that under President-elect Trump the  United States will once again stand arm in arm with Israel, and this  resolution is an important step in that direction.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the  underlying legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I hope that my colleague from Alabama uses some of that passion to  convince the President-elect to stop cozying up to Vladimir Putin, who  is no friend of democracy, no friend of Israel, and no friend of human  rights.   All we are trying to do here, Mr. Speaker, is to have a little  democracy on the House floor. People can vote whichever way they want  to vote. But the Rules Committee last night, staying true to form,  actually denied us the ability to bring to the floor and debate an  alternative, which we think is, quite frankly, more appropriate.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question.  If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will make in order  H. Res. 23, the David Price-Eliot Engel-Gerry Connolly resolution, to  provide an alternative viewpoint.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution again was blocked by the Rules  Committee, right along party line. Republicans said ``no'' to an open  debate, even though it complies with all the rules of the House.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss the proposal, I yield 3\1/2\  minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this closed rule and the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate debate to be had concerning U.N.  Security Council Resolution 2334 and the United States' decision to  abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it  misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the  tough decision to abstain, and it distorts the content of the U.N.  Security Council resolution, apparently for political purposes. In  fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the  United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state  solution.   As we enter a period of great geopolitical uncertainty, that  principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to  democracy and stability, we must join together to reaffirm the most  fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and  unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the  world that we are still committed to diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes peace.   In an effort to make that unifying affirmation, I, Mr. Engel, and Mr.  Connolly offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the  nature of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to  put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the  underlying legislation and reaffirmed America's longstanding commitment  to Israel and to peace in the region.   Our alternative didn't attempt to solve all the region's problems. We  didn't pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact,  those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that  question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on  the foreign policy priorities of the other party.   Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad,  bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in support of a two-state  solution as the most credible pathway to peace.   Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the  Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we  have before us. The alternative resolution has now been introduced  separately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship.   Today, however, we don't have that before us because of this rule.   Members don't have the opportunity to vote on this or any other  resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with  Israel and the longstanding bipartisan consensus that supports a viable  two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an extreme  resolution that badly distorts the history--and we have heard that  again here this morning--and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy,  all to embarrass the Obama administration for political gain. It is not  worthy of this body.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying resolution.-   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions), the distinguished chairman of the  Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to share my strong support for this  rule and the underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, there is no greater friend to the United States than  Israel. Israel is a beacon of hope in a very dangerous part of the  world. They are an important economic and military partner of the  United States, and they play a critical role when it comes to fighting  radical Islamic terrorism.   Given the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship, I was deeply  disappointed to see the United States recently passed a flawed anti- Israel resolution that will only make it more difficult to achieve  peace in the Middle East. Even more disappointing was the fact that the  United States just stood by and did nothing as it happened. Instead of  vetoing the resolution, the United States Ambassador abstained from  voting at all.   In other words, the United States turned its back and looked the  other way as the U.N. passed a flawed resolution attacking Israel. This  represents a  [[Page H116]]  dangerous break in a longstanding and bipartisan policy to protect our  sole democratic ally in the region from one-sided resolutions at the  U.N.   Let's be clear, this resolution does absolutely nothing to make peace  more likely in the region. Instead, it muddies the water and only  further complicates what is already a very complex issue.   No solution to the ongoing problems with Israel and the Palestinian  Authority is going to come from an international body like the United  Nations telling them what to do. Any real solution must come through  negotiations between the involved parties.   Honestly, given the many blunders of the Obama administration on the  world stage, I guess this most recent action shouldn't be all that  surprising. But this action is one of the most irresponsible acts ever  by an outgoing President. It will be a dark stain on an already  disastrous legacy.   By abstaining and allowing this resolution to pass, the Obama  administration has upset decades of bipartisan policy as it relates to  Israel and put a pathway to peace even further out of reach. Now is the  time to be standing up for Israel, not turning away from them.   It is my hope and my belief that under President-elect Trump the  United States will once again stand arm in arm with Israel, and this  resolution is an important step in that direction.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the  underlying legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I hope that my colleague from Alabama uses some of that passion to  convince the President-elect to stop cozying up to Vladimir Putin, who  is no friend of democracy, no friend of Israel, and no friend of human  rights.   All we are trying to do here, Mr. Speaker, is to have a little  democracy on the House floor. People can vote whichever way they want  to vote. But the Rules Committee last night, staying true to form,  actually denied us the ability to bring to the floor and debate an  alternative, which we think is, quite frankly, more appropriate.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question.  If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will make in order  H. Res. 23, the David Price-Eliot Engel-Gerry Connolly resolution, to  provide an alternative viewpoint.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution again was blocked by the Rules  Committee, right along party line. Republicans said ``no'' to an open  debate, even though it complies with all the rules of the House.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss the proposal, I yield 3\1/2\  minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this closed rule and the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate debate to be had concerning U.N.  Security Council Resolution 2334 and the United States' decision to  abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it  misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the  tough decision to abstain, and it distorts the content of the U.N.  Security Council resolution, apparently for political purposes. In  fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the  United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state  solution.   As we enter a period of great geopolitical uncertainty, that  principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to  democracy and stability, we must join together to reaffirm the most  fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and  unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the  world that we are still committed to diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes peace.   In an effort to make that unifying affirmation, I, Mr. Engel, and Mr.  Connolly offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the  nature of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to  put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the  underlying legislation and reaffirmed America's longstanding commitment  to Israel and to peace in the region.   Our alternative didn't attempt to solve all the region's problems. We  didn't pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact,  those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that  question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on  the foreign policy priorities of the other party.   Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad,  bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in support of a two-state  solution as the most credible pathway to peace.   Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the  Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we  have before us. The alternative resolution has now been introduced  separately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship.   Today, however, we don't have that before us because of this rule.   Members don't have the opportunity to vote on this or any other  resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with  Israel and the longstanding bipartisan consensus that supports a viable  two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an extreme  resolution that badly distorts the history--and we have heard that  again here this morning--and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy,  all to embarrass the Obama administration for political gain. It is not  worthy of this body.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying resolution.-   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions), the distinguished chairman of the  Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to share my strong support for this  rule and the underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, there is no greater friend to the United States than  Israel. Israel is a beacon of hope in a very dangerous part of the  world. They are an important economic and military partner of the  United States, and they play a critical role when it comes to fighting  radical Islamic terrorism.   Given the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship, I was deeply  disappointed to see the United States recently passed a flawed anti- Israel resolution that will only make it more difficult to achieve  peace in the Middle East. Even more disappointing was the fact that the  United States just stood by and did nothing as it happened. Instead of  vetoing the resolution, the United States Ambassador abstained from  voting at all.   In other words, the United States turned its back and looked the  other way as the U.N. passed a flawed resolution attacking Israel. This  represents a  [[Page H116]]  dangerous break in a longstanding and bipartisan policy to protect our  sole democratic ally in the region from one-sided resolutions at the  U.N.   Let's be clear, this resolution does absolutely nothing to make peace  more likely in the region. Instead, it muddies the water and only  further complicates what is already a very complex issue.   No solution to the ongoing problems with Israel and the Palestinian  Authority is going to come from an international body like the United  Nations telling them what to do. Any real solution must come through  negotiations between the involved parties.   Honestly, given the many blunders of the Obama administration on the  world stage, I guess this most recent action shouldn't be all that  surprising. But this action is one of the most irresponsible acts ever  by an outgoing President. It will be a dark stain on an already  disastrous legacy.   By abstaining and allowing this resolution to pass, the Obama  administration has upset decades of bipartisan policy as it relates to  Israel and put a pathway to peace even further out of reach. Now is the  time to be standing up for Israel, not turning away from them.   It is my hope and my belief that under President-elect Trump the  United States will once again stand arm in arm with Israel, and this  resolution is an important step in that direction.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the  underlying legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I hope that my colleague from Alabama uses some of that passion to  convince the President-elect to stop cozying up to Vladimir Putin, who  is no friend of democracy, no friend of Israel, and no friend of human  rights.   All we are trying to do here, Mr. Speaker, is to have a little  democracy on the House floor. People can vote whichever way they want  to vote. But the Rules Committee last night, staying true to form,  actually denied us the ability to bring to the floor and debate an  alternative, which we think is, quite frankly, more appropriate.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question.  If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will make in order  H. Res. 23, the David Price-Eliot Engel-Gerry Connolly resolution, to  provide an alternative viewpoint.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution again was blocked by the Rules  Committee, right along party line. Republicans said ``no'' to an open  debate, even though it complies with all the rules of the House.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss the proposal, I yield 3\1/2\  minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this closed rule and the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate debate to be had concerning U.N.  Security Council Resolution 2334 and the United States' decision to  abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it  misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the  tough decision to abstain, and it distorts the content of the U.N.  Security Council resolution, apparently for political purposes. In  fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the  United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state  solution.   As we enter a period of great geopolitical uncertainty, that  principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to  democracy and stability, we must join together to reaffirm the most  fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and  unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the  world that we are still committed to diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes peace.   In an effort to make that unifying affirmation, I, Mr. Engel, and Mr.  Connolly offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the  nature of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to  put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the  underlying legislation and reaffirmed America's longstanding commitment  to Israel and to peace in the region.   Our alternative didn't attempt to solve all the region's problems. We  didn't pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact,  those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that  question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on  the foreign policy priorities of the other party.   Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad,  bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in support of a two-state  solution as the most credible pathway to peace.   Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the  Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we  have before us. The alternative resolution has now been introduced  separately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship.   Today, however, we don't have that before us because of this rule.   Members don't have the opportunity to vote on this or any other  resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with  Israel and the longstanding bipartisan consensus that supports a viable  two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an extreme  resolution that badly distorts the history--and we have heard that  again here this morning--and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy,  all to embarrass the Obama administration for political gain. It is not  worthy of this body.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying resolution.-   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions), the distinguished chairman of the  Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to share my strong support for this  rule and the underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, there is no greater friend to the United States than  Israel. Israel is a beacon of hope in a very dangerous part of the  world. They are an important economic and military partner of the  United States, and they play a critical role when it comes to fighting  radical Islamic terrorism.   Given the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship, I was deeply  disappointed to see the United States recently passed a flawed anti- Israel resolution that will only make it more difficult to achieve  peace in the Middle East. Even more disappointing was the fact that the  United States just stood by and did nothing as it happened. Instead of  vetoing the resolution, the United States Ambassador abstained from  voting at all.   In other words, the United States turned its back and looked the  other way as the U.N. passed a flawed resolution attacking Israel. This  represents a  [[Page H116]]  dangerous break in a longstanding and bipartisan policy to protect our  sole democratic ally in the region from one-sided resolutions at the  U.N.   Let's be clear, this resolution does absolutely nothing to make peace  more likely in the region. Instead, it muddies the water and only  further complicates what is already a very complex issue.   No solution to the ongoing problems with Israel and the Palestinian  Authority is going to come from an international body like the United  Nations telling them what to do. Any real solution must come through  negotiations between the involved parties.   Honestly, given the many blunders of the Obama administration on the  world stage, I guess this most recent action shouldn't be all that  surprising. But this action is one of the most irresponsible acts ever  by an outgoing President. It will be a dark stain on an already  disastrous legacy.   By abstaining and allowing this resolution to pass, the Obama  administration has upset decades of bipartisan policy as it relates to  Israel and put a pathway to peace even further out of reach. Now is the  time to be standing up for Israel, not turning away from them.   It is my hope and my belief that under President-elect Trump the  United States will once again stand arm in arm with Israel, and this  resolution is an important step in that direction.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the  underlying legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I hope that my colleague from Alabama uses some of that passion to  convince the President-elect to stop cozying up to Vladimir Putin, who  is no friend of democracy, no friend of Israel, and no friend of human  rights.   All we are trying to do here, Mr. Speaker, is to have a little  democracy on the House floor. People can vote whichever way they want  to vote. But the Rules Committee last night, staying true to form,  actually denied us the ability to bring to the floor and debate an  alternative, which we think is, quite frankly, more appropriate.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question.  If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will make in order  H. Res. 23, the David Price-Eliot Engel-Gerry Connolly resolution, to  provide an alternative viewpoint.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution again was blocked by the Rules  Committee, right along party line. Republicans said ``no'' to an open  debate, even though it complies with all the rules of the House.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss the proposal, I yield 3\1/2\  minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this closed rule and the underlying resolution.   Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate debate to be had concerning U.N.  Security Council Resolution 2334 and the United States' decision to  abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it  misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the  tough decision to abstain, and it distorts the content of the U.N.  Security Council resolution, apparently for political purposes. In  fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the  United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state  solution.   As we enter a period of great geopolitical uncertainty, that  principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to  democracy and stability, we must join together to reaffirm the most  fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and  unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the  world that we are still committed to diplomacy that defends human  rights and promotes peace.   In an effort to make that unifying affirmation, I, Mr. Engel, and Mr.  Connolly offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the  nature of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to  put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the  underlying legislation and reaffirmed America's longstanding commitment  to Israel and to peace in the region.   Our alternative didn't attempt to solve all the region's problems. We  didn't pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact,  those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that  question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on  the foreign policy priorities of the other party.   Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad,  bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in support of a two-state  solution as the most credible pathway to peace.   Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the  Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we  have before us. The alternative resolution has now been introduced  separately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship.   Today, however, we don't have that before us because of this rule.   Members don't have the opportunity to vote on this or any other  resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with  Israel and the longstanding bipartisan consensus that supports a viable  two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an extreme  resolution that badly distorts the history--and we have heard that  again here this morning--and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy,  all to embarrass the Obama administration for political gain. It is not  worthy of this body.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying resolution.-   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions), the distinguished chairman of the  Rules Committee.   