 Madam President, I come to the floor to pass the Wounded  Officers Recovery Act. This legislation comes after last month's  terrible shooting at the Republican practice for the annual  Congressional Baseball Game.   As many of you already know, U.S. Capitol Police DPD Special Agents  Crystal Griner and David Bailey were both wounded in the line of duty  as they successfully fought off and subdued the gunman. I witnessed  firsthand the unbelievable bravery and heroism of the Capitol Police on  that morning. It is not at all an exaggeration to say that, if not for  their actions, I probably would not be here today.   I and my colleagues certainly have a special place in our hearts for  them and an appreciation for what they did on that fateful morning. It  is a privilege to be able to help them out now. They had our backs, and  now we need to have theirs.   This bill amends the policies of the United States Capitol Police  Memorial Fund to expand eligibility to include any U.S. Capitol Police  employee who has been injured in the line of duty. This will enable  Special Agents Griner and Bailey to access funds raised for victims of  the congressional baseball practice shooting.   Previously, the fund only allowed donated funds to be given to the  families of officers killed in the line of duty. I am hopeful all of my  colleagues will agree that this issue should rise above any partisan  wrangling.   Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey have our gratitude,  and we ought to be able to help them. I am grateful for their  sacrifice. I hope we can speak with one voice in support of the brave  men and women of the Capitol Police and pass this bill without delay.   I wish to thank the cosponsors here in the Senate, including Senator  Paul, Senator Donnelly, Senator Murphy, and all of those who played in  the congressional baseball game, also, in the House, the managers of  the Republican and the Democratic teams respectively, Joe Martin and  Mike Doyle.   The congressional baseball game is one of the best institutions in  Congress, one of the most bipartisan institutions. We are able to raise  a lot of money for needy causes as well as the Capitol Police. We want  to make sure a lot of the money that was raised this year--a portion of  that money--can go to these deserving individuals who helped us out in  a very real way and saved our lives.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules  be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3298 and the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Flake  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   