 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the confirmation of Makan Delrahim has been  a top priority of mine. I know the man. He worked with us. He headed  our Judiciary Committee staff. Amidst the rising controversy over  antitrust law in the 21st century, he is precisely who we need in that  position. I commend the President for having picked him.  [[Page S6179]]    All of us, Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, are  going to make sure that our markets remain free and competitive. Cheap  talking points are not going to cut it; only serious debate will.   I am pleased that recent efforts to rise above the partisan fray and  treat this subject with the seriousness it deserves have paid off  today.   I expect our colleagues to vote for Makan because of the high-quality  lawyer he really is.   I thank my colleagues for joining me in this debate. I congratulate  Makan, who is sure to make us all very pleased with the way he can run  things and the way he can begin this important work that he knows is  important. We know it is important; I particularly know it is  important.   Makan has been an honest, decent, wonderful man. He is a good father.  He has been a terrific staffer here on Capitol Hill. He has worked with  both Democrats and Republicans in good faith. I think almost all of  them, if they are honest, will say he was a very, very good person to  work with and a wonderful person to fill this position.   It is a blessing that someone like Makan, who comes from a very  humble family, could rise to the top in this particular position in  antitrust, and I am sure he will do an honest, decent job within the  antitrust laws as they are configured and written.   I am proud of him. I think the world of him. I hope everybody will  vote for him. But if not, I will commend him, and I know he will do a  good job in this particular position.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I yield back all time on both sides, and I  ask for the yeas and nays.   