 Mr. President, 9 years have passed since I first joined  the Senate Finance Committee. For each of those 9 years, I have looked  forward to working on tax reform. In the House of Representatives, a  million years ago, I had the privilege of working on tax reform  legislation led by President Reagan, led by Tip O'Neill, Dan  Rostenkowski, Bill Bradley, Bob Packwood, and others, which actually  worked. It got us where we wanted to go, with lower rates and a more  simplified code.   Tax reform takes time. It takes a lot of energy and a lot of effort.  There is a lot of give and take. When we did that in 1986, the Congress  took 2 years of public hearings, 2 years of meetings,  [[Page S7390]]  and 2 years of bipartisan negotiations. The idea that a permanent and  enduring tax reform plan today can come to fruition in mere weeks is  what they call in my State ``the triumph of [a man's] hope over  experience.''   Any tax legislation that is purely partisan, written in the dark, and  rushed to the finish line is bound to be poorly designed and riddled  with inadvertent errors. A flawed process results in a flawed product.   When considering any tax policy, I look at it through a prism of 4  questions: No. 1, is it fair? No. 2, does it foster economic growth or  impede it? No. 3, does it simplify the Tax Code or make it even more  complex? And No. 4, is it fiscally responsible? Those are the four  questions. Unfortunately, the Republican tax reform plan fails the test  on, sadly, all four of these questions.   According to the nonpartisan--we just heard this from the Senator  from Virginia--Congressional Budget Office, this plan would actually  increase taxes on millions of Americans, beginning next year. By 2019,  the CBO found that Americans earning less than $30,000 a year will be  worse off under this tax bill. By 2021, Americans earning less than  $40,000 will be worse off. By 2027, most Americans earning less than  $75,000 a year will be worse off, not better. In fact, within 10 years,  more than three-quarters of the tax cuts in this bill will go to the  richest 5 percent of Americans. Think about that. Within the next 10  years, more than three-quarters of the tax cuts in this bill will go to  the richest 5 percent of Americans. In fact, almost two-thirds of the  tax breaks will go to the richest 1 out of every 100 Americans. None of  this meets the reasonable definition, in my judgment, of fair.   The second question is, Does it foster economic growth or impede it?  This bill does little to foster economic growth, and I fear, in the  long run, it will actually impair growth.   Last week, a survey of top economists--including economists from  across the political spectrum, as well as Nobel Prize winners and  former presidents of the American Economic Association--found that only  1 out of 43 experts believe this type of tax reform would boost  economic growth--1 out of 43--just 1. The truth is, any economic growth  from this bill will be swamped by the deficits it creates. I will talk  more about fiscal responsibility in a moment, but an important point  here is that the increased national debt will be a huge drag on  economic growth.   More Federal borrowing means higher interest rates, which means it  will cost more for businesses, both large and small, to borrow and  finance investments. It will cost more for families to take out a  mortgage. It will cost more to borrow for college.   No. 3, does it simplify the Tax Code? One goal of tax reform is  supposed to be simplifying the Tax Code and reducing unpredictability  and uncertainty. Unfortunately, this bill introduces new and  complicated provisions, for examples, new requirements to claim the  child tax credit and an awkwardly designed tax deduction for  passthrough businesses. This will make it difficult for Americans to  file their taxes--more difficult, not easier. As we learned earlier  this month from the Joint Committee on Taxation during consideration of  this bill in the Senate Finance Committee on which I am privileged to  serve, this tax bill will actually make the Internal Revenue Code  regulations longer, not shorter. Making the Tax Code longer is not the  key for simplification.   A large part of the additional complexity results from the enormous  new fiscal cliff created by this bill, which makes tax policy  unpredictable for families and businesses. That point brings me to my  fourth question: Is it fiscally responsible? This bill blows a $1.5  trillion hole in the debt, and it will be far costlier than that as the  deficit grows in years and decades to come.   With respect to the fiscal cliff I just mentioned, almost all of the  individual tax provisions expire within 9 years. I will say that again.  Almost all of the individual tax provisions expire within 9 years.   The bill's increase in the standard deduction, the increase in the  child credit, the new tax break for passthrough businesses, and most  other provisions affecting individuals will, under this Republican  bill, expire by the end of 2025. At the same time, the tax cuts for  large corporations in this bill are permanent.   Many of our friends on the other side of the aisle are saying that  all of these individual provisions will be extended and made permanent.  Well, if that is the case, why don't they do it now? The truth is  extending these provisions would dramatically increase the deficit,  adding far more to the national debt--more than the $1.5 trillion this  bill already adds.   Making the individual provisions temporary and the corporate tax cuts  permanent is, at bottom, an elaborate attempt to have our cake and eat  it too. At best, making the individual provisions expire is, simply  put, an elaborate scheme to hide the true cost of this tax bill,  obscuring the fact that this bill would add much more to the debt,  possibly twice as much as the $1.5 trillion that has been admitted and  advertised.   At worst, making the individual tax provisions expire is a sneaky way  to increase taxes on American families, all in order to pay for a  permanent and expensive corporate tax cut. Either way, the result is  unconscionable and an affront to fiscal responsibility.   Let me just conclude by noting that it doesn't have to be this way.  Instead of rushing ahead with a partisan product that haphazardly  remakes the American economy, there are many areas where Democrats and  Republicans could work together on tax reform. I talked about a couple  of those yesterday in a press conference that Senator Warner alluded  to, and one of those areas is the standard deduction. I have supported  a proposal to double the standard deduction, which would simplify  filing for a lot of taxpayers.   Another area where we could find common ground is the corporate rate.  I think many of our Democratic colleagues would agree with me and with  others that business tax rates should be reformed to ensure that  American businesses remain competitive with our global trading  partners. And while lowering the rate from 35 percent to 20 percent may  be too low--and, I think, fiscally irresponsible--a more sensible and  modern proposal would bring both Democrats and Republicans together.  There has to be a rate somewhere between 25 percent and 35 percent on  which we could come together.   Another area for common ground is the child tax credit. The bill  increases the child tax credit but fails to deliver the benefits to the  middle- and working-class families who need it the most. A better tax  reform proposal would have reformed the child tax credit to be fully  refunded and, just as important, permanent, so that lower income  families could benefit from it as well.   Despite these many areas of bipartisan agreement, our Republican  colleagues' partisan rush to the finish line leaves us with no room for  negotiations on a plan that blows a $1.5 trillion hole in our debt  while actually increasing taxes on millions of Americans beginning next  year.   In closing, President Trump made three promises when he ran for  President, when he was nominated for President, and when he was sworn  in to office as President. One of those is he didn't want a tax reform  proposal that helped people like him--the wealthy. That is not what he  wanted to do. No. 2, he wanted to make sure that we put money back into  the pockets of hard-working families. A lot of middle-income families  would benefit from tax reform. That is what he wanted. And he said that  he wanted to simplify the Tax Code. The Democrats are all-in on tax  reforms that keep those three promises. But from what we know about the  legislation before us this week, this plan does almost nothing to  fulfill the President's three promises.   I join my colleagues today in urging Republicans to slow down, work  with Democrats on a plan that is actually fair, actually fiscally  responsible, and that encourages economic growth and job creation and  simplifies the Tax Code.   I will close with an African proverb that I mentioned yesterday: If  you want to go fast, travel alone. If you want to go far, travel  together.   We need to travel together, and if we do, we will go far, and,  frankly, we will lift with us the economy of this country and families  who need our help.   With that, I yield the floor.   