 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every week I have been coming to the  Senate floor to talk about someone in my great State of Alaska who  makes Alaska a better place for all of us--for the community, for  everybody living there. I call this person our Alaskan of the Week. To  be honest, it is one of the most fulfilling things I get to do as a  Senator, recognizing back home and across the country special people in  my State.   There is no doubt that many here in the Chamber and the people who  are watching from home have seen pictures and television shows about  Alaska. We are a little biased--I know one of our pages is an Alaskan-- that we have the most beautiful State, not only in the country but in  the world. So we want to encourage everybody watching to come visit  Alaska. It will be the trip of a lifetime, absolutely guaranteed. It is  truly the people of Alaska who make our State so special, people with  big hearts who band together to solve challenges. Like all places, we  have challenges.   This week I would like to recognize Michael Carson for his work to  help people in Alaska who are struggling with addiction. We know this  is a problem that is impacting every single State in our great Nation.  Michael lives in Palmer, AK, a picturesque town about 45 miles from  Anchorage in Alaska's vast Matanuska-Susitna Valley--what we just call  the Valley or the Mat-Su. It is about the size of West Virginia, so  don't get me going on the size of Alaska. It will embarrass most of  my--actually all of my colleagues here, unfortunately for them. Palmer  is flanked by the rolling Talkeetna Mountains to the north and the saw- toothed Chugach Mountains to the south. It is a close-knit community  where most people know each other.   Many people in Palmer and the Mat-Su across the State know Michael  Carson's name. Like many Alaskans, Michael's story is one full of  adventure. Originally from California, he received his undergraduate in  early childhood development from the University of Texas. After  hitchhiking through Africa and spending a summer in Mexico, he took a  job teaching in Nome, AK, in 1974. A few years later, he moved to the  Mat-Su to teach and taught our students for many years.  [[Page S3028]]    He retired from teaching, but his yearning to help people,  particularly our youth, did not leave him. He got a job at Covenant  House in Anchorage, which is a homeless youth shelter. It is a  wonderful place, by the way. I am a little biased on this one; my wife  Julie happens to work at Covenant House. Michael's shift started at 8  p.m. and ended at 8 a.m. That is what he was doing at Covenant House.  He spent those hours walking through the city, reaching out to kids on  the streets, sharing his own story, and inspiring our youth because his  story also involves recovery. It is a privilege to say here on the  Senate floor that Mike has been sober for 29 years.   Eventually realizing that kids in the Mat-Su Valley also needed a  place to go when they were in trouble and needed help, Michael and  another incredible constituent of mine, Michelle Overstreet, founded  MYHouse in Palmer, a place that provides services like job assistance,  access to healthcare, clothing, food, and showers for homeless youth.  Michael still sits on the board, still remains a champion for all  youth, particularly those in recovery and the homeless or  disadvantaged. He leads recovery groups on-site weekly, as well as  meetings with clients who are struggling. He has also volunteered to  host recovery groups at the Mat-Su youth detention facility for the  past 13 years. Michael has helped many young people get sober and stay  sober.   In Michelle Overstreet's words, it is not uncommon for youth to come  into the drop-in center, homeless and just out of juvenile detention,  and ask specifically for Michael, to come in and say that he helped  them somewhere along their journey through life to sobriety, just to  come in and say: Thank you, Michael.   Most of us know that our country is in the midst of an opioid crisis,  one that has become an epidemic in many places across the country. In  2015, more people in America died from overdoses--over 52,000, and most  were linked to opioids and heroin--than car crashes or gun violence.   On Wednesday morning, Alaskans awoke to a disturbing headline in the  Alaska Dispatch News: ``Anchorage is seeing a dramatic surge in heroin  overdoses.'' Anchorage is the largest city in Alaska. It is my  hometown. The article said that since May 1, there have been more than  2 overdoses a day in Anchorage--34 overdoses in just a little more than  2 weeks.   Like almost every State in this great Nation of ours, Alaska is being  hit hard by the opioid crisis, and we are trying to focus as much  attention as we can in a bipartisan fashion on addressing this crisis,  whether in Alaska, Kentucky, New Hampshire, Indiana, or Vermont.   We need people like Michael. Every State does. He started the only  grassroots opioid task force in the State of Alaska and continues to  chair that effort to this day. He knows too well how the abuse of  opioids, other drugs, and alcohol robs our citizens--but particularly  our youth--of their lives, promise, and future. He also understands how  very important it is to have resources for those who need the support  and recovery. Those resources come in many forms. We have been trying  in the Congress in the last year, year and a half, to bring significant  resources to our State and local communities. We are doing that.   State support is also important across the country. Perhaps most  important is the community support and having people like Michael on  the frontlines who understand that addiction is not a moral failure and  that people who are suffering need help. They need help, not moral  judgments from us.   Because of Michael's involvement and the involvement of so many  others in Alaska and particularly in the Mat-Su, there are places for  people who are suffering to call and get help. There are places to go  and heal and places where our youth can have leaders who listen to  them, like Michael.   Michael says it is vital for his own recovery to continue to help  people who are suffering from addiction. He calls it ``survivor  obligation.'' I call it the work of angels.   Michael, thanks for all you do, and congratulations on being our  Alaskan of the week.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). The Senator from South Dakota.   