 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 477, the  Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage  Simplification Act of 2017.   I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga) for  working with me on this amendment. It has been a pleasure to work with  him on this bill over a period of three Congresses.   With the adoption of this amendment, the bill will be in a form that  will secure support from both sides of the aisle, not only my support,  but, more importantly, the ranking member's support.   In the 113th Congress, the House of Representatives supported a  similar bill to provide relief to the M&A community by providing that,  in certain circumstances, a small business merger or acquisitions  broker would not have to register.   As a result of that action by the House, which was not matched by  action in the Senate, the Securities and Exchange Commission understood  the wisdom of this House and introduced a no-action letter dated  January 2014 to provide the same level of relief requested by the  House.   In their no-action letter, however, the SEC placed several  limitations on the exemption from registration that were not included  in the House bill, but, with this amendment, will be included in this  year's bill.   These limitations provided additional protections for investors and  small businesses. It excluded bad actors and shell companies. It  prohibited passive buyers in the M&A transaction to ensure that  companies cannot use this exemption from registration as a capital- raising mechanism. It prohibited an M&A broker from providing financing  for the transfer. It prohibited M&A brokers from binding a party to a  transfer of ownership. I think this is most important: it required  that, to be eligible, a broker would have to disclose to both parties  and get their consents if they are being paid by both parties. So if  there is both a seller's commission and a buyer's commission, you have  to tell the buyer and the seller.   Now, those who want to step outside this safe harbor can simply  register. But those who will be exempt from registration need to comply  with these six elements.   The Small Business Mergers, Acquisition, Sales, and Brokerage  Simplification Act will codify the SEC's no-action letter and provide  certainty to  [[Page H9742]]  small business merger and acquisition brokers.   In the last Congress, I opposed the bill because it included only two  of the six restrictions that were included by the SEC. With this  amendment, the bill will include all of the restrictions. This is a  bipartisan amendment and it includes all the limitations of the SEC's  no-action letter. It has been a pleasure to work with the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga) on it.   In addition, our amendment provides that the SEC has the rulemaking  authority to determine the correct thresholds for gross revenues and of  EBITDA--that is to say, earnings of the company before interest, taxes,  depreciation, and amortization--in determining whether a company  qualifies as an eligible company under this bill.   The SEC is the agency with the expertise to do this. I encourage them  to examine this issue closely and to ensure that any threshold in place  is evidence-based. I encourage them in future years to inflation-adjust  whatever limitation dollar figures they have in their regulations.   I am pleased to offer this amendment with my colleague, Mr. Huizenga,  whom I may have previously identified as the gentleman from Michigan. I  offer it also with the support of the ranking member. I urge the  passage of this amendment, as it will ensure bipartisan support for the  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   