 Cliff, thank you very, very much for your very kind  words. I am honored to receive this award. It is especially important  because it comes from my peers, and I am humbled, given that prior  recipients of this award included such giants as Amo Houghton and Lee  Hamilton. My great thanks to you, the Executive Committee, and the  board of directors.   I am here to talk a little bit about the Congress to Campus program  that Cliff has already alluded to. It is our most impactful and  important domestic program, and I am glad to report on it and also to  add some thoughts about the state of civic education across America.   What a year Congress to Campus has had during 2016 and 2017. Under  this program, bipartisan pairs of former Members visit college campuses  for several days to speak to students from all disciplines in a variety  of settings, large and small.   We have three goals: to promote public service in the next generation  of Americans, to teach about Congress and the work of a Member of  Congress in ways that political science doesn't often capture, and to  engage students in a discussion about the issues of the day.   The format demonstrates that a Republican and a Democrat can have  different points of view and opinions but still have a respectful  debate looking for common ground and a path forward.   Last fall, during the election season, the Former Members of Congress  sent teams to 16 campuses. We had an additional 14 visits during the  spring term. It was the busiest academic year in the 35-year history of  the program.   Former Members visited all over the U.S., from the University of  Maine to Alcorn State in Mississippi and from the Naval Academy to  Arizona State. There were also four international Congress to Campus  visits.   Students come away with a better understanding of how Congress works  and what the life of a Member of Congress is like. Sixty percent of the  students report that their opinion of Congress improves after hearing  from a bipartisan pair of former Members.   After hearing from such a visit, one student observed that  Republicans and Democrats aren't completely at odds and that they can  work together. That is certainly very different than the way the media  portrays things. Another student came away with a sense of how  important it was to be involved in public service.   In 2016, over 50 Members gave their time to speak to almost 7,000  students, not just at colleges in the Congress to Campus program, but  also students in high school and middle school. I want to thank my  colleagues on behalf of the Association for their participation in  these many visits.    Special thanks to the Former Members of Congress staff, particularly  Sharon Witiw, who is here in the Chamber, for nurturing this important  program, for getting on us to participate and expanding it in  partnership with our friends at the Stennis Center. We have come a long  way since the years when a busy Congress to Campus year consisted of  two or three visits per semester.  [[Page H7580]]    For these college audiences, we don't talk about how a bill becomes  law but, rather, examine issues deeply and look into the politics of  today's Congress. The program is civic education in practice.   I also need to report that more and more, during these visits, we  encounter a lack of civic literacy, a lack of basic understanding of  our Constitution and the structure and practice of American  representative democracy. It seems to be getting more pronounced every  year.   Our Association shares with many others across the country a growing  concern about the current state of civic knowledge and skill. Just last  week, the Annenberg Center at the University of Pennsylvania found in  its survey that only a quarter of Americans can name all three branches  of government and more than a third can't name any of the rights  protected by the First Amendment.   Lack of this sort of basic civic knowledge and skills probably has a  relationship to the current level of distrust in government and  officeholders. This has led the Association to look for possible  solutions.   Building on the civic ed admission of our Congress to Campus program,  the Association now intends to play a larger role in addressing civic  illiteracy by reaching younger audiences in middle and secondary  schools.   A bipartisan group of our Association came together for strategic  planning around this mission. Working with the Lou Frey Institute at  the University of Central Florida, the campaign for the Civic Mission  of Schools, and Tufts University and facilitated by Pete Weichlein's  wife--is she here today, Pete? No. Okay.--we developed a plan for how  former Members could be more actively involved.   This work has generated some exciting developments. Cliff has already  shared the idea of a Congressional Study Group on Civics, which we  intend to have bring together current Members, district directors, and  chiefs of staff, bring them into our undertaking to advance civic  learning and practice.   Last week, the Association participated in a groundbreaking national  symposium on civics organized by our two partners, the campaign for the  Civic Mission of Schools and the Lou Frey Institute, where funders and  many civic organizations exchanged ideas and renewed their commitments  to improving our common efforts to educate for democracy.   Pete and I were there and had the privilege, on behalf of our  Association, to commit us to making civic education the centerpiece of  the Former Members of Congress' domestic programs, and Pete will be on  each and all of us to make good on that promise.   We have a steering committee of former Members committed to the  effort. My friends and colleagues, George Nethercutt, Jim Gerlach, Bill  Sarpalius, Tom Coleman, Karen Thurman, Steve Horsford, and Mickey  Edwards join me on that committee. We will convene soon to discuss what  former and current Members can do together to make a difference and to  issue a call to arms to our membership. Consider yourselves forewarned.  I am looking at you, Dan Glickman.   By exemplifying bipartisanship and taking advantage of the networks  we still have, former Members can make a tremendous contribution to  addressing the core need of American democracy: preparing our young  people for active citizenship. I look forward to reporting to you again  next year on our progress.   More importantly, we need to engage all of you in this effort. Our  people's lack of understanding of our own system of government has  become pervasive, and it threatens the Republic. It explains much of  what ails us politically.   Cliff, thank you very much for your leadership of the Association and  for the opportunity to give this report.   