 Mr. President, it is our responsibility to ensure that  future generations will have greater opportunity and greater security  than we inherited from our parents and our forebears. To accomplish  this, we must put aside political expedience and take a sober look at  the health of our national economy and our ability to keep our  commitments at home and around the world. With this in mind, I rise to  urge my colleagues to reject the partisan and fiscally irresponsible  Republican tax proposals in the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. When  we strip away the rosy, but false, economic projections and  ideologically motived economic theories the Republicans have been using  to hype this bill, it is clear this bill trades away our nation's long- term economic health and the well-being of working Americans, the poor,  the sick, and the old in order to benefit the wealthy. Moreover, this  bill will take us trillions of dollars deeper into debt at a time when  the costs of 16 years of debt-financed wars continue to mount.  Republicans owe it to our country and to future generations who will be  stuck with the multi-trillion-dollar cost of this bill to go back to  the drawing board and produce a balanced and permanent bipartisan path  forward on our Nation's broken Tax Code.   It does not take an economist to see that the Republican tax bill is  a historic $1.5 trillion transfer of wealth from poor and working  Americans to the very wealthiest among us, but a few of its glaring  injustices are worth mentioning. According to the Center for Budget and  Policy Priorities, it gives over twice as much tax relief to  millionaires as it does to Americans making under $50,000. Just 5,000  of the wealthiest American families will receive hundreds of billions  of dollars over a decade in the form of estate tax breaks at a time  when income and wealth inequality in this country are at historic  highs. This transfer of wealth through estate tax repeal alone requires  us to go back to the drawing board. On the other hand, the bill  [[Page S7284]]  raises taxes on 19.4 million households earning under $200,000 by as  much as $500. Forty-six percent of households making under $100,000 and  50 percent of households making under $75,000 will either see their  taxes go up over the next decade or see no change at all, and that is  just the tip of the iceberg. While tax cuts for big corporations are  made permanent, the Republican bill plans to claw back what little it  gives to everyone else after a few years, setting up even bigger tax  hikes for the middle class down the line. This does not even begin to  cover the return of TrumpCare that has been added to this bill, which  would take healthcare coverage away from 13 million Americans and drive  up costs substantially for the poor, the sick, and the elderly.   This bill is a bad investment and, frankly, it is one we can ill  afford. According to the Penn Wharton Budget Model provided by the  University of Pennsylvania, the bill will reduce Federal revenue by as  much as $1.7 trillion and increase our national debt by $2 trillion in  the 10-year budget window. By 2040, this becomes $3.6 trillion in lost  Federal revenue and up to $6.9 trillion in debt. We would take on all  this debt for an estimated 0.4 to 0.9 percent boost in GDP. For $1.5  trillion, we could make needed repairs to our streets and highways  across America--creating tens of thousands of jobs in the process. We  could pay off every American's credit card or student loan, or lift  every American above the poverty line for years. Instead, this bill  would put yet another massive charge on America's credit card that will  not create jobs, will not trickle down, and most certainly will not pay  for itself. We still have a $5.6 trillion in deficits and interest  payments from the Bush tax cuts to prove it. With over $20 trillion in  national debt, it is long past time to stop experimenting with people's  lives and livelihoods to prove yet again there are no merits to supply- side economics. America has pressing needs and very real bills coming  due.   Mr. President, I would like to spend the remaining time of my remarks  addressing something about which we have heard far too little in this  debate, and that is the impact on our national economic health of the  unavoidable and compounding cost of 16 years of military conflict paid  for almost entirely through debt. For the first time in our history,  the United States reduced revenue--in the form of the Bush tax cuts-- rather than the usual pay-as-you-go approach to financing the post-9/11  wars. While we debate potentially adding trillions of dollars to the  debt for an ill-conceived tax bill, the costs of war are coming due.   According to calculations in the thorough report by the Costs of War  Project by the Watson Institute at Brown University, ``[e]ven if the  U.S. stopped spending on war at the end of this fiscal year, interest  costs alone on borrowing to pay for the wars will continue to grow  apace . . . [f]uture interest costs for overseas contingency operations  spending alone are projected to add more than $1 trillion to the  national debt by 2023. By 2056, a conservative estimate is that the  interest costs will be about $8 trillion, unless the U.S. changes the  way it pays for the wars.''   In a sense, what we are doing is mortgaging the future of our  children and grandchildren as we continue to add debt, and this is  unavoidable debt in so many cases. We know we cannot immediately stop  our engagement in countries throughout the world--in Afghanistan, in  the Middle East and other areas. And, frankly, we are facing tremendous  challenges in the Korean Peninsula. The approximate combined  President's budget request for the Departments of Defense, State, and  USAID for fiscal year 2018 is $14 billion for Iraq and Syria, and $48.9  billion for Afghanistan.   Furthermore, these costs do not account for much needed maintenance  and modernization of our military assets. For example, modernizing,  operating, and sustaining our nuclear triad--which includes submarines,  bombers, and ICBMs--is projected to cost $1.2 trillion in 2017 dollars  over the next 30 years. We are debating taking $1.5 trillion and giving  it to the wealthiest Americans when we know that we need an additional  $1.2 trillion over 30 years to secure the safety of the United States  and the civility of the world through nuclear deterrence. This begs the  very simple question: If we want to borrow $1.5 trillion, why don't we  invest it in a cost we know will come due--protecting our country and  the world through the renovation and reinvigoration of our nuclear  triad.   The Navy recently validated a requirement for 355 ships. This would  require the Navy to purchase around 329 new ships over 30 years--an  average cost of $102 billion per year through 2047, which is 13 percent  more than the $90 billion needed to build and operate the current 254- ship fleet envisioned in the Navy's 2017 plan. Once again, we are  committing ourselves to billions of dollars of costs to our Navy  shipbuilding program while we are entertaining a 1.5 or more trillion- dollar tax giveaway to the wealthiest Americans. We know these costs  are coming due, but we are fooling ourselves into thinking we can  continue spending on credit forever.   We can expect even greater costs if our military increases end  strength, as so many on both sides of the aisle are proposing. This is  because of high operational tempo, which is not likely to diminish. For  every additional 10,000 servicemembers, it costs roughly $1.8 billion  per year for pay and benefits, and to train and equip these personnel.  If the Army grows to 580,000 personnel, it will cost an additional $18  billion per year, but we are taking that money, and we are giving it in  tax cuts, the prominent amount of which is going to the wealthiest  Americans. We are not investing it now in increasing our military  forces. If the Air Force grows by 30,000 personnel, it will cost an  additional $6 billion per year. If the Marine Corps grows by 20,000  personnel, it will cost an additional $3.6 billion per year. If you  talk to the Commandant or Chief of Staff of the Air Force, they will  tell you they have to increase the size of their force because of the  operational tempo. Indeed, if you talk to the Chief of Staff of the Air  Force, he will tell you they are in a desperate situation maintaining  sufficient pilots to fly our aircraft. So we could be buying hundreds  of new F-35 aircraft at a significant cost and watch them parked  because we can't afford the flight crews to fly them and to maintain  them. We know these costs are coming, and we are ignoring them until  they come due. We are ignoring them now for the benefit of these tax  cuts.   If we do not chart a responsible path forward on economic policy, we  will leave all these costs to the next generation, to the detriment of  our children, our national security, and our position of world  leadership. Frankly, it might not be even that long before serious  issues materialize. Once the markets determine that $1.5 trillion is  just a small fraction of what we still must pay to protect ourselves;  to continue our commitment in Afghanistan, to continue to support  allies across the globe, markets may learn very quickly that the  deficit is beginning to devour us. The markets will react, as they have  in the past. So we could see a serious problem long before even our  children confront these debts.    That is why earlier today former Secretaries of Defense Leon Panetta,  Chuck Hagel, and Ash Carter sent a letter to congressional leadership  and the House and Senate Armed Services Committee leadership that  warned us that the fiscal irresponsibility of the Republican tax  proposal will contribute to a growing budget crisis. The letter urges  Congress to instead address the sequester that threatens to ``hollow  out'' our military's ability to sustain the commitments of its global  missions.   Mr. President, tax policies have real consequences. We can debate the  value of one tax proposal over another, but that is not the debate  before us. The simple facts are that this tax bill will give breaks to  the people who need them the least, take money from working Americans,  leave millions of Americans sicker and worse off, and further strain  our ability to keep America safe from growing and changing threats  across the globe. It also threatens expenditures on healthcare,  education, infrastructure, and other vital domestic needs as the debt  balloons due to this bill's unaffordable tax breaks for corporate  titans. This is not what we owe the next generation. It is not even  what we owe our children today. I urge my colleagues across the aisle  to consider our Nation's future and join us in opposing this  legislation.  [[Page S7285]]    Like so many here, I was here in 2001 when President George W. Bush  proposed his tax cuts, which I opposed, and assured us that our economy  would grow, that jobs would multiply, that we would be fine. Let me  remind my colleagues that he said this after we had made the tough  decisions in the Clinton Administration that led to a projected surplus  in the billions of dollars. The mantra from many people at the time  was, let's give the money back to the American people.   We don't have a surplus today. We have a significant deficit. It will  grow with this bill because this bill says that we are going to  increase it by $1.5 trillion at a minimum, and it will not be just $1.5  trillion.   I suggest that, unless we abandon our commitments to the men and  women of our Armed Forces, unless we decide to disengage from the  deterrent that we must have to defend the Nation from a nuclear  Armageddon, unless we decide to leave Afghanistan--after the President  announced that no longer are we basing our decisions on time but on  conditions--there will continue to be trillions and trillions of  dollars of unavoidable costs that should be included in this debate.   This is not the time to take trillions of dollars and give a  disproportionate share to the wealthiest Americans. This is the time  for us to work together, to provide the resources for our military, to  provide investments for our people, and to deal with the issue of  inequality between the wealthiest 1 percent and everybody else. None of  that is accomplished by this bill. In fact, this bill will complicate,  compound, and make even more difficult the problems we face in  defending the Nation and giving people a chance at having better  futures.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2018  National Defense Authorization Act.   After several months of negotiations, the House and Senate Armed  Services Committees have arrived at a completed conference agreement.  Earlier today, we passed the NDAA for the 56th consecutive year.   Let me highlight some of the important issues that we addressed in  this agreement. This conference agreement authorizes a total of $692  billion, which includes $626.4 billion in base budget funding for the  Department of Defense and certain security activities of the Department  of Energy and $65.8 billion in overseas contingency operations, or OCO,  funding.   Of course, we could not have done it without the cooperation of all  the members of the committee, including the Presiding Officer, and I  thank him for his contribution and his service.   This includes the administration's $5.9 billion budget amendment we  received earlier this month, which seeks an additional $4.7 billion in  base budget funding to bolster missile defense and to repair two Navy  ships after recent collisions, as well as $1.2 billion in OCO funding  for operations in Afghanistan and for additional capabilities in the  Central Command area of operations.  [[Page S7289]]    The conference agreement includes significant increases in additional  resources aimed at restoring full spectrum readiness, as soon as  possible, across the military services. Specifically, operation and  maintenance funding, widely known as the lifeblood readiness, was  increased by $1.16 billion for the Army, $277.9 million for the Navy,  $82.3 million for the Marine Corps, and $1 billion for the U.S. Air  Force.   This conference agreement supports the topline of $700 billion for  national defense, or 050, activities, which is roughly $150 billion  over the Budget Control Act cap. If the cap is not adjusted and if this  amount is fully funded by the appropriators, then we would trigger the  harmful across-the-board cuts of sequestration, just at the time when  we are trying to restore readiness.   I want to be clear. I agree that the DOD needs additional resources.  But we must address the caps for both defense and nondefense  activities.   I remind my colleagues that under the Budget Control Act, or BCA,  national defense activities include certain programs at the FBI and the  Coast Guard, while nondefense activities include the State Department,  veterans' care, Customs and Border Protection, and the TSA. We need to  look at our Nation's needs holistically, and we must remain vigilant  over the amount of money the DOD can effectively utilize. We have to  look at national security, and that includes both sides and both caps   With regard to our overseas operations, the conference report  authorizes the entirety of the funding request for our efforts in  Afghanistan, including $1.7 billion to invest in critical aviation  capabilities, such as close air support platforms and modernized rotary  wing assets, and to continue to sustain and train the existing fleet.   The report also authorizes 3,500 special immigrant visas to continue  to uphold our commitments to the many brave Afghans who have provided  critical support to the U.S. mission in Afghanistan. In this regard,  let me thank Chairman McCain and Senator Shaheen, without whose efforts  this provision would not have been included, I believe, in the final  conference.   The conference report continues robust support for our  counterterrorism efforts against ISIS, al-Qaida, and the other violent  extremist groups, including approximately $1.8 billion for the Train  and Equip Programs in Iraq and Syria. It also fully funds the  Department's budget request for U.S. Special Operations Command.   With this bill, we will enhance public transparency and congressional  oversight of military operations and the policies that underpin them.  Most notably, it requires a public articulation of the legal and policy  frameworks governing the use of military force outside of declared war  zones, as well as additional reporting on civilian casualty incidents  and DOD efforts to prevent them.   The conference report includes a requirement for the Secretary of  Defense to appoint a senior official in the Department to lead an  effort to harness and integrate all of the Department's capabilities to  confront and defeat the kind of strategic influence operations that  Russia has conducted against us and our allies over the last 2 years.  It is vital that the Defense Department integrate its cyber  capabilities with its information warfare experts to provide  capabilities and options in time for next year's election cycle in the  United States and to support our allies in Europe against Russian  operations directed against them.   Additionally, the conference report includes a requirement for the  Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to develop and report  to Congress on a comprehensive, whole-of-government strategy to counter  the Russian malign influence threat. Such a detailed strategy must  include measures to defend against and deter Russian activities related  to national security, including hybrid warfare, cyber attacks, and  information operations.   The 2018 NDAA also authorizes the Secretary of Defense to establish  the Indo-Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative, which will be used to  improve our posture in the Asia-Pacific region and provide additional  resources to increase partner capacity and multilateral exercises in  the region.   The Chief of Naval Operations' Force Structure Assessment from last  winter identified a goal of 355 ships, including 66 attack submarines.  This bill makes a good downpayment on that goal by adding five ships to  the budget, including one DDG-51 destroyer, two littoral combat ships,  one LX(R) amphibious ship, and one expeditionary sea base.   Perhaps not as dramatic, but no less important, is the addition of  $698 million in the budget request to allow the Navy to begin expanding  the submarine industrial base. Achieving the CNO's force structure goal  will require adding 18 attack submarines to the previous force  structure goal of 48 boats.   This will be no small challenge since retirement of older submarines  will exceed deliveries of new submarines. During the 10-year period of  1991 to 2000, we ordered only four attack submarines--Connecticut,  Jimmy Carter, Virginia, and Texas--so we have to do some catching up.   Providing the resources for the Navy to expand the submarine  industrial base in an orderly fashion will be a critical element of  efficiency and a critical element in building up our fleet.   The conference fully supports the budget requests for the  modernization of the triad and its nuclear command and control to  ensure we can deter existential threats to our homeland. Our triad of  submarines, ICBMs, and bombers have been in service for decades and  must be replaced.   Secretary Ash Carter put the situation eloquently when he said that a  failure to do so, in his words, ``would mean losing confidence in our  ability to deter, which we can't afford in today's volatile security  environment.''   In the area of technology and acquisition, I am pleased that this  bill shows strong support for the Department's network of labs and test  ranges, which help drive efforts to maintain our battlefield  technological superiority. In particular, I think this bill makes  significant strides in enabling DOD to develop and buy the modern  software and IT systems that are integral to every system, platform,  and business system in the Department of Defense. Additionally, it  reauthorizes the Defense Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive  Research to expand the number of universities capable of working with  the Pentagon on advanced research.   The bill also pushes DOD to make use of advanced ``Big Data''  techniques to manage its business functions and processes. New ways of  collecting, analyzing, and applying the lessons of data are  revolutionizing the commercial world. It is time that DOD applied these  same techniques to lower costs and save money and time.   The conference report also includes a provision that would allow the  Army to transfer all excess firearms no longer actively issued for  military service to an organic facility for the purpose of melting and  repurposing. This provision not only allows the Army to divest itself  of these weapons, but it will also provide a steady stream of work to  our organic foundries. These are an important part of our arsenal  system.   Furthermore, the provision will authorize the Secretary of the Army  to annually designate additional excess firearms that are no longer in  military use to be repurposed. This commonsense approach will allow the  Army to save money on storage costs, as well as repurposing these  excess weapons for higher priority needs identified by the Army.   I am also pleased that the conference report builds on a markup  amendment by Senator Nelson that directs the Department to conduct a  threat assessment and deliver a master plan for climate change  adaptation.   The conference report includes House language from my colleague  Congressman Jim Langevin that codifies several findings related to  climate change and expresses the sense of Congress that climate change  is a threat to our national security.   In the area of military personnel, the conference agreement  accomplishes much on behalf of our servicemembers and the Department of  Defense. The bill authorizes a 2.4-percent across-the-board pay raise  for our troops and extends authority to pay over 30 bonuses and special  pays to encourage recruitment, retention, and continued services.  [[Page S7290]]    It also includes authority for service Secretaries to extend by an  additional year the time that the recruits may remain in the Delayed  Entry Program to ensure that background checks are completed, so that  they are not unnecessarily separated due to the fault of government.  These are individuals who are here illegally. Their status is a result  of their joining the MAVNI Program. If this program were terminated, we  would lose their service to our military forces and they would be  forced to leave the country.   Additionally, the bill permanently extends the special survivor  indemnity allowance under the Survivor Benefit Plan, which was due to  expire early next year. This ensures that widows of our veterans and  servicemembers who die of service-connected causes will continue to  receive their monthly benefit and authorizes annual cost-of-living  adjustments to this benefit going forward.   With regard to military family care, the report authorizes $50  million for impact aid, including $40 million in supplemental impact  aid and $10 million--twice the usual amount--for military children with  severe disabilities. For military families and for local school systems  all across this country, this impact aid is absolutely essential.  Furthermore, it requires the Department to improve pediatric care and  related services for children of members of the military.   This bill will also improve military family readiness by addressing  the shortage of qualified childcare workers, requiring that the  realities of military life be considered in setting the operating hours  of childcare centers, and by increasing flexibility for families when  the military requires them to move.   Let me conclude by stating the obvious. The reason this bill passed  was because of the extraordinary bipartisan leadership of Senator John  McCain and also because of the extraordinary bipartisan leadership of  Chairman Mac Thornberry of the House Armed Services Committee and  Ranking Member Adam Smith. I look forward to working with them in the  future.   Finally, the conference agreement would not have been possible  without the hard work of the entire committee staff, who worked  diligently to help finalize this agreement. I thank Chris Brose, Eric  Swabb, and all the majority committee staff for their hard work this  past year. On the minority side, I thank my staff director, Elizabeth  King. I also thank Gary Leeling, Creighton Greene, Carolyn Chuhta,  Maggie McNamara, Jonathan Clark, Jonathan Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Ozge  Guzelsu, Jody Bennett, Kirk McConnell, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet, John  Quirk, Arun Seraphin, and Jon Green.   Let me state the obvious: They do the work. Sometimes we get the  credit, but the work is theirs. I am deeply appreciative of all of  their efforts.   Again, let me indicate what is obvious to all our colleagues. Without  the inspirational, practical, dynamic, and unrelenting leadership of  Chairman McCain, we would not be at this moment today--the 56th  consecutive passage of the National Defense Authorization Act.   I yield the floor.    I thank the Senator from Maine and the Senator from the  great State of Nebraska.    No. Once again, we have been following Senator McCain, and  he took us all the way. Thank you   