 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Delaney-Donovan  amendment to restore funding for three vital laboratories operated by  the Department of Homeland Security's Science and Technology  Directorate: the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures  Center, the Chemical Security Analysis Center, and the National Urban  Security Technology Laboratory. These laboratories work to counter  biological and chemical threats and support our Nation's first  responders.   I have had the opportunity, Mr. Chairman, to visit NUSTL, located in  New York City, which, since 2009, has been serving as the testing and  evaluation laboratory for the first responder community. Additionally,  NUSTL acts as a technical adviser and performs research and  development. I have seen the remarkable resources NUSTL provides to our  first responders and how closing it would greatly impact first  responders' capabilities.   Given the current threat environment, now is not the time to be  cutting Federal resources to counter chemical and biological threats  and support of our first responders.   I appreciate the very difficult job Chairman Carter and members of  the Appropriations Committee had in crafting the Department of Homeland  Security Appropriations bill. I appreciate their working with me and  Mr. Delaney to ensure these vital labs receive funding.   As the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security's Subcommittee  on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, which has  oversight of the Science and Technology Directorate, I urge all Members  to support this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to thank Subcommittee  Chairman Carter and Ranking Member Roybal-Allard, along with the House  Homeland Security Committee and all their staff for the hard work on  this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of the amendment offered  by my colleague and friend, Mr. Fitzpatrick. The amendment restores  critical funding to the DHS Office of Inspector General so it could  meet its statutory mission.   As a subcommittee chairman who oversees components of DHS, my duty is  to first get the Department the resources it needs, and secondly,  ensure these resources are used honestly and efficiently. DHS Office of  Inspection General helps protect our resources by rooting out fraud,  waste, and abuse by investigating and prosecuting misfeasance and by  exposing process inefficiencies. I respectfully request that my  colleagues support Mr. Fitzpatrick's good government amendment.   