 Mr. President, I just want to respond to my friend from  Oregon.   I have enjoyed the many, many conversations that he and I have had on  tax reform and other policies, but I want to strongly disagree with his  characterization of this process.   What our friends on the other side of the aisle want to do is to be  able to kill tax reform by filibuster. That is their goal here. That is  what they want to do. In fact, they were kind enough to be explicit  about it in a letter that they made public, in which 45 of the 48  Democratic Senators stipulated the terms under which they would be  willing to work with us on tax reform. One of them--one of those  terms--included that we had to use a process that would allow them to  kill it by filibuster. They put that in writing. There were 45 of the  48 who signed the letter.   Now, how could we proceed and deliver the tax relief and the tax  reform that we want to provide for the American people and our economy  with the Democrats holding the threat over our heads that they would be  able to kill it by filibuster?    Let me finish my point. Then I will be happy to yield.   Mr. President, obviously, it would be malpractice for us to allow  them to kill this that way. So we have taken an approach that fully  allows unlimited Democratic participation, but at the end of the  process, it is a simple majority vote, and a minority will not be able  to kill this bill by filibuster.   In every step along the way, our Democratic colleagues have had every  opportunity to weigh in, to engage. We had I don't know how many  hearings on this. We had a full markup in the committee. Unlimited  amendments were offered, debated, voted on. Here, over the next--I  don't know--day or two, I expect that we will have many more  amendments. There is no limit to the amendments that our Democratic  colleagues can offer. It is not true to say that the reconciliation  process precludes bipartisan participation. I hope that it doesn't.   This bill cuts taxes for middle-income families. That is a fact. It  is not a convenient fact for some of my friends on the other side of  the aisle, but it lowers taxes for working-class families and for  middle-income families. That is a fact. It is going to help encourage  tremendous economic growth by allowing our businesses to be  competitive. That is a fact, and we will get into why, and we will get  into  [[Page S7513]]  the details. The fact is that this is exactly what our economy needs  right now. More importantly, it is exactly what our constituents need  right now.   There is nothing about this process that precludes my Democratic  colleagues from offering their amendments, engaging in a debate, and  supporting the product in the end. By the way, I am still hopeful that  there will be some support in the end because I think that it is going  to be pretty hard to explain opposition to working-class and middle- class tax cuts and corporate tax reform that is going to generate  strong economic growth.   I am happy to yield to the Senator from Ohio.    I thank the Senator from Texas and the Presiding Officer.   Let's describe what is really going on. There are two big  accomplishments with this legislation that I am really proud of, and  they are the reason that this is going to succeed and that this is  going to be a big success for the American people.   The first thing we do is we absolutely directly lower the tax on  lower income and middle-income Americans, hard-working families, and  folks who live paycheck to paycheck. The fact is, virtually all of them  are going to get a significant tax cut. That is fact No. 1.   The second fact is, we fundamentally restructure the way we tax  business so that we can be competitive, so that our workers can compete  and win against companies from anywhere in the world, so that we will  have more jobs, more companies, and existing companies will expand.   Those are the two things we are trying to do. That is what is in this  bill, and that is why this is a great deal for the people I represent.  Let me go through these individually.   The first is on the individual side of the Tax Code. I have said it  before, and I will say it again. It doesn't matter how many times my  colleagues on the other side get this wrong, the fact is, we are  lowering taxes for every single  [[Page S7515]]  income category--absolutely, no exceptions, every category, and they  know it. They absolutely know it. We do this through a number of  mechanisms.   We double the standard deduction, so that on the first $24,000 that a  couple earns, they pay no tax at all--none, zero, nothing--and then the  income above that is taxed at very low rates, and there are other  deductions that are available beyond that. The fact is, that is one of  our tools. Another is that we lower the rates. The rates that are  applied to income are lower under our bill than under current law. We  increased the child tax credit dramatically. That is another huge  source of savings for people who have children in our country. That is  a fact.   Let me start with this simple chart, which is a simple and compelling  fact that is going to be hard for our colleagues on the other side to  ignore.   A family of four who earns a median income, which is $73,000 in  America--a family of four: mom, dad, and two kids--is going to save  $2,200 a year in a lower tax bill. Their taxes go down by $2,200 a  year. How is that not a tax cut? How is that not good for that family?  It is, and that is a fact. That is absolutely typical. That is just one  illustration.   The second fact--and this chart is a little bit harder to read, but  the folks on the Joint Committee on Taxation quantify whether people in  different income categories are going to pay more or less. It is broken  down into narrow incremental changes in income, showing people who earn  less than $10,000; people who earn between $10,000 and $20,000; $20,000  to $30,000; all the way up. This column is titled ``Change in Federal  Taxes.'' In every single category, the dollar amount goes down. It is  negative because every category of Americans is going to have a  savings. We designed it that way. By design, there is a tax savings for  all working families, all categories of income, all middle-income  families. That is the reality. That is a fact that is illustrated here.  And it is not my word; it is the Joint Tax Committee in their report of  November 27.   Finally, let's take a look at the last chart. What this shows is who  gets the biggest percentage of relief, because it is not uniform across  all the different categories of income. What do we see? The biggest tax  cuts tend to be for the folks who have more modest income. Again, this  is not my data. This is from the Joint Committee on Taxation,  completely independent of us. The higher income folks get some tax  relief, but it is not as much, relative to the percentage increase of  savings for lower income and middle-income people. So those are the  facts.    We can have lots of discussions about things on which we disagree,  and we disagree on a lot of things. These guys want higher taxes. We  like lower taxes. These guys like to redistribute wealth. We like  people to be free to earn more and keep more of what they earn. There  are lots of differences, but let's at least stick to the facts. These  are the facts.   Now, let me move on to a discussion about the other big part of it. I  said that there are two big accomplishments in this bill. One is direct  tax relief for the people we represent. That is a fact. The second is  making the changes to our business Tax Code so that we can actually  have the economic growth we have been waiting for and have the  prosperity we have been waiting for.   The fact is that we have lived through the weakest economic recovery  in American history. In every past severe recession--even ordinary  recessions--the economy has always come roaring back, and we have  achieved economic growth that puts us back on the path we were on  before the recession. That is what is normal for America--strong  economic growth.   It didn't happen this time. It didn't happen after the great  recession, and it is not just a coincidence. Now, as my colleague from  Texas pointed out, there are some folks on the other side who think  that America isn't the country it was and just can't really have strong  economic growth anymore. That is absolutely nonsense. It is ridiculous.  We are entirely capable of restoring the robust growth that allows our  constituents to have a better standard of living. There is nothing  about America that has lost that ability to grow and prosper. That is  ridiculous.   What has happened over the last 8 years is that we have had the wrong  policies. President Obama and our Democratic colleagues got everything  they wanted when they had complete control of the government: huge tax  increases, massive wasteful spending bills they called the stimulus,  government virtual takeover of healthcare, massive overregulation of  the whole economy. Lo and behold, the result was exactly what we  feared--really weak economic growth, actually unprecedented weak growth  for an extended period of time.   Well, one of the problems they inflicted on us was some really bad  tax policy and multiple tax increases. While the rest of the world has  been making their tax code on the business side more competitive and  more aggressive, we have actually gone backwards. We haven't had a  major reform since 1986, and the incremental changes have been  counterproductive. So here is a big chance to make a huge improvement.   One of the things I am most excited about with this is that I am  completely convinced that the passage of our bill is going to address  one of the most persistent and really maddening challenges that we  have, which is stagnant wages of working Americans. They have been  stagnant for years. So you might ask: Why are they stagnant? Again, it  is not a great mystery, and it is not an accident. Under the Obama  administration era, we saw a collapse in the growth of invested  capital. That means investment in the kind of equipment that makes  workers more productive.   It is growing worker productivity that allows us to have higher  wages. Think about it this way. You go to a construction site, and you  have two guys digging holes. One guy is operating a backhoe, and one  guy is swinging a shovel. Which one is getting paid more? I guarantee  you every time it is the guy operating the backhoe, and it is not  because there is a minimum wage there that forces it. It is because the  guy operating the backhoe is more productive. He has a set of skills,  and he is using them on a big piece of expensive equipment. He is able  to dig a lot more dirt in any unit of time than the guy swinging the  shovel. When business is able to put capital to work, workers become  more productive and they make more money. That is what is going to  happen under our bill.   One of the things we do, fundamentally, about the business side of  our Tax Code is that we lower the cost of investing in that new  equipment--that new tractor, that new vehicle, that new machinery,  filling that new plant with the ability to produce more goods and  services. Our bill makes that more affordable, and when you make that  more affordable, guess what, businesses buy more tractors and factories  and backhoes. When they buy those things, someone has to operate them.  That means they are creating new jobs. Guess what. Someone else got to  have a job in building it in the first place. I know that some of our  colleagues don't understand how that leads to growth. They don't  understand. So I am trying to explain this. If you have more invested  capital, you increase the productive capacity of the economy, you  produce more goods and services, you have more workers needed to do  that and more wages.   Guess what. Businesses don't go out and raise wages because they wake  up one day and decide: Oh, I think I will be generous today. That is  not what happens. What happens is they have to compete for workers.  They need more employees. There is a limited number, and so they start  bidding up wages. That is what I want to see, and we are going to see  that. We are going to see so much demand for workers that companies  have no choice but to offer more compensation, better terms. That is  how people have a higher standard of living. That is how they get the  pay raise they ought to have.   Let me mention another provision in our bill that is extremely  constructive. We are fixing a badly flawed international treatment for  our multinational companies. I think our Senator from Oregon, our  Democratic colleague, has acknowledged real problems in the way our  system works. The short version is that we have a system that  encourages companies to move overseas. Has anybody heard of inversions?  I think we all have.  [[Page S7516]]    Why do companies invert? It is because there is a tax code that  drives it. It is now very hard to explain and justify why you would  headquarter a multinational company in the United States when we see  uniquely put multinational companies at a competitive disadvantage  because of our tax system. So we are changing that so that we can  compete.   It is very good to have multinationals headquartered in America. I  have a number of them in Pennsylvania. There are great jobs in  Pennsylvania supporting all of their business domestically and  supporting a lot of their business internationally.   Now, in order to cover the cost of what we are doing--the tax  reductions, the rates reductions, allowing the lower cost for deploying  capital--we have some offsets. We have ways that we are asking business  to pay more taxes, in some respects, where it will not be harmful for  economic growth. We limit the amount of interest that a business is  going to be able to deduct going forward. We limit deductions that  favor certain industries over others. We limit deductions for certain  fringe benefits, and we close a lot of loopholes. That helps us  generate the revenue that allows us to have the constructive pro-growth  features, like lower marginal rates and lowering the cost of putting  capital to work. So that is what we are trying to do here. That is what  we do in our legislation.   The effect of this is very, very clear. A large number of economists  have acknowledged that it is going to mean more business investment,  more new businesses being launched, businesses moving from overseas  back to America, expansion of existing businesses. All of that activity  requires more workers--all of it--to fill the additional jobs that are  going to be created. That means more jobs, but it also means upward  pressure on wages if everyone has a job now because businesses are  going to have to compete.   To be continued.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Fischer). The Senator's time has expired.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for  his kind courtesy in agreeing to let me take 2 minutes to reply to my  friend and colleague from Maine.   If this legislation is signed into law, we are going to have a  smaller deficit in future years than we are on a path to have now, and  I want to explain why. Fundamentally, I think most of us agree that tax  reform done properly generates more economic growth than a terrible tax  code. The right incentives lead to stronger growth. This is not a  simple tax cut; this is a complete overhaul.   We have $5.5 trillion worth of tax reductions, mostly offset with  $4.1 trillion of base broadeners. It is a net of about $1.4 trillion.  The effect is to fundamentally change the incentives--incentives to  invest, buy new capital equipment, bring money back from overseas,  start new businesses. They are powerful.   The question becomes this: How much more economic growth do we need  to generate in order to have additional Federal revenue that will  offset the static score at which this bill is scored?   We know the answer to that; Joint Tax has given us the answer to  that. What we need is a mere four-tenths of 1 percent of extra economic  growth on average over the next 10 years. If we get that--less than  one-half of 1 percent of economic growth--then we will fully fill in  this hole and, relative to current policy, have a smaller deficit than  we are on track for. We are talking about going from 1.9 percent  economic growth, which is the current CBO's term projection, to 2.3.  This year we are running at 3 percent, even before we do this.   I strongly urge my colleagues: If we pass this--if you care as much  as I know the Senator from Maine does about our budget situation, if  you care about our deficits, if you would like to have smaller deficits  and less debt, pass this legislation. Let's have the economic growth  that is going to swamp this really modest score as a percentage of the  revenue that we are forecasted to take in.   Again, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for his kind courtesy.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.    Mr. President, I believe the Senator from Vermont is next  up, and he has graciously agreed to let me take 2 minutes of time out  of our side now, before he speaks, so I appreciate that. I thank  Senator Sanders.   Our colleagues were talking about a number of topics. One that they  brought up was the SALT controversy, and the other was the individual  mandate. I am going to very briefly touch on these and hopefully have a  chance to expand on these at another time.   Let's be very clear about what SALT is. This is an acronym for the  State and local tax deduction. This is a provision in the Federal Tax  Code that allows taxpayers to deduct from their Federal return the  State and local taxes that they pay.   Some States have very high State and local taxes, and others have  relatively low ones. So what we have now in the current law is a  mechanism by which low-tax States are required to subsidize high-tax  States. It is not only States, by the way; it is also within a given  State. But I don't know how it could possibly be fair to force my  constituents who live in, say, Dauphin County, PA, and have relatively  modest services and pay a modest amount of taxes--why they should pay  more in income taxes to subsidize someone who gets to live in a  multimillion dollar condo in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, but that  is exactly what happens.   What we are doing is neutralizing this. We are saying: No, you are  not going to be able to have this subsidy. Everyone is going to pay  their own State and local taxes, and we will have a lower rate of  Federal income tax as a result.   Let's be very clear. This benefits the wealthiest taxpayers. It is  the wealthiest taxpayers who take the State and local tax deduction. A  big majority of ordinary taxpayers take the standard deduction. They  don't itemize. They don't take the State and local tax deduction. This  is a blow for fairness among the States, but also within a State where  you have varying tax jurisdictions.   The second thing I want to point out is the individual mandate  repeal. That is what we call it. In honesty, as we all know, what we  have done is--we are zeroing out the penalty, the tax imposed on people  who cannot afford or do not wish to purchase an ObamaCare plan. That is  all we are doing here. Not a single person is disqualified. Not a  single person loses the benefit. There is no reduction in  reimbursements to any healthcare providers. There is no spending. There  is no reduction in spending. The word ``Medicare'' doesn't come up;  ``Medicaid'' doesn't come up.   What we are simply saying is this: If you find that these ObamaCare  plans are not suitable for you and your family or you can't afford  them, we are no longer going to hit you with a tax penalty for the fact  that you can't afford this plan that is not well suited for you. That  is all.   Again, let's be clear about who this affects. This terrible tax hits  low-income people the hardest. In Pennsylvania, 83 percent of the  people who pay the individual mandate tax make less than $50,000.   What a terrible offense to our sense of freedom--the idea that the  Federal Government would force someone to purchase a product or a  service that they don't want to buy, a service or product that doesn't  meet their needs, and then hit them with a tax if they don't purchase  it. It was always a very bad idea. This is a blow for freedom, and it  is a tax relief measure, especially for low-income people.   I thank the Senator from Vermont for giving me this time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Sure.    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Thank you.    Thank you.    I thank the Senator.   I just want to make a quick point. The Senator from Vermont is  concerned that we are going to cut Medicare or Medicaid. Neither word  appears in the bill.   Furthermore, if that were our plan, this would be the perfect vehicle  to do it. It is reconciliation instruction. We could do it without  requiring a single Democratic vote. We could do it. We could finish it.  We have control of the House. If we had any intention of doing that,  this would be the vehicle. But the words don't even appear.    I have to disappoint the Senator from Vermont by  informing him that there is no secret plan to do any of the above. We  are not in some process to spring something. If we wanted to make these  changes in Medicare and Medicaid, this would be the vehicle because we  have reconciliation protection.    I am not going to support any cuts for people who are on  the program and need----    Those benefits.    We need this program for the next generation too.    Mr. President, my friend the Senator from Michigan has  offered an instruction that says the corporate tax rate must revert  back to 35 percent in the event that real average household wages do  not increase by at least $4,000 by 2020. In our bill, the corporate  rate goes from 35 down to 20 percent in 2019. On the basis of 1 year of  a competitive corporate rate, we are supposed to believe that  corporations are going to change their behavior and make the kind of  investment that follows from the incentives we have when they know, if  this were adopted, that the rate goes back to 35 1 year later? No. This  is designed to be a self-fulfilling prophecy to guarantee that there  can be no growth, and then we go back to uncompetitive, very high  corporate tax rates that is stipulated right here at 35 percent    I will yield.    I will yield.    I will yield.    I will take back my time.   Let me explain how this works. The whole idea behind our bill is to  create the incentives that will encourage the investment that hasn't  been happening. The last 10 years, there has been a collapse, a  collapse in the investment growth of capital stock, a collapse in  productivity growth, and therefore stagnant wages.   What I want to do, and what my colleagues want to do, is see that  wage growth that we have been waiting for that didn't happen under the  last administration. The only way we can encourage that investment is  if the investors know the tax rate is going to be there permanently. If  we tell them you are going to get 1 year of a low rate, who is going to  invest in a new factory for 1 year? No. It will not work that way. The  wage growth will come when investors around the world and domestically  have the confidence they are going to be investing in a competitive  regime.   By the way, the average tax rate of the OECD--the countries that we  compete with--is 22.4 percent. It is amazing that we are able to eke  out even the feeble growth that we have at a 35-percent tax rate. Our  bill takes it to 20 percent and allows us to compete, but you have to  keep it there so that business will actually make those investment  decisions, so that people will decide to launch those new businesses,  and we will have the expansion of existing businesses. That is what our  legislation does, and that is why I urge my colleagues to reject this  motion to commit.   