 Mr. Speaker, I really want to thank our Members on both  sides of the aisle, and especially the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Burgess) and the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), who has an  identical bill, the House companion bill to this one.   S. 652 revises the Public Health Service Act's expanding access to  critical resources for the deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns and young  children. It will boost training of healthcare professionals in helping  these young parents and ensure that, in turn, they can help educate the  patient's family members.   This bill will also deliver relief to parents and caretakers of young  children that have hearing loss, granting them important resources to  aid in their care.   Again, the Health Subcommittee vice chair, Brett Guthrie, is the  author of the House companion. When the House today approves this  legislation, which I assume it will, that means this bill will go to  the President's desk and be signed into law. This is really important  work that the Energy and Commerce Committee is doing, once again, in a  big and bipartisan way. It is an important bill that will expand access  to critical resources for deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns and young  children.   By updating and reauthorizing HRSA and CDC grants to help States  treat children with hearing loss, we are doing our work to achieve  better outcomes for patients.   I am particularly pleased about the potential to harness new and  improved data collection systems to improve access. You know, if we can  better understand what is happening with patients on the ground, we can  make better decisions about where to allocate resources to help recruit  more providers and improve coordination of care for children with  hearing loss.   Mr. Speaker, I am delighted with the work of the Health Subcommittee  and the Members who have put so much into this legislation, and I look  forward to the House passing it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding and for his leadership on this, and to my other colleagues  from the West, who understand what we face, the problems we face, and  what has happened to our forests.   I stand united with all of you in the Western Caucus, because this is  something we have done some work on in the past and then we have been  stalled out, especially in the last 8 years. I know that President  Trump stands with us, wanting to pass legislation, get it down to his  desk so he can sign it so we can begin to be better stewards of our  great public forests, these public forest lands important to all of us.   As we saw painfully this summer, smoke chokes our citizens, it chokes  children. Literally, in my district, elementary school children had to  be sent home because of the smoke in their schools because of forest  fires.   In Oregon, we have seen some of the worst fires in our State's  history. It seemed as if every day came with new reports of more fire,  more smoke. While this year's fire season has been particularly intense  and devastating, images like these are nothing new for Oregonians. Each  summer, smoke has filled our skies in Oregon year after year after  year. Vast swaths of our land in our beautiful State are charred.   Unlike private forest owners, the State of Oregon, which I am very  proud to be a resident of, and our forest policy and tribal lands and  county lands, after a fire, they go in and clean it up, they replant,  they get a new, healthy, young forest growing, which if you are  concerned about reducing carbon emissions, you want healthy trees,  because they actually sequester carbon. Burned, dead, decaying old  trees actually emit carbon.   So we can do good things for the ecology of our world by planting new  trees after a fire. We will talk about that in a minute.   Smoke inhalation has become a health hazard for Oregonians in their  communities. I can't tell you how many in my communities, day after day  after day, were given warnings by our health authority that the air was  too dangerous to breathe, that it was unhealthy to breathe.   A recent study found that wildfires contribute three times as much  fine particulate matter into the air as previously thought, and this  definitely can cause respiratory problems and make it difficult to  breathe, as the citizens of our great State found this summer.   Wildfires also pollute our atmosphere with carbon. In 2002, the  Biscuit fire in southwest Oregon burned more than 500,000 acres, half a  million acres. The carbon dioxide emitted during that fire amounted to  almost one-quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted in the entire State of  Oregon this year.   By the way, we have burned 678,000 acres this year in Oregon at a  cost of more than $340 million to fight those fires, State, local, and  Federal costs, mostly Federal.   Tomorrow, the Energy and Commerce Committee, which I chair, will hold  a hearing to take a look at the air impact of fires, in part because I  have constituents who have seen that, in some cases, fires are not  aggressively fought if they are in certain federally designated areas,  wilderness areas. There is a temptation, apparently, to not use all our  tools, and to instead let them burn. That doesn't take into account  what happens to air quality and the health of our citizens when fires  are allowed to ravage and burn.   So we will take a look at the issues involving air quality and  pollutants emitted into the atmosphere and discuss how better  management of our  [[Page H7739]]  forests could help prevent catastrophic fires and actually protect our  airshed and our health.   Each of us today faces a similar situation. Devastating fires ignite  across the West as fuel loads build across our public lands--Mr.  McClintock did a great job laying that out--while broken Federal forest  policy stands in the way of better management, healthier air,  protection of our habitat and our watersheds and our streams and our  forested communities.   8.2 million acres burned this year. By the way, my colleagues, that  is an area larger than Maryland, it is three-and-a-half or so times the  size of, I believe, Puerto Rico, which has been wiped out. We talk  about the devastation and disaster there and in the Virgin Islands and  every other place, but somehow we sort of overlook the fact that we  lose this almost every year in our West and in our forested land.   Communities watched their mills close, meanwhile, as Federal policy  and lawsuits and litigation has prevented proper management of our  forests. So we have lost our jobs, we have lost our infrastructure, we  have lost the revenues for our schools, and, in some cases, for basic  services like law enforcement.   Now, promises that somehow recreation and outdoor activities would  replace those good family-wage jobs, tourism, they are falling short,  because guess what, events are being canceled because now the fires are  destroying the airshed.    Constituents of mine have been sending photos this year about some of  the fires. This one right here is from Mike, who was returning from a  hunting trip just a few weeks ago. This was the Eagle Creek fire  burning in the scenic Columbia River Gorge area between Cascade Locks  and where I live in Hood River.   We had an evacuation notice within a half a mile of where I live on  Rand Road. It was level 1, but they had them higher than that as you  got closer to this fire.   Meanwhile, events like Cycle Oregon, its 30th anniversary, canceled  because of the smoke; Sisters Folk Festival canceled because of the  smoke. Down in Ashland, the Oregon Shakespeare Theater, world-renowned  festival, they had to cancel nine of their shows at a cost of $400,000  direct revenue loss, not to mention the concerns they have about  indirect loss, people who didn't show up for other performances, and  might even affect their annual sales.   People are really tired of this. They expect this Congress to take  action to try and protect and become good stewards of our national  forest land, but this picture tells you what we faced. The Columbia  Gorge, where I grew up right near here, I can't remember a time the  freeway was closed as long as it was this summer. We had to go over  across the river to Washington to our good friends on Highway 14. All  the freeway traffic was diverted there, and there is still one lane  here that can't pass, because now we are worried about mudslides and  rockslides and trees coming down the hillsides.   We need to get back to positive, active management in our Federal  forests.   Five years in a row, the U.S. House has enacted legislation, sent it  over to the Senate, that would give our professional foresters, our  scientists, the tools that they clamor for and need to better manage  our forests and reduce the overloading of debris, of dead and dying  trees, open up these stands to what they should be naturally, get back  in balance with nature. Every year this goes over to the other body,  and somehow it never comes back. That has to change.   So tonight, I thank my friend from Arizona who organized this. He  knows what forest fires are like in Arizona. My colleague from  Washington, my colleague from California, myself, our colleague from  Montana, we have dealt with this year after year after year. Now, more  than half of the Forest Service budget is spent fighting fire. That is  not what we should do as a matter of bad policy.   We need to change Federal policy. We need to let our scientists  manage these forests, restore jobs to our forested communities, protect  our airsheds, our watersheds, and get back in balance. So I commend my  colleagues in the Western Caucus for moving this forward.   I just finished a very positive meeting with the Speaker of the  House, who is committed to helping us on this matter. I look forward to  us having the opportunity to vote on the Resilient Federal Forests bill  and get our Senate colleagues on board as well.    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I hope they will tune in tomorrow and watch  the testimony at that hearing. I think they will get a better  understanding of what the people in our districts have faced. For a  month this summer, schools had to be closed, festivals canceled, people  choking, going to the hospitals. This is serious stuff, and we need to  address it.    We appreciate it.    We appreciate it.   