 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation? Are we  in morning business?    Mr. President, I have been privileged to serve in this  body for more than 42 years, and I thank my native State of Vermont for  that.  [[Page S1950]]    When I joined the Senate, our country was still crawling out of an  intractable war--a war which came to an end with a vote in the Senate  Armed Services Committee in April of 1975. Since then, I have seen our  country slide into new wars. I have seen scandals that have consumed  this town and our Nation. I have seen horrific terrorist attacks that  have shaken our country to its core, from Oklahoma City to 9/11, and  others. All of these events, in different ways, have tested our  country. But I have never seen a threat to our democratic institutions  like I see today.   There is still much we do not know about Russian interference in the  2016 Presidential election, but what we do know is deeply disturbing.  Last night, reports indicated that there is evidence that certain Trump  officials coordinated the release of hacked documents with Russian  officials. And on Monday the FBI Director confirmed that the FBI has  been investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and  Russia since July of last year.   Already, the Intelligence Community has made public its conclusion  that Russian President Putin waged a multifaceted influence campaign to  delegitimize Secretary Clinton and help Donald Trump win the  Presidency. Worse, he intended to undermine public faith in our  democratic process. What is even worse is that this interference did  not end on November 8, election day. It is ongoing. That--whether you  are a Republican or a Democrat--should concern every American.   According to the Intelligence Community, President Putin will  continue using cyber-attacks and propaganda campaigns to undermine our  future elections. This is nothing less than an attack on our democracy.  It should outrage all Americans, no matter what their political  affiliation, and we need to know all the facts.   Frankly, my experience here tells me we need a thorough, independent  investigation. We need to send a clear message to President Putin that  America, our country--the country that the Presiding Officer and I  revere--will not tolerate future efforts to manipulate our most sacred  democratic process, our elections.   All of us here know that President Trump is not going to lead such an  investigation. He is not going to deliver this message. The President,  unfortunately, spent much of the 2016 campaign supportive of President  Putin. Then-Candidate Trump refused to call on Russia to stop meddling  in our election, saying: ``I'm not going to tell Putin what to do.'' He  even encouraged Russian hacking on live television, pleading: ``Russia,  if you're listening, I hope you'll be able to find the 30,000 emails  that are missing.'' It is unprecedented. No candidate, in my memory, of  either party has ever called on another country to interfere in our  elections that way.   This was occurring as the President was claiming to have had no role  in weakening the Republican Party's official position on Russia's  incursion into Ukraine. Of course, we have now learned that this was  false, and his campaign played a central role in softening his party's  stance on Russia.   I do not know why the President is so enthralled with President  Vladimir Putin, a man who has shown such disregard for personal rights,  even as he has made himself one of the wealthiest people in the world.  It may be simply because Russia is heavily invested in the Trump brand.  Years before the President denied having any financial relationships  with the Russians, his son admitted that Russians own a  disproportionate share of Trump assets, saying: ``We see a lot of money  pouring in from Russia.'' Now, just how invested Moscow is in Trump is  not known. The President broke with precedent of both Republicans and  Democrats and did not release his tax returns. But I imagine there  would be quite a sigh of relief if the only secret in the President's  full tax returns were that he did not pay his share of taxes and paid  far less than the average American.   The President, though, is not the only one in his administration  incapable of telling the truth when it comes to Russia. His Attorney  General provided testimony that was not true before the Senate  Judiciary Committee in response to questions from me and Senator  Franken about Russian contacts, and we know his first National Security  Advisor, Michael Flynn, resigned after lying to Vice President Pence  about his conversations with the Russian Ambassador.   President Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, also  resigned after questions were raised about his extensive activities in  Russia and Ukraine. Of course, now it has been reported that Mr.  Manafort earned $10 million per year for secret work on behalf of  Putin.   Another former adviser, Roger Stone, had early warning of the release  of hacked documents. He has admitted to having conversations with  ``Guccifer 2.0,'' the Russian-connected hacker responsible for the  cyber-attack on the Democratic National Committee.   They say that where there is smoke there is fire. There is so much  smoke here that it is getting hard to breathe. The President  unfortunately continues to make matters worse. This week alone, he  continued his untruth about President Obama personally ordering a  wiretap of Trump Tower, something everybody knows is not true. I think  members of his own administration's inner circle are embarrassed every  time he persists in this.   On Monday, the President ramped up his own influence campaign to  undermine the integrity of this investigation, tweeting ``fake news''  as the Director of the FBI prepared to testify under oath in the House  of Representatives.   Now, I have no reason to doubt the integrity of the FBI's  investigation thus far, but I have every reason to believe it is  eventually going to be at risk. That is why we need somebody  independent--independent of the Congress, independent of the  administration. We need an independent special prosecutor to lead this  investigation and to ultimately decide whether there is sufficient  evidence to prosecute. A special prosecutor would not report to the  Attorney General, who himself is a witness to this investigation. And a  special prosecutor, unlike the Attorney General or even the FBI  Director, cannot be fired by the President.    I have thought long and hard about this. I went on my experience here  with administrations beginning with President Gerald Ford straight  through to today. It takes a lot of thought to call for a special  prosecutor, but this is one where we need it, where the American people  have to have somebody they can trust outside Republicans, Democrats,  and the Congress, and certainly outside the administration.   Our Nation is at a precipice. We can either confront what happened in  our election and get to the bottom of it with an independent  investigation and make sure it never happens again. Or we can just  pretend this is another Washington scandal and allow it to be filtered  through a familiar partisan lens. That would be a terrible mistake. In  all my years here, I have never seen a time when another country--one  that has shown its animosity toward us--has tried to interfere in our  elections. If Russia can get away with interfering with our elections,  what else can they interfere with in our democratic Nation? They do not  share the ideals we do. They do not allow free elections. They do not  allow freedom of expression. They do not allow their people to speak  out. Why would anyone think that they would have America's interests at  heart?   Today we have a counterintelligence investigation into the campaign  of a sitting President. There is evidence that this campaign colluded  with a foreign adversary to impact our Presidential election. This is  not normal. We must not treat it as such. I would feel this way no  matter who had won the election--no matter if they were Democrat or  Republican, because it goes beyond one party.   President Putin's goal last year was to undermine our democratic  institutions--to corrode American's trust and faith in government,  something that has sustained us through two World Wars, through a Civil  War, through all the other problems this Nation has faced. That trust  should sustain us long after every one of us in this body are gone.   This is a responsibility that we as Senators have to our great  Nation: not to think of ourselves for the moment, but to think where  this Nation is 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and 100 years from now. We  must do that. We owe that to the American people. Republicans and  Democrats alike, we owe it  [[Page S1951]]  to the American people. We take an oath to uphold our Constitution.   We come here, all of us--and I have great respect for every Senator  here in both parties--we come here hoping to do the best for our  Nation. Our Nation is in peril. All of us would stand together if we  had an adversary attack us. All of us would stand together if somebody  declared war on us. We have done that in the past. We did that after  Pearl Harbor. We did that other times in our Nation's history. Well,  because this is done quietly behind the scenes, it is a great attack on  us.   As I said, President Putin's goal last year was to undermine our  democratic institutions--to corrode Americans' trust and faith in our  government, no matter who is President. If we do not get to the bottom  of Russian interference, he will no doubt be successful. And if anybody  doubts it, if he is successful, he will try it again.   That is why we should stand united and call for a truly independent  investigation. The American people deserve nothing less. We can sit  here and talk about this bill and that bill, but it is so rare that we  have something overriding. This is overriding. Let's have an  independent investigation. This Senator is willing to accept that  whichever way it goes.   I see our distinguished majority leader on the floor.   I will yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask  unanimous consent that the time be charged equally.    Mr. President, Senate will soon vote on the nomination of  David Friedman to be U.S. Ambassador to Israel.   I oppose his nomination.   Mr. Friedman has made a career of derogatory and inflammatory  statements about U.S. policy in the Middle East, about former U.S.  officials, about the Palestinians, and about American Jews who have  views that differ from his own.   He has written falsely that President Obama and Secretary Kerry  engaged in ``blatant anti-Semitism,'' that liberal American Jews are  ``far worse than kapos,'' and that they ``suffer a cognitive disconnect  in identifying good and evil.''   He has accused the State Department of a ``hundred-year history of  anti-Semitism,'' apparently because diplomats in both Republican and  Democratic administrations have not always agreed with the actions of  some of Israel's leaders.   Those comments alone should disqualify him for this sensitive  position.   Mr. Friedman has also raised millions of dollars for Israeli settlers  and bragged about leading the effort to remove the two-state solution  from the Republican Party's platform.   Regarding the two-state solution, he wrote that it is ``an illusion  that serves the worst intentions of both the United States and the  Palestinian Arabs.'' That renunciation of longstanding U.S. policy  should also, by itself, disqualify him for the job of Ambassador to  Israel.   Mr. Friedman is certainly entitled to his own views as a private  citizen, even if they are offensive and counter to U.S. interests and  values. But can anyone honestly say that this nominee is qualified or  suited to represent the American people in Israel?   Five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel, who served under Republican  and Democratic Presidents going back as far as President Reagan, say  the answer is no.   An alliance as longstanding as ours with Israel, which has far- reaching consequences for the entire Middle East, requires effective  daily management by an experienced diplomat who not only has knowledge  of the region but the temperament and appreciation of our short- and  long-term interests.   I do not see how anyone could conclude that Mr. Friedman possesses  the requisite temperament or objectivity. The record is devoid of  evidence that he appreciates the critical distinction between the  interests of the United States and the parochial interests of an  extreme constituency in Israel that he has fiercely advocated for over  the course of his long career.   Mr. Friedman's confirmation hearing provided him the opportunity to  assuage concerns about his divisiveness, including the many disparaging  remarks he has made and his close identification with and support for,  the Israeli settler movement.   During the hearing, he disavowed his past undiplomatic statements,  saying he was speaking as a private citizen.   Mr. Friedman's remarkable confirmation conversion falls far short of  convincing evidence that changing his title to ``Ambassador'' will  cause him to divorce his life's work and objectively serve the  interests of the American people.   We all want what is best for the American people. We also share a  desire to find a viable solution to the  [[Page S1958]]  Israeli-Palestinian conflict that protects the rights and security of  both peoples.   Neither goal can be achieved by pursuing policies that further  inflame tensions and erode the role of the United States as an honest  broker for peace.   There are any number of qualified Americans who could capably support  that role. Mr. Friedman is not among them.   