 Mr. President, yesterday the President fired the  Director of the FBI, Jim Comey, who was leading an active investigation  into the Trump campaign's possible collusion with Russia.   The President provided no reasoning for the firing other than he had  the recommendation of his Attorney General--who has already had to  recuse himself from the Russia investigation for being too close to the  President--and his Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein.   There is little reason to think Mr. Rosenstein's letter is the true  reason President Trump fired Director Comey. Why? Because if the  administration truly had objections to the way Director Comey handled  the Clinton investigation, they would have had them the minute the  President got into office, but he didn't fire Director Comey then.   The question is, Why did it happen last night? We know Director Comey  was leading an investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded  with the Russians, a serious offense. Were those investigations getting  too close to home for the President?   The dismissal of Director Comey establishes a very troubling pattern.  This administration has now removed several law enforcement officials  in a position to conduct independent investigations of the President  and his administration--from Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to  Preet Bharara and now Jim Comey.   What should happen now, what must happen now is that Mr. Rosenstein  appoints a special prosecutor to oversee this investigation. Deputy  Attorney General Rosenstein sat in the Judiciary Committee and promised  to appoint a special prosecutor at the appropriate time. He said: ``I'm  willing to appoint a special counsel whenever I determine that it's  appropriate.''   My colleague Senator Coons asked him: ``Would you agree that it's  vital to the assurance of confidence in our democracy and law  enforcement system that any investigation into these matters be fair,  free, thorough and politically independent?''   Mr. Rosenstein answered: ``Yes, I do.''   If there was ever a time when circumstances warranted a special  prosecutor, it is right now.   Mr. Rosenstein already expressed concern that Director Comey damaged  the integrity of the FBI. The Attorney General has already had to  recuse himself from the investigation for being too close to the  President.  [[Page S2853]]    If Mr. Rosenstein is true to his word, that he believes this  investigation must be ``fair, free, thorough and politically  independent,'' if he believes, as I do, that the American people must  be able to have faith in the impartiality of this investigation, he  must appoint a special prosecutor and get his investigation out of the  hands of the FBI and far away from the heavy hand of this  administration.   Mr. Rosenstein has the authority to appoint a special prosecutor  right now. He needs no congressional authorization. This would simply  be a step that he could take, as outlined in the Department of Justice  guidelines and in a law passed after Watergate, to get an independently  minded prosecutor who would be insulated from various pressures.   A special prosecutor is not subject to day-to-day supervision by the  Attorney General or anyone else at the Justice Department. That means  the special prosecutor would have much greater latitude in whom he can  subpoena, which questions they can ask, and how to conduct an  investigation. The special prosecutor can only be removed for good  cause, such as misconduct, not to quash the investigation.   Third, there is built-in congressional oversight. Congress is  notified whenever a special counsel is appointed, removed, or has  finished with the investigation. The appointment of a special  prosecutor would be a welcome step in the right direction, but it is  not the only action that should be taken.   There are a great many outstanding questions about the circumstances  of Director Comey's dismissal, the status of the executive branch  investigation into the Trump campaign ties to Russia, and what the  future holds for these investigations.   So I will be requesting that the majority leader call a closed, and  if necessary, classified, all-Senators briefing, with the Attorney  General separately at which, and the Deputy Attorney General  separately, at which they can be asked questions.   Some of the questions: Why was Attorney General Sessions, who had  recused himself from the Russia investigations, able to influence the  firing of the man conducting the Russia investigation? Did Deputy  Attorney General Rosenstein act on his own or at the direction of his  superiors or the White House? Are reports that the President has been  searching for a rationale to fire the FBI Director for weeks true? Was  Director Comey's investigation making significant progress in a  direction that would cause political damage for the White House? Why  didn't the President wait for the Inspector General's investigation  into Director Comey's handling of the Clinton email investigation to  conclude before making his decision to fire him? Was this really about  something else?   No doubt, we will have an opportunity to question Mr. Comey, now a  private citizen, about what happened, but we need to hear from this  administration about what happened and why, and what is going to happen  next. That is why, again, I am requesting that the majority leader call  a closed, and if necessary, classified, all-Senators briefing with the  Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General separately, at which  they can be asked these questions.   I hope the majority leader agrees with me that we need to get to the  bottom of this and get a handle on all the facts so that we can grapple  with them. I remind him and my Republican friends that nothing less is  at stake than the American people's faith in our criminal justice  system and the integrity of the executive branch of our government.   I yield the floor.    Given that we have no path forward on the horrible and  momentous events of last night from the majority, I am constrained to  object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   First, I want to thank my colleague from Colorado for his outstanding  remarks and, even much more important, the work on the methane CRA.  Much is happening today, and not many people paid much attention, I  guess, because they were so busy, but this is the first CRA to go down,  and it is probably the most important one that came before us. So the  fact that it wasn't voted on means the people of America and the people  of the world can breathe a sigh of relief because methane--one of the  great causes of global warming--will not be released into the  atmosphere as easily.   