 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my bill, the  Reforming Finance for Local Economies Act, which I introduced earlier  this week. This bill is very simple and straightforward. It would  exempt community banks and credit unions with assets of less than $10  billion from complying with the loan-killing, anti-jobs disaster that  we commonly refer to as Dodd-Frank. Every reasonable person with a  passing knowledge of our banking system knows the destabilizing effect  that Dodd-Frank has had on local economies, community banks, and the  Nation's credit unions.   Just last week, President Trump turned to the problems wrought by  Dodd-Frank by signing two Presidential memorandums to take a look at  the Orderly Liquidation Authority and the systemic risk designation  process at the Financial Stability Oversight Council. I applaud the  President's efforts in that regard. I believe they are desperately  needed. Reforming this flawed law is crucial to the future success of  the American economy.   Some of my colleagues were here when Dodd-Frank was passed in 2010.  As we all know, it was intended to prevent another 2008-like banking  crisis by strengthening Federal Government regulation of financial  services. But in the process, as so often happens, Congress actually  crippled America's small community banks and credit unions that played  absolutely no role--none, zero, nada--in instigating the 2008 meltdown.  And that is not just my opinion. Our Federal Reserve Chair, Dr. Janet  Yellen, appeared before the Senate Banking Committee earlier this  year--actually, February 14. When it was my turn to ask her questions,  I asked her the following simple question: ``What did community banks  do wrong in 2008?''   This was the Chairwoman's answer: ``Well, community banks were not  the reason for the financial crisis. It was larger institutions that  took risks and risks that developed outside the banking system.''   Let me read that first sentence again. Chair Yellen: ``Well,  community banks were not the reason for the financial crisis.''   I believe she is right. The fact is that our smaller banks and our  credit unions are smothering under the weight of Dodd-Frank. I will  give you an example of what I am talking about. The Truth in Lending  Act passed by Congress is actually 22 pages long. The Federal Reserve  Act, setting up our Federal Reserve System, is 32 pages long. Glass- Steagall, about which we heard a great deal, was 37 pages long. Dodd- Frank is a breathtaking 2,300 pages with 22,000 pages of regulations.  You can stand on the thing and paint the ceiling.   That is why so many community banks no longer exist. Those that have  managed to survive have seen their costs go up, their profits go down,  and their ability to make small business and consumer loans curtailed-- all as a result of the unnecessary, heavy hand of government. In fact,  since Dodd-Frank was passed in 2010, this country has lost 1,700 small  institutions. The reason is very simple. Dodd-Frank has forced  community banks and credit unions to merge, consolidate, or to go out  of business because of the heavy hand of regulation and because they  can't make the loans that they normally would be able to make.   Nationwide, we have been losing an average of one community bank or  credit union a day--every single day--since Dodd-Frank was passed  because of its costs, which have driven our banks to sell or merge with  larger banks. It is so ironic that this forced consolidation--forcing  our smaller banks and credit unions to either merge with or be bought  out by larger institutions--has caused even greater concentration of  assets on the books of even larger and, in some cases, too-big-to-fail  banks that Dodd-Frank was supposed to do something about.   My legislation will help 5,785 American credit unions. It will help  5,461 community banks in our country survive. Specifically, financial  institutions with assets of less than $10 billion--if you are a  financial institution and you have less than $10 billion in assets, you  will be exempt completely from Dodd-Frank, its 2,300 pages and its  22,000 pages of regulations. We are talking about a lot of banks.   Banks with less than $10 billion in assets make up 92 percent of our  Nation's banks, according to the FDIC. Banks with less than $10 billion  in assets provide 48 percent of all small business loans, 16 percent of  residential mortgages, 44 percent of lending to purchase farmland, 43  percent of lending for farm operations, and 35 percent of commercial  real estate loans. If my bill passes, these institutions will no longer  have to reduce their products and service offerings in order to divert  resources to compliance, to interpretation, and to execution.   The expertise of our smaller banks and credit unions in America in  evaluating risk will no longer be reduced to some algorithm--some  mathematical exercise. Instead, our institutions will be able to  deliver the desperately needed capital to the customers they know so  well because that is what community banks and credit unions do. They  take in local deposits, and they make loans to local borrowers whom  they know and whose creditworthiness they can closely monitor because  community bankers, as we all know, are relationship bankers. They don't  participate in widespread subprime lending. They don't use derivatives  to speculate, and they never did. Most of them have fewer than 100  employees.   The type of regulation they need--and I am not suggesting they don't  need regulation. What I am suggesting is the type of regulation they  need--because of the risks our small institutions take--is much  different than the  [[Page S2516]]  regulation needed by a $700 billion or a trillion-dollar bank.   I am certain that the proponents of Dodd-Frank were well-intentioned  when they wrote and passed it. But 150 years ago, doctors used to bleed  their patients with the best of intentions. They stopped doing that  because their patients died. That is why I suggest today that we  eliminate Dodd-Frank for our smaller institutions. Making Dodd-Frank  applicable to community banks and credit unions is a lot like using a  sledgehammer to go after a gnat. It is way over the top.    Now, certainly our smaller institutions need regulation. Certainly,  they need regulation to ensure that they are stable and secure. Our  small institutions know that. They know they need it. They want it.  They welcome it. But even after my bill becomes law, community banks  are still going to be subject to a strict regulatory scheme established  by dozens of applicable Federal statutes. I am talking about the  Banking Secrecy Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Truth in  Lending Act, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and I could go on  and on.   All of these statutes will still apply to our smaller banks and  credit unions. Our smaller banks and credit unions--now exempt, if my  bill passes, from Dodd-Frank--will still be under the supervision of  the Federal Reserve. They will still be under the supervision of the  Comptroller of the Currency. They will still be regulated by the  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit Union  Administration, and even the Department of Justice.   America's smaller lending institutions need some relief. What they  need is relief from the destabilizing consequences of Dodd-Frank. The  Reforming Finance for Local Economies Act, in my estimation, is a step  in that direction. I would also like to say, in closing, that I am  pleased that both President Trump and Senate Republicans are committed,  as we are, to paving the way for new businesses and the jobs they  create through regulatory reform as our actions have already proven  this year.   However, I would also like to stress that helping our community banks  and credit unions is a bipartisan issue and one that I hope will garner  support from many of my colleagues, not only just on the Republican  side of my aisle but by friends on the Democratic side of the aisle.   I welcome their support. I look forward to working with my fellow  Senators on the Banking Committee to find some commonsense solutions  that will help grow our local economies.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). The Senator from Louisiana.   