 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Jay Clayton to be Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  SEC.   Mr. Clayton has achieved great personal success as a corporate  attorney, where for years he represented some of our Nation's largest  financial institutions, such as Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and  Goldman Sachs. Personal success is not the same as being willing to  safeguard the interests of all who participate in and rely on our  capital markets, especially working-class Americans, as I believe a  good SEC Chairman must. Based on Mr. Clayton's testimony and his  answers to my questions and those of my colleagues on the Banking  Committee, I am unable to support his confirmation.   As more and more working-class Americans know, pensions are becoming  rarer, and more American families, assuming they even have extra money  to spare from their paychecks, must invest in securities to save for  retirement or send their kids to college. The integrity and efficiency  of our capital markets then are not only of great importance to the  megabanks and tycoon investors, but also to working-class Americans.   It is therefore in all of our interests to have strong and vigilant  Federal financial regulators who can help ensure we avoid another  financial crisis. While the megabanks have bounced back after staring  into the abyss, the last financial crisis, which began in the Bush  administration, had devastating consequences on working-class  Americans, too many of whom lost their jobs, their nest eggs, and their  homes. While the Dow Jones Industrial Average has recovered, the  impacts are still felt by too many in Rhode Island and throughout the  country.   While it is vitally important to help small businesses raise capital  and grow their companies by actually creating jobs here in the United  States, it is also equally essential that we have a strong cop on the  beat that upholds and improves the integrity of our capital markets.   Initially, I was encouraged to read in Mr. Clayton's testimony before  the Senate Banking Committee that ``there is zero room for bad actors  in our capital markets'' and that ``I am 100 percent committed to  rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our financial system.''   During his confirmation hearing, I asked Mr. Clayton if he would  support my bipartisan legislation with Senator Grassley that would  deter fraud by increasing the statutory limits on civil monetary  penalties. Our legislation responds to former SEC Chair Mary Shapiro's  statement that ``the Commission's statutory authority to obtain civil  monetary penalties with appropriate deterrent effect is limited in many  circumstances.'' In his response to me, Mr. Clayton said, ``I am very  willing to take a look at the issue and work with you on it and give  you my views after I've been better educated on it.'' I accepted this  response for the time being and wrote to Mr. Clayton after the hearing  to ask for his thoughts on this matter now that he had time to study  the issue.   He responded: ``As a general matter, I believe that the effective  empowerment and functioning of the SEC Enforcement Division are  fundamental to the fair and efficient functioning of our markets and  the protection of investors. Under existing law, the Commission has the  authority to seek civil monetary penalties in a number of  circumstances. I would not want the Division or Commission to be  unnecessarily or inappropriately constrained in pursuing civil monetary  penalties, which can serve an important deterrent effect in appropriate  circumstances. If confirmed as Chair, I will work with my fellow  Commissioners and the Enforcement Division staff to enforce the law as  it is written, including with respect to civil monetary penalties. I  also would be willing to engage with Congress regarding any changes to  the SEC's statutory authority to seek monetary penalties that Congress  deems appropriate.''   I am glad Mr. Clayton agrees that penalties can serve as deterrents,  and I appreciate the fact that Mr. Clayton would not want the SEC to be  ``unnecessarily or inappropriately constrained in pursuing civil  monetary penalties.'' Indeed, what appears to be constraining the SEC  in part is exactly what former Chair Schapiro said, that penalty limits  are not high enough to serve as effective deterrents. Given this, I do  not understand Mr. Clayton's hesitation in clearly supporting my  bipartisan legislation with Senator Grassley. This does not sound like  a 100 percent commitment to ``rooting out any fraud and shady practices  in our financial system.''   This is just one example, but based on a review of his record and his  responses to the committee's questions, I am not confident Mr. Clayton  will vigorously work to protect all investors, in the same way as he  throughout his career has defended the interests of his corporate and  megabank clients, particularly when those interests may come into  conflict, as we know they will. In my opinion, there should be no  question of an SEC chairman's willingness to stand up and fight for  working-class Americans and mom-and-pop investors.   Indeed, as Senator Brown, the ranking member of the Senate Banking  Committee, has stated himself, ``it's not the first time we've seen a  nominee like Mr. Clayton. I was concerned about Mary Jo White's  conflicts and corporate law background. She was conflicted in dozens of  high-profile cases, and then a month after stepping down as Chair, she  returned to her old law firm. As a lawyer might say--that's bad  precedent.''   What we need is a strong SEC Chair that will vigorously protect and  defend the interests of all American investors. I hope he proves me  wrong, but based on the record before me, I am not convinced Mr.  Clayton is up to this task, and therefore, I cannot vote to confirm  him.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose the confirmation of Jay  Clayton to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   When the stock market crashed in 1929, public confidence in the  markets plummeted as well. Investors large and small lost their life's  savings. Congress responded with laws to help rebuild public faith in  the markets. Thus in the wake of the Great Depression, Congress created  the Securities and Exchange Commission to protect investors and  maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets.   Congress designed the SEC to see that investors and the markets have  reliable information and clear rules for honest dealing. The SEC's job  is to make sure that brokers, dealers, and exchanges put investors'  interests first. The SEC ensures that companies offering securities for  investment tell the public the truth about their businesses, the  securities they are selling, and the risks involved.   Congress took pains to create the SEC to have some distance from Wall  Street. The law provides that no Commissioner can engage in any  business or employment other than serving as Commissioner. The law  prohibits any Commissioner from participating in any stock transactions  of a type that the Commission regulates.   Mr. Clayton has extensive experience working in capital markets. He  has represented a long list of financial firms. His numerous conflicts  may make him captive to the industry that President Trump nominated him  to police. One of his better-known clients is Goldman Sachs. The  Department of Justice found that Goldman Sachs falsely assured  investors that sound  [[Page S2671]]  mortgages backed securities that Goldman sold, when Goldman knew that  these securities were full of mortgages that were likely to fail.   During his confirmation hearing, I asked Mr. Clayton about Goldman  Sachs' $5 billion settlement with the Department of Justice. I asked  Mr. Clayton if he felt that Goldman Sachs had been engaged in shady  practices, but Mr. Clayton said only that he felt the case stood on its  own. I cannot comprehend why Mr. Clayton demurred on this topic. We  should all be able to agree that if a firm pays $5 billion in a  settlement, it was engaged in shady practices, to say the least.   Duriing Mr. Clayton's confirmation hearing, he said that he is ``100  percent committed to rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our  financial system.'' If he is confirmed, I hope he stands by that  pledge.   The SEC, investors, and the American people need an independent  voice. They need a politically independent voice, as well as a voice  that can be independent enough to make tough enforcement decisions  about the financial firms it regulates. I have serious doubts that Mr.  Clayton can be that voice; thus I oppose his nomination.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   