 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I want to begin, Mr. Speaker, by responding to the gentleman from  Texas, who began this debate by saying how this was a continuation of  an ongoing effort by Republicans to promote progrowth tax reform in  particular.   I want to be very clear, Mr. Speaker. The proposal that is currently  before this House with respect to the tax changes is a tax scam. It is  not a tax plan. It is a scam. It gives $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to the  wealthiest Americans, the biggest corporations, and the millionaires  and billionaires. It increases taxes on tens of millions of middle  class families. It pays for this big gift back to corporations and  billionaires and millionaires by deep cuts in Medicare, Medicaid,  infrastructure spending, education--the things that actually create  jobs.   It creates additional incentives to ship American jobs overseas,  creates incentives for American companies to take jobs here and ship  them overseas, not to keep them here in our own country. It is another  maybe more robust example of trickle-down economics. It has failed  before. It will fail again.   The American people might have the benefit of understanding this more  completely if there were actually a process where this was debated,  witnesses testified, and experts came in to talk about the implications  of this. But this is being done in the dark of night, at the speed of  light so the American people won't find out what is about to happen to  them. So the idea of describing this as progrowth in this context, both  with the provisions and the process, seems, to me, laughable.   Let me just give the American people a couple of examples:   It denies individuals the right to deduct State and local taxes but  preserves that right for corporations;   It denies the worker who is forced to leave his home and move because  his employer is moving--either do that or he loses his job--from  deducting the cost of moving, but it preserves the right of a company  who is offshoring jobs overseas to take a deduction for the cost of  moving those American jobs overseas.   Those are just two examples. So this isn't a progrowth tax policy.  This is trickle-down economics designed to let the people at the very  top hold onto more of their money and corporations to keep more of  their profits in the hope that it will trickle down to the rest of the  American people.   It doesn't work. It doesn't represent a progrowth tax policy. It is a  tax scam, and so I want to just correct the record, Mr. Speaker, with  all due respect to the gentleman from Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, in addition to that, to express my strong  opposition to H.R. 2201, the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act.   In light of the devastating 2008 financial crisis and the regulatory  weaknesses revealed by the Wells Fargo and Equifax scandals, we should  be considering legislation that will bolster consumer and investor  protections; but today, instead, we are considering H.R. 2201, which  will enable abusive financial practices.   Generally, a company that seeks to make public offerings must  register them with the Securities and Exchange Commission or must fit  into one of several exceptions that are designed to balance investor  protections with regulatory burdens on smaller companies. This  legislation would allow so-called microcap offerings, offerings valued  at $500,000 or less in a single year to be sold to 35 or fewer  investors, subject only to the requirement that each investor have a  substantive preexisting relationship with the company.   Despite the similarity of these provisions to some restrictions  currently imposed on unregistered security offerings, H.R. 2201 omits  several critical investor protections that are characteristic of  existing exemptions. In particular, microcap offerings would be exempt  from important regulatory protections set up in the 1933 Securities  Act, including registration, disclosure, and fraud protections.   Oversight in the smaller offering space such as the one proposed in  H.R. 2201 is important because the SEC has found fraud in the microcap  stock markets is of increasing concern to regulators, as such markets  have proven to be fertile grounds for fraud and abuse.   Without core protections, H.R. 2201 would leave investors vulnerable  to an array of investment scams and abuses, with unsophisticated  investors particularly at risk. For example, the bill has no  restriction on resale. In the past, failure to restrict the resale of  unregistered securities has exposed secondary investors to fraudulent  pump-and-dump schemes, as the gentlewoman from California mentioned.   Additionally, groups like Americans for Financial Reform, Center for  American Progress, and Public Citizen oppose H.R. 2201 because it would  enable a type of investment scam known as affinity fraud. In these  schemes, scam artists prey upon members of identifiable groups, such as  ethnic or religious communities or the elderly, often by enlisting  respected community or religious members to help convince victims that  a dubious investment is legitimate. The proliferation of affinity fraud  in low-income communities demonstrates that H.R. 2201's preexisting  relationship requirement would not provide safeguards against such  abuse.  [[Page H8672]]    Given existing exemptions for smaller companies would provide ample  opportunity for companies to raise capital while also protecting  investors, H.R. 2201 is, at best, unnecessary. This bill would simply  create a loophole that undermines protections against the kind of  financial abuses and recklessness that we have already seen damage our  financial system and hurt people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2201.   I thank the gentlewoman again for yielding.   