 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman Waters, the  ranking member. Oftentimes in this body, we talk about leadership.  Leadership is what Congresswoman Waters did after Hurricanes Katrina  and Rita; but, more importantly, 4 years ago, when the threat of new  flood policies were going to make people pay the cost of their home  every 5 years, we were talking about paying 20 percent of the value of  your home in flood insurance every year, she came down to Louisiana and  met with Louisiana citizens. She didn't come to the urban areas,  although she passed through, but she went to the rural areas, talked to  middle-income families to figure out how flood insurance reform would  hurt them.  [[Page H9233]]    What she found out is that it was going to cause more families to  just turn in the keys to their house and give their homes back to the  mortgage company or declare bankruptcy so that they can just get by.   This bill is a lot better than the bill that was in committee, and I  want to thank the chairman and my colleagues from Louisiana, Mr.  Scalise and Mr. Graves, for making it a better bill. But when we are  talking about homeowners, the most responsible people in society who  have now purchased their piece of the American Dream, when you have  people who played by the rules, bought the home of their dreams, you  don't change the rules halfway to say: Hey, we know this was the rule  when you bought the House, but now it has changed, and all of a sudden  that $500 in insurance you pay a month is now $1,500.   That is not responsible, it is not fair, and we are picking on  homeowners.   I would just say to my friends on the other side of the aisle that  the bill is better, but it is not worthy of the American taxpayer or  the American homeowner.   We keep talking about the private market. They are going to pick and  choose where they want to insure, and then, all of a sudden, you are  left with a high-risk pool, where homeowners who work every day are  stuck with costs that they just can't afford.   I would simply say that this is something we really could do, in this  atmosphere, in a bipartisan way, because it is the right thing to do.   With all the good things in the bill, the problems--the bad outweighs  the good.   I would just remind my friends on the other side of the aisle, the  community that you save may be your own.   