 Mr. Speaker, I remain committed to a two-state  solution, where a Jewish state of Israel and a Palestinian state can  co-exist in peace. The best path to ultimately achieving this peace is  through direct, bilateral negotiations between Israel and the  Palestinians, not imposed solutions by international organizations.  Instead of this Administration concluding its strong Israel record with  the single largest pledge of military assistance in U.S. history, it  chose to end on a perplexing note by choosing not to veto United  Nations Security Council Resolution 2334.   The expansion of settlements in occupied territory has been long  recognized on a bipartisan basis and in U.S. policy for decades as  doing little to improve the confidence of Arabs that a final outcome  can be freely and fairly negotiated. United Nations action does not  help advance the cause of peace, nor does it bring about direct  negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians so they might resolve  their complicated differences and find a much needed, lasting two-state  solution, which I have supported my entire career.   Any action, whether coming from the United Nations or the Congress,  must provide a complete picture of the facts on the ground and full  appreciation for the challenges confronting all sides. Like the one- sided resolution from the United Nations Security Council, H. Res. 11  too ignores the reality of the conditions on the ground. While I don't  believe either resolution is balanced, I am voting in favor of H. Res.  11 to express my displeasure with the actions of the UN, which make  direct negotiations all the more difficult to resume. I will continue  to speak out in support of efforts that lay the foundation for peace in  the Middle East and vigorously oppose those that undermine a lasting  two state solution.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the  previous question is ordered on the resolution and on the preamble.   The question is on the resolution.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   