 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that  would create an exception in the legislation for consent decrees or  settlement agreements entered into pursuant to the Meese policy.   For those unfamiliar, the Meese policy prohibits the Department of  Justice from undertaking a regulatory action through a settlement. More  specifically, the Meese policy directs departments and agencies not to  enter into a consent decree if it would act as a so-called end run,  around the regular rulemaking process or constrain an agency head from  exercising its discretionary authority in the future.   Any departure from these rules must be approved by the Attorney  General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Associate Attorney General  beforehand.   Edwin Meese, the former Attorney General for the Reagan  administration, wrote a memo articulating this policy in 1986, out of a  concern for the abuse of settlements by agencies. Now, the Department  of Justice later codified it in 1991, in the Code of Federal  Regulations.  [[Page H8206]]    Simply put, there is a law already on the books that prevents the  Department of Justice or other agencies from abusing consent decrees  and settlement agreements used by Federal agencies, and it is working.   In February of this year, the Government Accountability Office, the  GAO, determined that Department officials negotiating settlement terms  are covered by the Meese policy. The GAO's report noted that any  settlement would only include a commitment to perform an action already  mandated by law.   So if you are scoring along at home, what I am saying is this: there  is a needless overlap between this bill that we are considering, H.R.  469, and the Meese policy in regard to the scope of settlements. There  is also redundancy with existing laws in terms of protecting the  interests of third parties.   If I may be so bold, I would like to say that persons with only a  nodding acquaintance with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure already  know that Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 24 allows affected parties to  intervene in litigation if they feel their interests are not properly  represented in the case.   Moreover, even if a rule was promulgated by a settlement agreement,  the Administrative Procedure Act would still mandate notice-and-comment  procedures for the rule. Simply put, this is a bill that is a solution  in search of a problem, and my amendment underscores that fact.   If I may be so bold, I would like to say that here in America we have  actual real problems that merit our attention here in this House, such  as why we haven't had an infrastructure bill leading to high-paying  American jobs. We need actual solutions to actual problems, not  theoretical ones like in this bill. That is why I have offered this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, to conclude, H.R. 469's proponents  offer no evidence that there actually is a sue and settle problem or  that agencies are not currently complying with the Meese memo. The GAO  has already said they are. My amendment simply makes clear that this  bill is unnecessary, and, as such, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   