 Mr. Speaker, one of the worst things that can  happen to any of us is to lose their voice, and I have lost mine. I  know some of the Democrats are glad about that.   But I want to say this on behalf of the SAFER Act. There are, in our  country, on shelves, in warehouses, and in law enforcement office  buildings rape kits that have never been examined. That is shameful.  And everybody is to blame, from the Federal Government to local  government.   It is shameful because victims--and I knew a lot of them at the  courthouse as a judge--don't know who committed this crime against  them, and we have the ability to tell them, but we don't because of  bureaucratic incompetence. These haven't been examined. They have the  right to know who sexually assaulted them.   Also, there are criminals running loose, who have never been  prosecuted, because these rape kits have never been analyzed. And, yes,  there are people incarcerated who are innocent, and the rape kit can  prove their innocence. It is important that we pass the SAFER Act. Get  those sexual assault kits analyzed. There are no more excuses.   Mr. Speaker, in 1984, Michelle was raped at knifepoint by two men who  broke into her home.   They blindfolded her, tied her up with a phone cord, and gagged tit  her before sexually assaulting her.   During the assault, they laughed and bragged that they had been  getting away with committing this crime for seven years.   Much to Michelle's surprise, they left without ending her life. But  hers would now be a life filled with suffering and fear. Michelle  called the police and had a rape kit taken.   She hoped that by achieving justice against her attackers she would  find some measure of peace and closure.   Michelle waited for the results, but she waited in vain.   The backlog of untested kits was too large, so her kit was never  tested.   Over the next years, while her rape kit sat collecting dust on a  shelf, break-ins and rapes continued to happen in her neighborhood.   She was in constant fear that her attackers were still on the loose.   Not only does the inability to test rape kits deny victims justice,  it also puts the safety of other innocent people in jeopardy by keeping  criminals on the streets.   To address this issue, Congresswoman Maloney and I introduced the  Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Reporting Act or SAFER Act, which was  signed into law in 2013.   This bill provides funds to states and localities to increase rape  kit testing and expand forensic lab capacities.   In the years since SAFER's enactment there has been progress, but  there are still hundreds of thousands of untested rape kits across the  nation.   SAFER was slated to expire at the end of this year, but thankfully,  with bipartisan support, Congress has secured its re-authorization and  continued existence.   This legislation will continue to reduce the national rape kit  backlog and help victims achieve justice.   I want to thank Senator Cornyn who has worked with me on SAFER for  many years.   And I want to thank the Chairman for bringing this bill to the floor.  I applaud its passage here today.   And that is just the way it is.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, to my good friend from Texas, I am just a measure above  your lost voice. I am suffering from somewhat of the same thing, but I  have a little bit of a voice, so I can say thank you, again, for your  very hard work on this legislation as a former judge in Harris County  on the criminal bench. I know you saw injustices because rape kits had  not been processed.   I believe, as the chair and co-chair of the Congressional Children's  Caucus and the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism,  Homeland Security, and Investigations, that we went through this as  well. I was very pleased that the Justice Department understood the  importance of grants to help our local law enforcement, but, more  importantly, that the Judiciary Committee understood the importance of  this legislation to really move forward to process kits.   Can you imagine, Mr. Speaker, children having a backlog of kits that  have been subjected to sexual assault--the most dastardly act and  violence--not only against adults, but against children, like 3-month- olds, or toddlers, by sick people who sexually assault them.   So the development and implementation of policies and procedures by  the National Institutes of Health leads to more timely submission of  evidence to forensic laboratories, enhances communications and  investigative procedures, promotes better informed prosecutorial  decisionmaking, and, as my friend said, it helps the accused and the  accuser. These approaches are the most important because they get  victim participation.   Victims of sexual assault require justice that is swift, thorough,  and expedient so they may begin to heal and attempt to put the pieces  of their lives back together. They deserve the best efforts of law  enforcement to help them along the way.   When Houston was trying to rebuild its rape testing structure, we  utilized the FBI. And I want to take a moment to thank the FBI for its  deep abiding integrity and honesty and how it comes to the rescue of so  many jurisdictions, local law enforcement. Let us be very clear on how  important it is to maintain the integrity and the respect for the FBI,  as opposed to demeaning the FBI. Today, on the floor of the House, I  want to thank them for their service.   So this legislation would reauthorize the SAFER Act, provide funding  to conduct 1-year audits of untested sexual assault evidence, and  ensure that law enforcement agencies across the country are trained and  armed with the skills and tools they require to stand against sexual  assault and stand for those individuals who might be victimized.   The SAFER Act would also ensure that forensic nurses are eligible for  training under the program. These professionals are indispensable. Our  citizens deserve to be protected and remain free from harm. Our  children, women, and men, who are sexually assaulted, deserve to be  protected, but their cases must move expeditiously.  [[Page H10364]]    Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important legislation, as we continue to stand for victims and against  the viciousness of sexual crimes of any kind, protect them, and bring  the perpetrators to justice. I ask for a ``yes'' vote for this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1766, the ``Sexual Assault  Forensic Evidence Reporting'' or the (SAFER) Act of 2017.''   This bipartisan legislation passed the Senate October 23, 2017.   S. 1766 will reauthorize the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of  2000 through the year 2022, by amending the language in section 2(c)(4)  of the (34 U.S.C. 40701(c)(4)).   Furthermore, this legislation also amends Section 304(c)(2) of the  DNA Sexual Assault Justice Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 40723(c)(2)) by  ensuring that role of forensic nurses pertains to both adult and  pediatric care.   The SAFER Act also amends this statute by making a provision after  ``elder abuse'' for the need of nurse examiners, particularly, where  there is the need for pediatric sexual assault nurse examiners,  including such nurse examiners working in the multidisciplinary  setting, in responding to abuse of both children and adolescents''.   Finally, this legislation will sunset through 2023 by amending  Section 1006 of the SAFER Act of 2013 (34 U.S.C. 40701 note).   The SAFER Act is a critical program administered by the U.S.  Department of Justice that allows:   Local law enforcement programs to obtain funding for programs to  reduce the rape kit backlog in communities across the country.   Victims of sexual assault get justice more quickly than in the past.   35% of funds available under the Debbie Smith Act for grants to local  law enforcement agencies to focus more resources on rape kit testing.   5%-7% of the Debbie Smith Act funding to be used by local  jurisdictions to conduct one-year audits of untested sexual assault  evidence to identify serious areas of backlog.   Forensic testing to be done by both pediatric and adult sexual  assault nurse examiners.   This is a very important measure that will address the large volume  of cases that fester due to the excessive back log in our processing of  rape kits.   According to the National Institute of Justice, a multidisciplinary,  victim-centered approach and standardized, efficient evidence  processing in sexual assault cases are the focus of its new report.   The report, National Best Practices for Sexual Assault Kits, outlines  35 suggestions for laboratories and law enforcement to improve their  sexual assault investigations, tackling issues such as evidence  collection, storage and maintenance; backlog tracking & processing;  victim advocacy and notification; and sensitivity to trauma in sexual  assault victims.   A working group--consisting of victims and victim advocates, sexual  assault nurse examiners and medical examiners, forensic laboratories,  law enforcement agencies, prosecutors and members of the judiciary-- developed the suggestions over a two-year period following the Sexual  Assault Forensic Evidence Reporting (SAFER) Act of 2013, a component of  the Violence Against Women Act.   A victim centered approach is the focus on the needs and concerns of  a victim to ensure the compassionate and sensitive delivery of services  in a nonjudgmental manner. A trauma-informed approach considers the  impact of trauma and victim safety considerations.   Utilizing both approaches in the development and implementation of  policies and procedures leads to more timely submission of evidence to  forensic laboratories, enhances communications and investigative  procedures, promotes better informed prosecutorial decision-making, and  ultimately may reduce re-traumatization of victims by the criminal  justice system.   In fact, these approaches are more likely to increase victim  participation and thereby, support more complete investigations,  increasing the overall likelihood of successful prosecutions.''   For these reasons, I support this bill.   Victims of sexual assault require justice that is swift, thorough,  and expedient, so that they may begin to heal and attempt to put the  pieces of their lives back together. They deserve the best efforts of  law enforcement to help them along the way.   This legislation would reauthorize the SAFER Act, provide funding to  conduct one-year audits of untested sexual assault evidence, and ensure  that law enforcement agencies across the country are trained and armed  with the skills and tools they require to stand against sexual assault,  and stand for those individuals who might be victimized.   The SAFER Act would also ensure that forensic nurses are eligible for  training under the program. These professionals perform indispensable  functions within the investigation of sexual abuse cases. They also  provide specialized care and attention to children, youth, and the  elderly, who are sexually abused. This legislation would help local  authorities make certain that state and local forensic nurses are fully  capable of providing such an important service to child victims.   Our citizens deserve to be protected and remain free from harm. We  have a responsibility to do all that we can during those unfortunate  times where one of them might be victimized.   Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important legislation as we continue to stand for victims and against  sexual crimes of any kind.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   