 Mr. Speaker, this act jeopardizes American families'  ability to afford health insurance.   The so-called Verify First Act would require a new verification  process of an individual's Social Security number before he or she can  receive any tax credit for health coverage, either under the ACA or  under the disastrous House-passed TrumpCare bill.   This bill does nothing to address the reality that more than 23  million Americans would lose health insurance under the Republican  healthcare legislation; nor does it address the harm caused by cutting  $800 billion from Medicaid by eliminating the expansion  [[Page H4879]]  for moderate-income workers and by imposing per capita caps on program  spending; and it does nothing to address higher premiums for older  workers and discrimination against Americans with preexisting  conditions that will occur under the TrumpCare bill that this  legislation is amending.   Instead, this bill takes that one step further by making it harder  for children, including newborns and survivors of domestic violence and  sex trafficking, to obtain a tax credit for purchasing their own health  coverage. Under the legislation, Social Security numbers would be  required before receiving a tax credit, and it prohibits the use of an  individual taxpayer identification number, which those without a Social  Security number use to file their tax returns.   Mr. Speaker, as has already been said, there are already protections  built into the law to ensure that tax credits are issued to qualifying  individuals. Under current law, eligibility for tax credits is verified  when an individual applies to enroll in coverage. The eligibility is  then subject to a secondary verification process that identifies  ineligible individuals and terminates their coverage. This system  strikes a balance between rigorously verifying eligibility, while also  ensuring that eligible individuals are not subject to financial  hardship because of red tape.   Mr. Speaker, this bill would make it more difficult for American  families to access affordable healthcare. I oppose this bill, and I  urge my colleagues to do the same.   