 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his long work in this field, not just the last 2 years  but, really, a lifetime in this space. I commend him for that work.  Also, with mental health issues, he has been helping educate Congress  about moving toward solutions.   My colleague has outlined the scope of the national problem we have,  and each of us can talk about our respective districts and what has  been going on there.   In my district, just over the border from my colleague's, western  Pennsylvania has been especially hard hit. In Beaver County, we saw 102  overdose deaths related to opioids in 2016, up from 30 in 2013. In  Cambria County, we lost 94 people to overdose deaths in 2016, a  startling 62 percent increase from 2015.   The stories just keep coming. A story of the mother who lost her 10th  child, her youngest child, to this epidemic, who insisted that the  words ``damn heroin'' be put in her son's obituary. Or the couple we  learned about before Christmas, who overdosed, and 3 days later their  infant died from neglect, all three being found 4 days after that.   Mr. Speaker, it is all hands on deck to address this crisis. We are  coming together at the Federal, State, and community level to develop a  comprehensive strategy to stop this epidemic and to share best  practices at every level. That is what a big part of our Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act, passed last year, was all about--an  important first step.   Another asset we have, Mr. Speaker, is the Office of National Drug  Control Policy. This week, I led a bipartisan group of my colleagues,  in a letter to President Trump requesting that the Director of the  Office of National Drug Control Policy be re-elevated to a Cabinet- level position.   Since its inception, this Office has played a central and critical  role in fighting drug trafficking and drug addiction. Both the Office  of National  [[Page H5225]]  Drug Control Policy and its Director have played, and should continue  to play, a central role in this effort.   The Office was created in 1988 with the Anti-Drug Abuse Act. Its  mission is to fight the Nation's drug problem through three areas:  prevention, addiction recovery, and enforcement.   The Office's Director, commonly referred to as the ``drug czar,'' was  elevated to the Cabinet in 1993 by President Clinton, who wanted to  raise the Office's profile in order to coordinate and emphasize  legislative efforts on the Hill. More importantly, he wanted to focus  and emphasize efforts within the administration for the antidrug  efforts of the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement  Administration, the Department of Education, and the Department of  Health and Human Services. The Obama administration removed the Office  from the position it had in the Cabinet.   When it comes to drug addiction as well as to the illicit drug trade  occurring across our southern border, the challenges have never been  greater. This is no time to retreat in our efforts, and it is time to  restore the Office of National Drug Control Policy to the Cabinet.   The Office is a very important part of the fight against the opioid  epidemic, particularly because it plays a crucial role in coordinating  efforts at various levels of government. In addition to the legislation  that we are passing here in Congress, the administration has a crucial  role to play, as do leaders at the State and local level.    We all want to end this crisis, and this common cause unites us,  perhaps more than any other issue, across party and partisan lines.   Again, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for giving me this  opportunity, and I thank him for his work in this area.   