 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. Thornberry, and  the committee for their diligent work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this NDAA conference report.  I applaud this bill's goal to improve the readiness level of our  military which has been depleted of critical resources after many years  of defending this country.   Not only does this legislation begin to rebuild our forces, it  includes a long overdue pay raise for our troops.   I applaud the bill's reforms to improve the military healthcare  system and make sure taxpayer resources are used appropriately.   I especially want to highlight the current situation in Afghanistan,  which needs drastic improvement. Shoring up Afghani security forces is  only part of a short-term solution. We need a long-term strategy that  brings stability to Afghanistan as well as the entire region. The NDAA  directs Secretary Mattis to develop such a 5-year strategy. This is a  good step, and I urge the military to continue thinking long term.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this report.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for the 21st Century  Flood Reform Act.   I commend my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for their  hard work on this important bill, and I urge all Members to support its  passage.   As we all know, this hurricane season brought flooding and  devastation to many parts of the country. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and  Maria added even more debt to the National Flood Insurance Program,  leading to a taxpayer bailout of $16 billion. That is $16 billion taken  from the pockets of hardworking Americans. Unless Congress passes the  21st Century Flood Reform Act, we will, once again, have to bail out  this program.   The NFIP, as it currently operates, is structurally unsound. This  bill will help to prevent future bailouts by authorizing the NFIP to  build up its reserves. It will also prioritize mitigation efforts and  encourage the NFIP to engage in actuarially sound practices.   Of course, this effort is not solely focused on taxpayer protection.  Homeowners, too, will benefit from the 21st Century Flood Reform Act.   This bill crucially fosters the development of a private market for  flood insurance. This will provide consumers with better options and  more competitive prices.   My own State's former insurance commissioner testified in front of  our committee last year in support of this idea after seeing benefits  of private sector involvement. Commissioner Miller said:   ``In Pennsylvania, competition is proving to be good for consumers. .  . .''   ``We are finding in many cases that private carriers are willing to  offer comparable coverage at substantially lower cost than the NFIP.''   Mr. Speaker, this is good for the people of western Pennsylvania and  it is the right policy for homeowners across the country.   I also want to thank Chairman Duffy for incorporating my amendment  concerning Amish communities into the final bill. The Amish and similar  religious communities have a tradition, informed by their religious  obligations, of paying for community losses through mutual aid  societies. My amendment to this bill accommodates those communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   