 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume consideration of the Erickson nomination.    Mr. President, one of the Senate Republicans' most  important priorities for the rest of this year is passing comprehensive  tax reform. Why? Because comprehensive tax reform is perhaps the single  most important thing we can do to get our economy back on the path to  long-term health. Comprehensive tax reform done right will boost jobs.  It will increase wages. It will provide much needed tax relief for  middle-income taxpayers and families. It will help businesses reinvest  in their operations, employees, and new products. And most importantly,  it will help us achieve strong, consistent economic growth.   Over the past few weeks, leaders from the House, Senate, and White  House have been meeting to develop the framework for the tax reform  bill we will take up later this year. This morning, they unveiled that  framework. The framework supports Republicans' five principles for tax  reform: providing tax relief for the middle class; increasing wages,  jobs, and economic growth;  [[Page S6180]]  keeping good-paying jobs here at home; increasing American  competitiveness in the global economy; and simplifying the Tax Code.   The framework released today emphasizes tax relief for the middle  class.   First and foremost, we are going to ensure that working families  receive a much needed increase in take-home pay. Right now, 50 percent  of families are living paycheck to paycheck, while one-third of people  across this country say they are just $400 away from a financial  crisis. That is not acceptable.   Our tax reform plan will ensure that these families are no longer  left behind. Our plan will increase the standard deduction, which will  provide tax relief to those families who need it the most. It will also  enhance the child tax credit, and I don't need to tell anyone that the  important work of raising a family is getting more and more expensive.  It is time for hard-working families to get a break with a larger child  tax credit. Finally, we will be lowering the rates on middle-class  families. By collapsing the seven income tax brackets to three, we will  ensure that working families get to keep more of what they earn.   Second, our tax plan will increase wages, jobs, and economic growth  by lowering taxes and improving cost recovery for American businesses  and job creators. The framework released today lays out a goal of a 20- percent corporate tax rate. Right now, our corporate tax rate is the  highest in the developed world. Our competitors pay an average rate of  22.5 percent, while U.S. companies face a 35-percent tax rate. That is  a big problem. Our uncompetitive tax rate has driven companies to move  their headquarters and jobs overseas and led to wage stagnation and a  lack of opportunity for American workers. Lowering the corporate rate  will create jobs and increase wages for working families across the  country.   An equally important priority laid out in the framework is lower tax  rates for small businesses, farms, and ranches. Like bigger businesses,  small businesses--from partnerships to S corporations--currently face  high tax rates, at times even exceeding those paid by large  corporations. Lowering tax rates for these businesses and creating a  new maximum passthrough rate will allow a business to reinvest more of  its earnings in successful operations. In short, it will help these job  creators thrive. The Republican tax plan will also allow for  unprecedented expensing. Allowing small businesses to recover their  costs more quickly will free up capital and allow them to grow and to  create jobs.   The framework released today also shows how we are going to meet our  goal of making America more competitive and keeping those good-paying  jobs here at home. A key part of keeping good-paying jobs here at home  is making the United States an attractive place to do business by  reforming our outdated worldwide tax system. Having a worldwide tax  system means that American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they  make here at home as well as on some or all of the profit they make  abroad, once they bring that money back to the United States. The  problem with this is that American companies are already paying taxes  to foreign governments on the money they make abroad. Then, when they  bring that money home, they too often end up having to pay taxes again  on part of those profits and at the highest tax rate in the  industrialized world. It is no surprise that this discourages  businesses from bringing their profits back to the United States to  invest in their domestic operations, new jobs, and increased wages.   Between 1983 and 2003, when the U.S. tax rate was much more  competitive with those of other countries, there were 29 corporate  inversions where U.S. companies moved abroad. Between 2003 and 2014,  when other countries were dropping their corporate tax rates and  shifting to territorial tax systems, there were 47 such inversions.   Our tax plan addresses this drag on our economy by moving from our  outdated worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. By shifting  to a territorial tax system here in the United States--a move, I might  add, that is supported by Members of both parties--we will eliminate  the double taxation that encourages companies to send their investments  and their operations overseas. Combine that with a reduction in our  high corporate tax rate, and we can provide a strong incentive for U.S.  companies to invest their profits at home in American jobs and American  workers instead of abroad.   We will also simplify our Tax Code. Each year, Americans spend 2.6  billion hours filling out complicated individual tax forms. Not only is  this a drag on our economy, it is an annual frustration and burden for  hard-working families. The goal of our tax reform plan is to let  American families complete their taxes on something as simple as a  postcard.   Lower rates, fewer tax brackets, and a generally simplified code will  end the complicated mess that too many families face every tax season.   We will continue to develop the details of this framework in the  coming weeks as we work toward a final draft of our comprehensive tax  reform bill. I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues in the  Senate Finance Committee as we work to put our country on the path  toward long-term economic health and the jobs, increased wages, and  opportunities that come along with it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   