 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend and  distinguished colleague from the State of Louisiana  [[Page H9362]]  for his strong leadership and for hosting us this evening, this Special  Order, on such an important issue.   Madam Speaker, tax reform in west Texas and in rural America is about  giving our hardworking and middle class families a break in allowing  them to keep more of their hard-earned money. According to the  nonpartisan Tax Foundation, our plan would increase wages by over 3  percent, create roughly 1 million new jobs, and raise the after-tax  income of the average middle-income family by nearly $2,600.   It is about simplifying the Tax Code and reducing the burden on  taxpayers so that they don't have to spend a combined almost 9 billion  hours and $100 billion just to prepare their taxes every year. Under  our plan, 9 out of 10 Americans, as my colleague mentioned, will be  able to file their taxes on a form as simple as a postcard.   It is about getting off the backs of our job creators, which are our  small businesses, and letting them create more jobs for their  communities. Our plan would reduce the tax rate on our Main Street job  creators to the lowest it has been since World War II.   It is about making America competitive again by leveling the playing  field for American producers and manufacturers.   Our plan would lower the corporate tax rate and bring jobs back to  America, and it would also boost the average American household income  by $4,000 and, in some studies, as high as $9,000.   It is about giving our family farmers and ranchers a reason to invest  in new tractors and equipment, combines and cotton strippers, so they  can do what they have been doing: be more productive even at feeding  and clothing the American people.   This plan allows our farmers and ranchers, as well as our small  businesses, the ability to write off the full cost of new technology  and equipment immediately, and it is about eliminating the duplicative,  unfair, and un-American death tax that prevents family farmers,  ranchers, and small-business owners from passing down their hard-earned  American Dream to the next generation after they paid taxes on it their  entire lives.   Today, more than 70 percent--listen to this--more than 70 percent of  family businesses don't make it to the second generation; 90 percent  don't survive to the third generation. That is unacceptable.   Tomorrow, Madam Speaker, marks an historic moment, the likes of which  we haven't seen in over 30 years, to change the current economic  trajectory of this country and restore freedom and opportunity for all  hardworking American families. Let's seize it. Let's deliver on our  promise, and let's give much-deserved relief to the American people and  a much-needed boost to the American economy.   