 Mr. President, I have a rare privilege and honor right  now. A lot of times, the Presiding Officer and I come to the well to  make speeches that we have to, that we ought to, or that somebody  wanted us to. Rarely do we have the opportunity to come to the well of  the Senate and speak about an individual from our own State whom we  know personally who is impeccable in their reputation, has served  America in many ways, and has now been appointed to a job that is  essential to the health, safety, and welfare of the American people. I  speak of Christopher Wray of Georgia.   Christopher Wray is my friend. Christopher Wray worked for the law  firm of King & Spalding, the same one Griffin Bell, Larry Thompson, and  Sam Nunn worked for--a great law firm with a tie to our government and  our country.   At a time for an appointment to be the great one, this is the time.  We know there have been issues from time to time with the FBI. We all  know we are looking for somebody who can do the job and do it well, in  a fair and impartial way, without any question of impropriety.  Christopher Wray is exactly that type of person.   He is the person who helped convict Zacarias Moussaoui and  coordinated with local law enforcement in the prosecution of the  Washington, DC, snipers who terrorized our city for so long. He is a  dedicated and committed prosecutor.   He has been selected many times to work for the Department of  Justice. He went to the Department of Justice under Larry Thompson as  an assistant. He worked there at the same time as Griffin Bell. He also  worked during many of the investigations into the terrorists who  attacked America. He is the right man at the right time in the right  place.   So if ever there were a time----    I am happy to yield to the minority leader.    Put an exclamation point after that.    Mr. President, I know when it is a good time for me to  shut up. When the minority leader has come to the floor to endorse the  guy I am talking about, the last thing I want to do is wear it out.   Let me end my remarks by saying that Christopher Wray is the type of  person Chuck Schumer wants, the type of person I want, and the type of  person we are looking for as the chief law enforcement officer of our  country. He will make himself proud, he will make our State proud, and  he will do the right thing at the right time in all places for the  people of the United States of America.   I urge every Member of the Senate to heartily vote in support of  Christopher Wray to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation  for the United States of America.   I yield back.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I yield back all time on our side and  their side as well.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   