 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the American  Health Care Act.   ObamaCare has failed, and we need to replace it. It has made health  care inaccessible for many of the Americans it was created to help. Our  premiums have skyrocketed, small business growth has been stunted as it  can't expand due to health care regulations, and employees have seen  their hours cut. Individuals are forced to purchase healthcare coverage  they do not want.   Over the past 2 years, I have met with many Nebraskans in my  district. I keep hearing about the broken promises of ObamaCare and the  tight stranglehold this law has created for the American people. I have  heard from a young mother who had to pay for the whole bill of the  delivery of her child. The ACA plan she was on had a $12,000  deductible, and that plan didn't help her one cent.   Another citizen from Omaha, Jeanine, was happy with her healthcare  insurance for decades. Five years ago, she was paying $323 a month and  was satisfied with the coverage she had. Four years ago, she was told  by her insurance company that she would have to pay more because she  would need additional coverage, like maternity coverage, even though  she was past that stage in her life. Two years ago, that insurance plan  of Jeanine's jumped to $690 a month--double.   However, her health insurance company had another policy under ACA  which she could switch to. She did so for $150 a month with a $550  credit. At least, she had that plan until her insurance company dropped  that ACA policy and sent Jeanine searching for another policy. Now  Jeanine is on an ACA policy that covers her primary doctor but not her  dentist or her pharmacy. All Jeanine wants is a healthcare plan that  fits her needs. She does not want the Federal Government telling her  what coverage she must purchase.   Imagine for just a second that you have been happy for decades with a  product you use, and one day the government comes in and tells you that  you don't know what is best for you. They force you to pay more, and in  return you get something that doesn't work. ACA is like the government  telling you that you need to buy an expensive, fast, shiny sports car  with all the bells and whistles, when all you wanted was a less  expensive economy car to get you around town. But later you find out  that that fancy sports car is actually a lemon.   That is exactly what happened to Jeanine and countless other  Americans when ObamaCare forced them to coverage they did not want or  need. This is more than a failed system. It is wrong to the core, and  this is what the American Health Care Act is designed to fix.   The American Health Care Act is a step in the right direction, and we  are fulfilling our promises to repair the problems that ACA has left  us. This legislation repeals major flaws of ObamaCare, such as employer  and individual mandates, letting individuals choose what coverage is  best for them. Under this bill, health savings accounts will be  expanded and will give tax credits for those who buy their own  insurance to give them parity with those who get employer-provided  coverage tax free. These are things that I campaigned on and promised  to fight for, and they are in the bill.    The bill also gives States more control over their healthcare  policies, allowing for patient-centered health care and getting the  Federal bureaucrats out of the discussion. The American Health Care  Act, instead, allows for individuals to choose the health insurance  plans based on their needs and budget, allowing for Americans to have  greater access and to find a health plan that is right for them. The  CBO shows that it is going to lower those premiums by 10 percent. Now,  Nebraska had a 51 percent increase last year, Mr. Speaker. This plan is  going to lower premiums by 10 percent.   The American Health Care Act will reduce the deficit and cut taxes.  According to Monday's CBO score, this bill will reduce the Federal  deficit by $337 billion and lower taxes by $883 billion. That is good  for America.   Finally, the American Health Care Act does this and yet preserves  affordable insurance for those with preexisting conditions and  maintains a safety net for those who cannot pay premiums. These are  things that I also promised to fight for, and they are in the bill.   I look forward to working with my fellow House Members on both sides  of the aisle to deliver the best law for the American people. We are  going to be debating this bill for the next few weeks, and we are going  to make it better.   I am proud that this Congress and the Republican leadership have made  a commitment to passing this legislation in an open and transparent  process. This is a good first step toward fixing the mess of the ACA.   Before we vote on this, I encourage my colleagues and the American  people to carefully read the bill so they can find out what is in it.  Unlike ObamaCare, we don't have to pass this to find out what is in it.  We know now.   This is a great step forward, a patient-centered, doctor-supported  healthcare system that gives power back to the States and gets the  bureaucrat out of our healthcare decisions.   Thank you for the opportunity to speak on this.   