 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairwoman for yielding, and  for her leadership on our committee.   I rise today to offer my strong support for H.J. Res. 37. This  legislation is about protecting our Nation's workers, small businesses,  and taxpayers.   As a former labor and employment attorney, I have seen the maze that  businesses must jump through in order to become a Federal contractor.  Well, this rule would only make things that much harder for them.   This regulation, due to the price of compliance, could force small-  and medium-sized businesses, who can't afford to hire a massive legal  team, out of being able to get contracts with the Federal Government.   This rule will add subjectivity to the Federal procurement process  and deprive contractors of due process rights. As an attorney, I take  that threat very seriously.   We should be in the business of supporting policies to make it easier  for these kinds of businesses to get new work, not harder.   Now, Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues on the other side say this is  just about punishing bad actors. But this rule would require Federal  contractors to disclose even alleged violations of wrongdoing,  regardless of whether or not there is any credibility to the claims.  Right now, there are effective policies in place to prevent bad actors  and contractors that break the law from receiving government contracts.   This could be especially damaging for employers who are the target of  union organizing campaigns, or in a situation where a competitor files  a claim in an effort to gain a competitive advantage. It elevates the  risk of frivolous complaints and the loss of business.   Instead of muddying the water and making it harder for our Nation's  small- and medium-sized businesses, let's use the current framework,  not a new burdensome regulation, to enforce the law and hold any bad  actors accountable.   I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this resolution to  block an overreaching and counterproductive rule.   