 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Betsy DeVos to be the Secretary of Education. This is not a position I  take lightly. I have never opposed the confirmation of a nominee for  Secretary of Education. I also have never seen the intensity of  opposition to a nominee for this position as we have witnessed with  Mrs. DeVos.   Thousands of Rhode Islanders--educators, parents, community leaders-- have written or called to express their dismay that a person with Mrs.  DeVos's record and background would be chosen to lead the Department of  Education. What I have seen and heard about Mrs. DeVos leads me to  agree with my constituents--she is uniquely unsuited and unqualified  for this critical position.    The U.S. Secretary of Education oversees the Federal Government's  role in ensuring educational equity in our public schools regardless of  family income, race, ethnicity, language, or disability. Mrs. DeVos's  work has been in the opposite direction. She has dedicated her time,  political capital, and personal fortune to creating private sector  alternatives to public education.   She has also fought to shield those alternatives from the same  standards and accountability that apply to public schools. For example,  she spent a reported $1.45 million to reward or punish Michigan  legislators as part of her effort to kill an accountability plan that  would have included charter schools. This hostility to public schools  and affinity for using public dollars to fund private schools or for- profit education companies makes her, in my estimation, a poor choice  to lead the U.S. Department of Education.   Mrs. DeVos's crusade for vouchers raises another fundamental question  about whether she respects the separation between church and state.  This is a founding principle of our Nation. However, in the past, she  has talked about her education reform efforts in religious terms as  advancing God's Kingdom and reversing what she feels is a trend of  public schools displacing church in community life. In an  administration that has signaled a willingness to discriminate based on  religion,  [[Page S677]]  these views are cause for real concern and they have no place at the  U.S. Department of Education.   Mrs. DeVos's crusade for school choice in Michigan has been a failure  for students. Since 2000, student achievement in that State has fallen.  In 2000, Michigan students scored above the national average on the  National Assessment of Education Progress in fourth grade reading and  math. By 2015, they were below average.   As a single-issue educational reformer, Mrs. DeVos does not have the  breadth of knowledge necessary to oversee our national education policy  from preschool through adult education and postsecondary education. Her  policy solution for education is choice. As they say, when all you have  is a hammer, everything is a nail. This one-size-fits-all approach is a  real danger given the diversity of our students, our institutions, our  communities, and the different educational challenges across the  lifespan of individual Americans.   I know many parents and students and employers are worried about our  schools. I share that worry, and we need to do more, but Mrs. DeVos's  plan to eliminate those neighborhood schools rather than do the hard  work of repairing, renovating, and providing the supports that enable  all schools to be ready to learn at school is cause for alarm.   During her hearing, Mrs. DeVos displayed little understanding of the  Federal student aid programs that provide approximately $150 billion in  assistance to students struggling to pay for college. So not only does  she have a single-minded focus on private charter elementary schools,  she has very little grasp--from her hearing testimony--on the  challenges for postsecondary education in the United States.   She also appeared confused about questions regarding the Individuals  with Disabilities Education Act--the landmark law enacted in 1975, and  updated many times since, that protects the rights of children with  disabilities to a free and appropriate education. At first, she  suggested that States should be allowed to decide whether or how to  enforce the law, and that, in my view, is a disqualifying answer. This  has been a Federal initiative that has proved successful.   Indeed, many of us can recall when students with special needs were  ignored--totally ignored--until the IDEA, and now they have been  incorporated into our public school systems and into our educational  system, which has benefited these students, their families, and our  country.   I also share my colleagues' concerns about Mrs. DeVos's finances and  her ability to carry out her duties as Secretary free from conflict of  interest. Her ethics disclosures show investments and relationships  across a range of education interests from for-profit early childhood  education companies to for-profit education management entities,  advocacy organizations, education software, campus services, private  student loans, and student loan debt collectors. She has not fully  disclosed her assets to the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee and has declined to provide information on the  holdings in two family trusts that she will retain if she is confirmed.  This lack of transparency raises real questions about whose interests  will be served under her administration at the Department of Education.   Education is really the launching pad for the American dream. It is  the engine that drives this country forward. The Secretary of Education  must be a champion for public education.   As we have seen from the Office of Civil Rights data collection, we  have significant gaps in opportunities and resources in schools across  this country. Our Secretary of Education must be dedicated to helping  States and school districts close those gaps. These children cannot  afford to have resources drained from their public schools for vouchers  that will do little to improve the quality of education in their  communities.   And as many of my colleagues in rural States have indicated, there is  just, in many places geographically, the inability to substitute a  public school with a vouchered charter or private school. If we break  faith with these public schools, we will leave thousands of Americans,  particularly in rural communities, without any real choice.   The Secretary of Education should be working toward helping our  teachers, principals, school leaders, and parents ensure that we are  reaching all students and helping them succeed. All students include  students with disabilities and English language learners. All students,  together, learning from one another and not in separate and, indeed,  perhaps inherently unequal environments. Our goal should be equal  opportunity. And if we pursue that goal, we will see the progress and  success of America continue.   We need a Secretary of Education who is prepared on day one to lead  our Federal student aid system that includes a student loan portfolio  of over $1 trillion with more than 40 million borrowers. This is  another aspect of the responsibilities in postsecondary education that,  in her testimony and in her presentation, Mrs. DeVos appeared to be  ill-informed about. Our Secretary of Education must be at the forefront  of expanding college access, improving affordability, and ensuring that  students' educational and financial interests are protected.   We need a Secretary of Education who is prepared to address the needs  of adult learners, especially those who have been left behind in a  changing economy. Mrs. DeVos has provided no insight as to how she will  lead the Department of Education's efforts to support adult learners.   In fact, one of the realities of this economy is that learning today  is lifelong, lifetime learning. We have left the period in which a high  school diploma would be adequate for a person to get a good job, move  up through the ranks in a company, retire comfortably, and provide for  the next generation. Now, the intensity of education and the duration  of education has to be for a lifetime. And, once again, that knowledge,  that expertise, was not demonstrated in her testimony.   Sadly, I do not believe that Mrs. DeVos is the Education Secretary  that we need. She has dedicated her time and wealth to promoting  alternatives to public education, which I believe is the bedrock of our  democracy. I think one of the most significant reasons this country  grew and expanded was that going back to our earliest days, we, more  than any other Nation in the world, pioneered free public education,  accessible to all, and that engine drove this country forward. To  ignore that, to abandon public education, would be a tremendous setback  to not only our economy but to the fabric of our society.   Her focus on vouchers and for-profit education calls into question-- very dramatically--her commitment to public schools. It does not seem  to be her major priority, and I would argue that has to be a major  priority of the Secretary of Education, along with the Federal role of  ensuring that the rights of all students are protected, regardless of  where they live. This can't be a Department of Education that is  focused on certain ZIP Codes and ignores other ZIP Codes.   Furthermore, nothing in her background and in her testimony before  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee inspires  confidence that she has the experience or vision necessary to oversee  public education policy, including higher education and adult  education.   For these reasons, I cannot support her nomination, and I would urge  my colleagues to join me in voting no.   As I indicated in my opening remarks, having served under both  Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents, this is the first time  I have ever felt that I could not support a nominee for the Department  of Education.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   