 Mr. President, I believe that to continue to delay  confirmation of Congressman Mike Pompeo to serve as Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency would be a real disservice to the Nation  and to the security of the American people.   It was 2 weeks ago that I had the honor and privilege of introducing  my colleague from Kansas during his confirmation hearing before the  Senate Intelligence Committee--a committee I once had the privilege of  chairing. More than enough time has passed for all Senators to really  acquaint themselves with the pertinent qualifications of the  President's nominee.   As a long-serving Member of the House Intelligence Committee, Mike  has the merits for the job. He has the experience, he has the  knowledge, the judgment, and the skills necessary to lead the Central  Intelligence Agency. Mike is Army strong. He graduated at the top of  his class at West Point and then served as a cavalry officer patrolling  the Iron Curtain before the fall of the Berlin Wall.   After completing his military service, Mike attended Harvard Law  School, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. Because he is  an attorney, Mike understands the law, as emphasized by my  distinguished colleague from California, a long-serving member of the  Intelligence Committee, Senator Feinstein.   Aside from the many questions posed to Congressman Pompeo, this is  the salient point. He will respect the limitations we have placed upon  our intelligence services, and he will preserve our constitutional  values.   After practicing law, Mike returned to his mother's roots in South  Central Kansas, running several very successful businesses in Wichita  before making the decision to run for Congress in 2010.   Mike came to Washington with a strong desire to serve the people of  the Fourth District. Ready for a challenge, he sought a seat on the  House Intelligence Committee at a time when intelligence-gathering  methods were under fire.   Again, a salient point, as an experienced legislator, Mike Pompeo  understands and respects the role of Congress and the need for vigorous  oversight, again demonstrated by the remarks of the distinguished  Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein.   I know he will provide the House and Senate Intelligence Committees  with candid and honest assessments and provide the information the  committee needs necessary to fulfill their oversight responsibilities.  I know he will also demand that of everyone who serves at the CIA. In  so doing, I know--and he knows--the difference between intelligence  reporting and an intelligence product with salient input from all  within the intelligence community, thus making sure our intel community  does not become mired in assessment failure or any political  controversy. We have certainly seen enough of that.   There are few positions in government of greater importance than that  of the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. At a time when  democracy and freedom are under assault by radical elements fueled by  hatred, our intelligence-gathering services must have a strong leader  who will guide their mission and ensure the safety of the American  people and not be swayed by any political interference.   We must demonstrate the respect we have--all of us in this Chamber  have--for the men and women of the intelligence community by giving  them a leader that will have their backs while, at the same time, will  demand excellence of each and every one of them. Mike Pompeo will be  that kind of leader. I strongly urge every one of my colleagues to  support his nomination. We have had ample time for debate. Now it is  time to confirm.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   