 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 2847, the Improving  Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act, which would help to ensure  that all the congressional resources that would be provided for foster  youth will indeed be utilized and make sure they are used to help them  in the furtherance of their education and becoming independent.   My colleague, Karen Bass, who visited me just a few weeks ago, has  been a leader on this legislation and on foster youth issues for a  number of years, and our committee has worked closely with her to move  it forward today.   I want to note that this is one of five bills the House is  considering today to help at-risk families and children in foster care.  All of these bills passed the House last year as part of the Family  First Prevention Services Act, which also provided significant new  investment in substance abuse, mental health, and parenting skills  services to help kids and families avoid foster care when possible.   We continue to work on a bipartisan basis with our leadership and our  colleagues in the Senate to find a way to move forward on broader  foster care improvements, but today's action provides a good  opportunity to once again highlight the sharp rise of children in  foster care in the United States and, indeed, in the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts, fueled in part by the opiate crisis.   In Massachusetts, between 2011 and 2015, the number of petitions to  remove children from their homes grew 38 percent. Today, Massachusetts  is home to nearly 10,000 kids in foster care. Over 1,000 of them are  considered at risk of reaching adulthood without being adopted or  safely reunified with their birth families. That is why it is so  important that we do everything we can to help them finish their  education and develop mentoring relationships with supportive adults.   While I am pleased that our committee and the full House are working  together to help these young people, we can't ignore the bigger  picture, which is the President's attempt to overturn the Affordable  Care Act, because it will have real and measurable negative effects on  these kids.   Republican Medicaid cuts jeopardize health coverage for older foster  youth, the same youth we are trying to help with this bill. By cutting  the essential health benefits and Medicaid, there will be a  consequence. In turn, this endangers access to substance abuse  treatment and, by extension, many of the treatment centers themselves.   Republican proposals to end the Social Services Block Grant would  reduce States' abilities to provide substance abuse, mental healthcare,  and supportive services to foster parents.   While these larger issues are deeply troubling, today's five children  welfare bills, including the one before us now, represent an  improvement over the status quo, and it is refreshing to note the  bipartisan collaboration that is involved.   In addition to Congresswoman Bass' leadership on this bill to help  foster youth, let me also recognize my colleagues on the Ways and Means  Committee who are providing great leadership on these very issues--Mr.  Davis, Ms. Chu, and Ms. Sewell--for their work on behalf of foster  children as reflected in these bills that they have coauthored and that  we are considering today.   I urge our colleagues to support this bill and the other bipartisan  child welfare improvements being considered today and to work with us  to even do more to help foster youth succeed.   I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), be allowed to control  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1551, a bipartisan bill to  modify the section 45J production tax credit for advanced power.   This bill is sponsored by two of my colleagues on the Ways and Means  Committee, Mr. Blumenauer from Oregon and Mr. Rice from South Carolina.  It enjoys bipartisan support of members of the committee as well.   Passage of this bill is critical to thousands of jobs in South  Carolina and Georgia. As you know, I am committed to passing good,  bipartisan legislation that puts and keeps Americans to work in good- paying jobs.   However, I must highlight my disappointment that the committee at  this moment has not acted on other important priorities in the energy  tax space. For example, there is bipartisan interest in this Congress  for extending section 48 investment tax credit for non-solar, section  48-eligible technologies. H.R. 1090, the Technology for Energy Security  Act, introduced by our colleagues, Mr. Reed from New York and Mr.  Thompson from California, is supported by a bipartisan group of 93  Members of Congress.   The committee is overdue in considering this important piece of  legislation, as well as other provisions vital to renewable energy,  renewable fuels, and energy efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles  that expired at the end of 2016. As the gentleman from South Carolina  noted, all of the above.   I hope we can act before the eleventh hour to extend these  provisions.   Mr. Speaker, I conclude by reminding my colleagues that the United  States Government invests a tremendous amount of money on energy policy  through our Tax Code. These investments have helped to grow our economy  and create good-paying jobs nationwide. Therefore, as we continue the  discussions on tax reform, I hope and anticipate Chairman Brady will  consider focusing on comprehensive, fully integrated energy strategy  reform as well.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), the assistant Democratic leader and my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett), my friend.    I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in reference to the previous gentleman's comments, it is  helpful for the acknowledgment that there is broad agreement among  scientists as to how global warming is occurring. There is a suggestion  that it is because of problems that have been generated by man- and  womankind. I think that President Obama said clearly all of the above  as part of the solution.   So the suggestion that we have had on this side as this legislation  advances is also to use the pulpit of the Ways and Means Committee to  move forward with advancing meaningful job creation in terms of  alternative and renewable energy as well, and creating greater energy  efficiencies.   I would think that there should be an opportunity in this House to  find some common agreements on legislation, similar to what we are  witnessing today, on the renewable front as well. Greater energy  efficiency for all of us should be of paramount concern.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   