 Madam Chair, my amendment today is meant to address only  one of several troubling provisions in the bill.   As my colleagues have pointed out, the SCRUB Act is a radical  approach to deregulation and would prioritize cost savings through  repeal of rules without considering their public benefit. The  underlying bill would also prohibit agencies from making any new  rules--even in the case of an imminent threat to public health or  safety--unless the cost is offset by repealing an existing rule.   We have heard often on this floor my Republican friends rail against  regulations promulgated by faceless bureaucrats. Well, this bill seeks  to accomplish all of this through the work of an unelected commission-- faceless--with virtually unlimited subpoena authority and jurisdiction  over every existing regulation.   This body would work in the shadows to roll back environmental and  workplace protections, putting dollars and cents over public health.  The legislation grants so much in the way of authority, but comes with  so little in the way of oversight, transparency, or public  accountability.   President Trump and my friends on the other side of the aisle like to  talk a lot about draining the swamp. Madam Chair, what the Republicans  are proposing today makes a swamp look like the Hanging Gardens of  Babylon, all at the cost of $30 million to the American taxpayer.   My amendment today would bring a modicum of transparency and ethical  oversight to the shadow bureaucracy by requiring commission members to  follow the same financial disclosure rules as Members of Congress,  congressional staff, or any Federal official.   My amendment would also ensure that commission members don't come in  through the ``revolving door'' by inserting a requirement that the  individual must not have been a registered lobbyist at any point during  the previous 2 years. Congress not only has the authority, but the duty  to review existing regulations and, when necessary, to mandate reforms.   But I understand why Republicans want to delegate this work. Because  who wants to be the one to recommend rolling back rules governing clean  air, clean water, food safety, workplace protections, domestic  violence, victim protections, and many other rules that are in place to  keep Americans healthy and safe?   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment simply to  give transparency, openness, and clarity to the people who will be  making the decisions under the SCRUB Act.   