 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my Rules Committee colleague  for yielding. I am proud to support this rule and the Anti-Border  Corruption Reauthorization Act.   Mr. Speaker, last November, the American people sent a strong  message: They want a secure southern border. Having a strong system of  border security is critical to our national defense and the safety and  the security of the American people. President Trump has asked us to  get more boots on the ground protecting our border, and this bill is an  important step in that process.   U.S. Border Patrol agencies are the ones serving on the front lines  when it comes to border security. These hardworking men and women serve  day at night at the border, at airports, and at sea and land ports in  an effort to keep us safe. We should be grateful for their service and  their sacrifice.   Unfortunately, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, is  woefully understaffed. In fact, the numbers show that we are short  1,000 officers and 1,800 Border Patrol agents. This shortage is making  it harder to secure the border and help keep bad actors out of our  country.   That is where this bill comes in. It would amend the Anti-Border  Corruption Act of 2010 to provide necessary discretionary waiver  authority to the CBP Commissioner in an effort to reduce the staffing  shortage. The bill specifically would provide the Commissioner with the  authority to waive the polygraph examinations in three circumstances.   The polygraph exam would be waived for current State and local law  enforcement officers who have already passed a polygraph examination,  Federal law enforcement officers who have already passed a stringent  background investigation, and veterans with at least 3 consecutive  years in the military who have held a clearance and passed a background  check. These are three very tailored and specific circumstances, and  these are exactly the  [[Page H4663]]  kind of men and women we want and need when it comes to border security  positions.   Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that the waiver authority  granted under this bill is not mandatory. It will ultimately be the  decision of the CBP Commissioner to decide on a strict case-by-case  basis whether to issue a waiver. The Commissioner can order a  polygraph.    Mr. Speaker, the Commissioner can still order a polygraph  for any applicant they deem necessary.   This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that passed out of the  Homeland Security Committee on a voice vote, and I hope to see more  bipartisan support here in the full House.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I urge all of my  colleagues to join me in supporting a stronger and more robust border  security system.   