 Mr. Speaker, the other thing that the chairman did not say  is that, after your last round of tax cuts, we had the deepest  recession anybody in this body has experienced, starting in December  2007, when you had the Presidency, the House, and the Senate. You are  at it again.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in sadness and disappointment that the House  passed such an irresponsible, dangerous, and debt-exploding legislation  yesterday. We should be better than this. We should be more responsible  than this.   This bill gives 83 percent of its benefits to just 1 percent of the  richest Americans.   Why didn't we have it reversed and give 83 percent to the people you  talk about, Mr. Chairman?   It takes 13 million people off their health insurance coverage and it  raises the deficit by $1.5 trillion.   There can be little doubt that the majority party is fixated on  cutting taxes for the richest in our country.   Defeat this bill. Do right by the American people.    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I agree with everything the gentleman said. Maybe he is  not the best floor director--I have got a pretty good one myself--but  he is a very, very good floor director.    Mr. Speaker, I was going to say that one of the problems  that I have with Mr. Bravo is that he thinks that Louisiana crabs are  better than Maryland crabs, but loyalty is an important aspect of our  service.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise to join my friend, Mr. Scalise, the  majority whip, and thank Matt Bravo for the leadership that he has  given on this floor, and particularly on behalf of my floor staff with  whom he has worked very closely, both when he was with Mr. Cantor, with  whom I worked very closely, and now Mr. Scalise, with whom I work  closely. We thank him for his service to this House.   Every time I rise, I say, whether it is a Democratic or a Republican  staffer who works this floor, they work with all of us, and they work  in a way that tries to facilitate the doing of the people's business.   They are not always as successful as they would like to be. It is the  fault of the Members, not of the staff. They have good plans that go  awry because the Members do not cooperate. Mr. Speaker, I would like to  tell Matt that I understand that very well.   Mr. Speaker, we want to thank Matt for the very collegial, positive,  constructive way in which he has worked with my staff, with the  leader's staff, with other staff on this side of the aisle, as well as  staff on his side of the aisle to assure that we can, to the best  extent possible, work in a constructive way on behalf of the American  people.   I am sure that Matt will be as successful in future endeavors as he  has been here, and, if so, very, very successful indeed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority whip for yielding me time, and I  wish Matt Bravo the very best.   