 Less than 10 minutes.    Mr. President, we have a longstanding tradition in our  country of civilian control of government and civilian control of the  military. This was first symbolized by George Washington through his  act of resigning as Commander in Chief for all of the Continental Army  on December 23, 1783. It is a tradition, or a moment in time, that is  preserved on the walls of the Rotunda where a mural depicts  Washington's noble and selfless act.   Our early days were full of the warnings of a standing Army and of  ongoing military control at high levels, and those ideas came from  Thomas Jefferson and from Alexander Hamilton and from Samuel Adams.  When we came to the point in our history where we realized that a  continuing military force was necessary, we preserved the importance of  civilian control.   We did so for a host of important reasons, which others have pointed  out on this floor but I think are worth restating. It is important to  have a Secretary of Defense who brings a broad world view that includes  a civilian perspective to the position.   Second, it is important not to politicize our officer ranks and have  them essentially competing to position themselves to hold this position  of Secretary of Defense.   Third, we do not want the services competing against each other in  order to hold this position. This is why the Joint Chiefs of Staff  position is rotated on a specific schedule. And if we have a Secretary  of Defense come from one military service, then another branch of  service is going to say: Next time it should be our turn. The Marine  Corps today, the Air Force tomorrow, the Army after that, and then the  Navy. That is not the position we want to end up in.   We also know that across the world, countries wrestle with preserving  civilian control; that is, preserving democratic republics in the face  of the power of military machinery in their country, military  organizations, and we see military coups and we see massive military  influence.   It has been the desire of our country to model a republic that is of  the people, by the people, and for the people, not a nation that  becomes controlled by a massive concentration of power in the military.  Now my colleagues--many of whom are very learned in the history of our  country--have arisen to say that there is a set of special  circumstances, a unique set of circumstances, that merit an exception,  and they note that there was an exception once before in our history.  That exception was the appointment of George C. Marshall to become  Secretary of Defense in the time following  [[Page S306]]  World War II. But think about how many circumstances we face in the  world that can be put forward to be an exceptional time. It was  exceptional when terrorists used planes to attack the Twin Towers in  New York City and our Pentagon, and had not one plane gone down, the  additional target may have been the Capitol or the White House. That  was an exceptional moment. It is an exceptional moment when we are  fighting Al Qaeda. It is an exceptional moment when we are fighting  ISIS. It is an exceptional moment when Russia invades Ukraine and takes  over Crimea. There is an exceptional moment almost continuously in the  face of a complex and changing world.   So I stand on the side of maintaining the principle of civilian  control. Each time we violate this principle, it is easier next time to  say: It has been done before. But the conversation will not be ``We did  it once half a century ago, and so we should do it again,'' it will be  ``We did it twice, once quite recently when we weren't facing a world  crisis. Nobody had invaded the United States. We had not just lost a  couple hundred thousand folks fighting for our country in a world  war.'' So the conversation will get easier and more fragile, and that  is not the direction we should go.   It was Eisenhower who warned about the overreach of a military  enterprise--the ``military industrial complex,'' as he referred to it.  But one piece of our structure of government that has held back is to  maintain that principle of civilian control. Can anyone in this room  rise up and say that out of the thousands of experienced individuals  who have both national security experience and civilian experience,  there isn't one who currently meets either the 10- or 7-year standard  of separation? I am sure there are hundreds who could meet that  standard.   So here we are. If we could send a message to the President-elect: We  reject your effort to eviscerate civilian control. Send us someone who  is qualified. And if we feel that person is so far out of the reach of  reason--which is what I have been hearing from my colleagues in private  conversation, terrified that this President-elect will nominate  somebody who basically is unhinged, that we have to seize on this  moment to take this individual because this body won't have the courage  to turn down and reject an unhinged individual nominated by this  President-elect. That is a sad commentary on the leadership of this  body. It is a sad commentary on what has become of the U.S. Senate that  we wouldn't have the courage under our advice and consent power to turn  down someone we saw as unfit. That is, in fact, how we are charged  under this Constitution, under the advice and consent clause. It was  Hamilton who laid out that it is our responsibility to determine  whether an individual is of fit character or unfit character, and we  would retain that power for any nomination that, in the collective  judgment of this body, did not meet that standard.   So let's sustain the principle of civilian control and reject this  change.    I ask my colleague from Arizona if he will yield for a  question.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I agreed----   Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.    Mr. President, I believe I have the floor.    I reserve the right to object.    I reserve the right to object.   Mr. President, I was very gracious in agreeing to a unanimous consent  request that would grant me 10 minutes. That was cut short by the  filibuster of my colleague, who repeatedly brought me into the  conversation and refused to yield for my question. So I ask unanimous  to have 2 minutes to close.    I object.    I object.   