 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from  Hawaii (Ms. Hanabusa) for yielding, as well as for her leadership. I  also thank Chairman Bishop for his leadership in helping to move this  legislation forward.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3979, the Keep America's  Refuges Operational Act, a bipartisan bill that will reauthorize the  volunteer, community partnership, and education program for our  National Wildlife Refuge System.   Let me begin by thanking my good friend, the distinguished gentleman  from the Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. Wittman), who has partnered with  me on this legislation and is a strong champion for our country's  refuges.   This commonsense, bipartisan legislation will support conservation  efforts at our Nation's refuges in a way that saves taxpayers dollars  and stimulates jobs and economic opportunity.   Our National Wildlife Refuge System is comprised of 566 refuges  located in every U.S. State and territory. Refuges make up over 800  million acres of habitat dedicated to the conservation of fish and  wildlife.   Each year, 47 million Americans visit refuges, which help to support  local economies by generating over $2 billion in revenue and more than  35,000 local jobs. People visit refuges from all over the country to  explore, hunt, fish, and experience America's natural beauty.   Refuges also help to mold the next generation of conservationists and  outdoor enthusiasts by providing learning experiences and cherished  memories for America's families. Refuges have a tremendous impact for  communities all over America, even in my hometown of Brooklyn, New  York.   But this wouldn't be possible without help from dedicated volunteers,  who donate 20 percent of the total service work at our refuges. They  support full-time staff by helping to operate visitor centers; conduct  fish and wildlife population surveys; maintain visitor structures,  roads, and paths; fight invasive species; and protect native plants and  animals.   While volunteers may vary in age, background, and skill set, what  they all have in common is their dedication to preserving our country's  natural beauty so that we can all enjoy it for years to come.   Advancing this legislation has been a collaborative process, and I  greatly appreciate the hard work of Mr. Wittman and Members on both  sides of the aisle. Through this bipartisan legislation, we will  demonstrate the economic benefits to be gained from protecting  America's natural beauty and being good stewards of the environment God  has given to us all.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3979.   