 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to  protect New York DREAMers like Mila, who is able to go to college, get  a job, and get a driver's license thanks to DACA.  [[Page H6685]]     Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member Lowey.   I wish we could be here under other circumstances. The process to  consider the CJS portion of this bill as part of an omnibus package is  not in keeping with how the appropriations process should work. Each  bill should be given individual consideration under an open rule.   Some on the other side are cheering this floor process, which is  ironic given their years of opposition to such a lumped-together  package.   I am not sure what has changed their minds today, and at this point  we don't even know if Members will be allowed to offer amendments that  are necessary to improve half of the bill and rein in this out-of- control administration because the Rules Committee has not yet provided  us with that information.   I also wish that the substance of what we are considering this week  were better. As the ranking member of the CJS Subcommittee, I can say  that the CJS portion of this bill received an inadequate allocation.  After scorekeeping adjustments, the bill includes an approximately 1  percent cut below fiscal year 2017. This is far below the level needed  to adequately fund the programs in this bill which are crucial to  economic development, scientific innovation, and protecting our  Nation's cherished constitutional values.   Before we touch upon these serious problems, let me mention some  areas where both sides agree. I do want to commend Chairman Culberson  for rejecting several of the worst ideas in the Trump administration's  budget. This includes rebuffing proposals that would have reduced  research funding at the National Science Foundation and eliminated the  Minority Business Development Agency. This bill also rejects cuts to  educational efforts in the NSF, NASA, and a proposed cut for the FBI.   Unfortunately, far too many of the President's terrible proposals are  given credence by this legislation. The Legal Services Corporation, the  Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program, and the Economic  Development Administration all absorb significant cuts below the  current funding level. The Census Bureau is greatly underfunded and  will be unable to complete the important and necessary work that must  be done now to prepare for the 2020 Census.   A number of other programs are shortchanged, including climate change  research programs at NSF and NOAA, several National Weather Service  initiatives, and a number of DOJ grant programs, like the COPS Hiring  Program and several police reform grant programs. Democrats and  Republicans, alike, support most, if not all, of these programs, but we  simply cannot fix these problems under this allocation.   I am also troubled that this bill allows many of the administration's  most disturbing priorities and initiatives related to immigration and  civil rights to move forward without the necessary congressional  oversight. In the wake of Charlottesville and Tuesday's DACA decision,  there are many in this country who are justifiably questioning the  President's commitment to tolerance, fairness, and inclusiveness.   The Trump administration's budget request for the Department of  Justice raises those questions as well. A proposal to harm immigrants  by increasing criminal enforcement is funded in this bill. There is no  attempt to limit the Department's actions to undermine affirmative  action, support voter restriction that disproportionally hurts minority  populations, and ignore LGBT protections. Many of these ideas have long  been rejected by the American people, but the President and the  Attorney General continue to give them credibility.   Democrats and Republicans have offered amendments to limit the reach  of these drastic policy changes, but at this point, it is unclear  whether any of these amendments will be made in order. I hope we will  have a serious opportunity to make changes to this bill, but that seems  unlikely.   In its current form, I cannot support this portion of the bill or the  bill as a whole.   