 Mr. Speaker, a little over a year ago, I took a mile- long, 30-minute ride with coal miners into a 3\1/2\-foot-high coal mine  in the mountains of Pennsylvania. I was reminded that day about the  incredible work ethic of the folks in western Pennsylvania, the same  work ethic that literally built this country in the 19th and first half  of the 20th centuries.   The regulation we vote on today is one of the last rules that the  Obama administration pushed out. This regulation has a single purpose:  the demise of the coal industry and the thousands of middle class jobs  that depend on it. This regulation is the culmination of former  President Obama's ideological war on American energy that provides  minimal benefit but tremendous cost.   I care about the miners and the workers I met with whose middle class  jobs are at risk. I care about utility customers whose electric bills  will go up because this regulation will take valuable American energy  offline. I care about the communities that are hurt when these coal  mines close.   This country continues to make tremendous progress on cleaning up the  environment, progress that will continue without this job-killing  regulation. If you care about the workers, if you care about these  communities, you will vote ``yes'' on this CRA and block this job  killer.    Mr. Speaker, we are all painfully aware that  Washington's financial control law, Dodd-Frank, is full of provisions  that have nothing to do with protecting consumers or preventing another  financial crisis.   The SEC rule in question today is no exception. This politically  motivated rule, tucked into a provision under the miscellaneous  provisions of Dodd-Frank, fails to advance the core mission of the SEC,  which is to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient  markets, and facilitate capital formation.   Ensuring that payments by oil, gas, and other mineral companies are  transparent and accountable is a worthwhile public policy goal, but it  is outside the securities laws' core mission of investor protection.   Not only should this rule and its enforcement fall outside the  purview of the SEC, but the rule itself is fundamentally flawed.   Like so many rules and regulations emanating from Dodd-Frank that  harm our economy, it is more complex and costly than is required by  statute, which calls into question the extent to which it meets the  SEC's economic analysis requirement.   The SEC itself estimates the cost for compliance at between $239  million to $700 million initially and from $96 million to $591 million  annually after that.   I am also concerned that this rule could force companies to withdraw  from certain countries. Among other things, some foreign countries have  laws to prohibit the sort of disclosures called for in this rule.   Since the rule provides no exemptions, American firms may be forced  to abandon business ventures that provide jobs and opportunities for  Americans.   I understand that some opponents of our effort have tried to label  the SEC's policy as an anticorruption rule. It is important to keep in  mind that nothing in today's resolution to repeal the rule undermines  the ability of the SEC or the Department of Justice to fight  corruption. Even without this rule, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  remains in force and any corrupt activities by Americans will be  prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.   The rule under consideration today, however, is unnecessary, poorly  written, outside the core responsibilities of the agency, and it would  impose significant costs on publicly listed companies with no  discernible benefit.   I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   