 Mr. President, last night the Republicans in the House  revealed their plan to scrap the ACA and replace it with something much  worse--TrumpCare. There are so many things that are wrong with this  bill. A lot of us are still going through the 184 pages and all of its  implications, so it is impossible to encapsulate all the difficulties  in this legislation in one speech.   I am going to highlight eight problems with this bill to start. First  of all, this bill is a complicated and rushed mess. Despite the fact  that they had 7 years to work on their own plan, the Republicans  cobbled together a bill that makes no sense. In an effort to make  everyone in their caucus happy, they have made no one in their caucus  happy. That is why we have seen conservative groups--from AEI to AFP,  the Heritage Foundation, the Koch brothers--come out and express  opposition to the legislation.   Second, this bill cuts Medicaid. They are going to use a phrase  called block grants, but I want everyone to understand that is cutting  Medicaid. That is a euphemism for cutting the resources for Medicaid.  This cuts a program that helps more than 70 million Americans across  the country get the healthcare they need. It means less care for  pregnant moms, less care for families with loved ones in nursing homes.  Nursing home benefits will be totally trashed, and all of these changes  will reduce Medicaid to a level not seen before.   By the way, Medicare doesn't escape the ax. It is also in trouble if  we enact the House legislation. TrumpCare will actually move up the  date of insolvency of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years, to the year  2025. That is not 20, 30 years from now when they talk about the Social  Security trust fund. That is quite soon to have Medicare be insolvent,  and they are accelerating the date in which Medicare becomes insolvent.   Third, this bill hits the elderly with an age tax. Here is how the  law currently works. It is basically a cap on the amount that an  insurance company can charge a senior for healthcare. It says you  cannot charge more than three times the amount you charge a young  person for a senior citizen.   It is capped at three times what you charge for young people. This  would increase the cap to five times the cost. If a young person's  health insurance costs $250, the maximum under the current law is $750.  Now you are talking five times $250--$1,250 per month.   This is an age tax. If there is any doubt about how difficult this is  going to be for senior citizens, ask the AARP. They are a bipartisan,  well-respected organization that works in every State. Seniors across  the country need to understand what this age tax is. You will pay more  for health insurance if the law passes as it is.   Fourth, and this is a very important point. This is basically not a  healthcare bill because if it were a healthcare bill, everybody knows  it would require 60 votes. It would be enacting new legislation. This  is a budget bill. All they can do, really, is cut taxes related to  healthcare. This is a bill that cuts taxes for rich people.   How does it finance it? First of all, it finances--probably a lot of  it by borrowing. The other portion of it is by cuts to Medicare and  Medicaid. TrumpCare has special tax cuts that only benefit the highest  earning households and another one that will go to insurance company  executives who make more than half a million dollars a year.   You cannot make this stuff up. They are cutting taxes for insurance  company executives who make more than half a million dollars each year,  and they are financing it by cutting healthcare for the people we all  represent.   Fifth, this bill will blow up the debt and the deficit. The crazy  thing is, we don't actually know how much our debt and deficit will  increase because Republicans are in such a hurry to rush this through  without a formal CBO analysis. We have no idea how much this is going  to cost--probably trillions, but they haven't even asked for a CBO  score. They don't want to know how much this is going to blow up the  debt and the deficit because all of the fiscal hawks will be found to  be hypocrites who have been railing about deficits for all of their  career. Yet this might be the biggest budget-busting piece of  legislation in many, many years, and they don't want to know how much  it costs because they have made a promise. They are going to go ahead  and fulfill that promise no matter how ridiculous it is.   Sixth, this bill will trash mental health coverage. The ACA was a  huge step forward for the mental health community because it required  insurance companies to cover mental health and substance abuse  disorders. We are in a moment when every State is struggling with an  addiction crisis. What I don't know is why we would rip away these  services when so many people are counting on it to break their  addictions.   Seventh, this bill will defund Planned Parenthood because they can't  help themselves in the U.S. House of Representatives. Planned  Parenthood is a provider that offers healthcare to millions of women  across the country, but this bill will stop low-income women from  getting critical health services like breast cancer screenings from  local clinics. Oftentimes, this would happen in communities where women  have nowhere else to turn. Many community health centers don't have the  services women need or they have twice the wait times that a Planned  Parenthood would have. For women waiting to find out if they have  cancer, that is simply not an option.   Finally, this bill is too partisan. I think we can all agree that our  approach to healthcare could use some improvements, and I am more than  ready to work with my Republican colleagues to make healthcare better.  That is not just a rhetorical flourish. I have tried to back that up  with my legislative actions. I have worked with Senator Hatch on  legislation to increase access to high-quality care in hard-to-reach  regions. I have worked with Senator Cassidy and many others on a bill  to create a public health emergency fund. I have worked with Senators  Wicker, Cochran, and Thune on a telehealth bill.   We can work together on healthcare, but it requires three things: No.  1, good faith, and there is no good faith in this piece of legislation.  No. 2, bipartisanship. This bill, I am quite sure, will get zero  Democratic votes in the House or the Senate. No. 3, we need legislative  hearings. We need to have a conversation in the light of day and let  the American people weigh in. We need to figure out what it is that  they are doing to the American healthcare system.   If they are so proud of their plan, why no hearings? If they are so  proud of their plan, why not get at least a score from the  Congressional Budget Office? If they are so proud of their plan, why do  they lack the confidence that any Democrat will support it?   Look, we do have the opportunity to work together to improve  healthcare, but this bill is basically a mess. It is worse than I  thought. I think it is worse than a lot of people thought, especially  given that they have been talking about this for 7 years. So one might  think they would have had a really well-thought-through plan. This has  all of the characteristics of something that was rushed out the door in  about a 48-hour period.   I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing this very bad piece of  legislation and give us some space and time to do this right and to do  this in a bipartisan fashion.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   