 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Thornberry for  working through three congressional sessions to do justice to the  property owners along the Red River.   The injustice that this bill corrects is galling. In 1923, the U.S.  Supreme Court established rules for determining the boundary between  Texas and Oklahoma, which established property rights over this land.   For nearly a century, the Federal Government recognized and respected  the property lines established by this ruling. Property owners  purchased and sold this land and, in some cases, passed it down from  generation to generation. These property owners, in good faith,  dutifully paid taxes on their lands year after year, invested in these  lands, maintained them, cultivated them, and improved them.   Nearly 100 years later, in 2013, the Bureau of Land Management  announced that it was arbitrarily changing these long-established and  settled boundaries and claiming ownership of 90,000 acres of land. This  outrageous claim clouds property rights along this vast territory.   It is based on the flimsiest of pretexts: a 2009 survey of some 6,000  acres out of the total 90,000 in dispute. This survey ignored the 1923  Supreme Court decree that originally established the boundary lines,  and it then extrapolated the results of this limited survey to justify  this land grab over the entire region. In other words, BLM laid claim  to these lands with a guess based upon a fraud.   The BLM has since scaled back its claim to 30,000 acres, a testament  to the flimsy process with which it has upended the lives of every  property owner in the region.   The Red River Private Property Protection Act tells the BLM to back  off. It authorizes a comprehensive survey of all of the disputed  acreage to be conducted jointly by the two States directly affected and  in consultation with the tribal governments involved. It requires that  the survey be conducted on the longstanding criteria established by the  Supreme Court, rather than the recent and illegal invention of the BLM.   Upon the completion of the survey, the States of Texas and Oklahoma,  in coordination with federally recognized Indian tribes, will review  and approve the survey to ensure its accuracy and impartiality.   Without this act, title to the farms and homes will be clouded for  decades while the matter drags on through the courts. That is the  course that the gentlewoman suggests we should follow: drag this on for  years, if not decades, while these property owners languish in  uncertainty.   Meanwhile, the BLM's assertion of regulatory jurisdiction would have  devastating impacts on local homeowners and businesses and make it much  more difficult to encourage economic development in the region.   This measure is a scaled-down version of the bill passed by this  House in 2015, in order to address concerns expressed by the American  Indian Nations involved.   Mr. Speaker, government exists to protect our natural rights,  including our property rights, and this bill realigns our government  with its stated purpose and its stated promise.   I urge its speedy adoption.   