 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Our Nation faces a dire fiscal situation. We have now reached our  debt ceiling once again. The path we are on is not sustainable. It  jeopardizes our future, our children's future, and our national  security. We must get our fiscal house in order and take this problem  seriously.   Paying lip service to the problem will not solve it. We must be  responsible now before it is far too late. The reality is that we can  make cuts to our government without impacting essential programs. In  fact, the right cuts will grow our economy by stopping overeager  bureaucrats who often seem dedicated to Federal mandates and massive  regulations.   We, in Congress, should be focused on growing and protecting Main  Street, not an already bloated Federal Government. The amendment I  propose today makes the cuts to the bureaucracy, the administrative  costs within the Department of Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development, and Related Agencies.   The cuts focus on administrative expenses and salaries within these  two departments. This modest 10 percent administrative cut saves  taxpayers $222 million and, admittedly, is but a small step.   I come from the world of private business, so I understand that  fiscal responsibility requires ongoing and consistent small steps. My  amendment, when combined with other similar amendments, will yield big  savings for taxpayers and will do so without cutting projects or  essential programs.   I urge my colleagues to seriously consider my amendment as we work to  secure our fiscal future.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I respect the work of the committee,  certainly the chairman.   As I said earlier, I come from the private sector where, frankly, a  10 percent cut in administration is not uncommon. I worked at Chrysler  Corporation back in the original loan guarantee days where Lee Iacocca  said: ``If you can't cut 10 percent of your budget, I will just find a  new manager.''   We have made cuts. We made more substantial cuts than many other  agencies. As noted earlier, we made significant cuts in, for example,  the EPA, back to levels of 2005, 2006. I believe we can make these cuts  and still maintain the safety and security of this Nation, maintain  operations and programs, and while we may disagree, I will certainly  work with the chairman and the committee to continue to work on getting  our fiscal house in order.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   