 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R.  3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DACA recipients like Gerardo, a  computer programmer in Santa Barbara, who has grown up, gone to school,  and worked in the United States for the past 13 years.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I am offering an amendment to ensure we  are taking the appropriate steps to improve pipeline safety to mitigate  some of the devastating impacts of oil spills throughout our Nation.  This is a particularly important issue for my constituents on the  central coast where we have seen the damage oil spills wreak on our  communities and local economies.   During the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill, over 100,000 barrels of  crude oil spilled into the Santa Barbara Channel. This was the largest  oil spill in California's history that significantly harmed Santa  Barbara's unique marine ecosystems and wildlife, recreational  interests, and commercial fishing.   Paired with the 2015 Refugio oil spill, also in Santa Barbara County,  where clean-up costs hit $92 million, these incidents show us that we  cannot continue to drag our feet. We need to implement pipeline safety  and spill mitigation rules that Congress already passed 6 years ago.   In 2011, the House worked in a bipartisan way to pass the Pipeline  Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act. This law, which  passed the House unanimously, directed the Pipeline and Hazardous  Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, to update and strengthen key  pipeline safety standards. The law called on PHMSA to issue a rule  requiring automatic shutoff valves on new pipelines and to strengthen  requirements for the inclusion of leak detection technologies on  pipelines.   My amendment is straightforward. It sets $1 million of PHMSA's own  budget for the finalization and implementation of sections 4 and 8 of  the bipartisan 2011 pipeline safety law so that our Federal guidelines  are up to date. Section 4 requires new pipelines to install automatic  shutoff valves.    I yield to the gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Chairman, if the amendment is in order to be  accepted, I yield back the balance of my time.   