 Madam President, I would like to express my support for  the ongoing deliberative process to address the very valid concerns  raised with sections 881 and 886 of the fiscal year 2018 National  Defense Authorization Act. Earlier today, I filed an amendment that  seeks to clarify the committee's intent with respect to open source  requirements and intellectual property rights and protections for U.S.  technology vendors who collaborate with the Department of Defense. I  want to be clear that this language does not represent the ultimate  fix, but rather a step in the right direction as we embark on a longer  policy discussion in conference.   I want to thank the chairman, my colleagues on the Senate Armed  Services Committee, and my counterparts on the House Armed Services  Committee for their commitment to continue this conversation in  conference. It is essential that we provide both the Department and  industry the proper tools, protections, and incentives necessary to  continue these mutually beneficial partnerships on the commercial off- the-shelf and the custom-developed software side. I am confident we can  reach consensus and send the President language that clearly  articulates a fair and sustainable model for existing and future  contracts.   Madam President, as chairman of the Senate Armed Services  Subcommittee on Personnel, I would like to make a statement for the  record about an item of special interest related to the Department of  Defense's use of its intellectual property rights in certain drug  products within the committee report on the National Defense  Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018.   The committee report contains language that directs the Defense  Department to exercise its rights under the Bayh-Dole Act ``to  authorize third parties to use inventions that benefited from DOD  funding whenever the price of a drug, vaccine, or other medical  technology is higher in the United States'' as compared to prices in  foreign countries.   This language is of concern to me for several reasons. The DOD and  other Federal agencies face significant obstacles such as low  procurement quantities, high regulatory risk, and complex Federal  contracting regulations when working to attract the top vaccine and  drug developers as partners in medical countermeasure development to  protect the warfighter and America's citizens. Diluting intellectual  property protections as a means of price control will not only fail to  meet its objective, but it could significantly hamper the government's  efforts to develop these critical medical capabilities. The report  language could lead to decreased investments in medical countermeasures  development and a drop-off in industry partnerships with DOD that can  ultimately result in few new drugs, vaccines, and diagnostics.   Bayh-Dole has created a fragile ecosystem of collaboration among  Federal agencies, public research institutions, and private industry,  resulting in the commercialization of inventions for use by the  American people, especially in the area of medical countermeasures  often developed specifically for our servicemembers and veterans. The  idea of regulating the price of a commercialized invention was never  contemplated by Congress when passing the Bayh-Dole Act.   I have concerns that the committee report language could chill  medical innovation by raising the risk of a Federal partnership to a  level that is unacceptable for many private entities. This is  problematic for small businesses that have less capital to risk on  products subject to unpredictable price controls. While the  availability of medical innovations to the American public remains an  area of great interest to me, I strongly believe that we should pursue  more appropriate and effective ways to achieve this goal without  stifling innovation or discouraging public private partnerships.   