 Mr. President, right now, as we all return from  Thanksgiving--some of the American people did not have to work over  Thanksgiving weekend, but many, many people in this country do and  struggle and continue to work two jobs--and as Congress returns from  Thanksgiving, the priorities of this Congress are becoming pretty  darned clear to the American people. People want to know the answer to  a fundamental question. In this body we all stand up for election every  6 years--in some cases, a little more often--and people fundamentally  want to know which side you are on. Are you on their side? Are you on  the side of Wall Street or the side of corporations that outsource  jobs?   So the question is this: Whose side are you on? The question is this:  Are you going to stand with multinational corporations that ship jobs  overseas, all to pad their own executives' fat bonus checks? Are you  going to stand with banks that rip off consumers or that steal their  information and get off scot-free? Maybe some of their executives give  their bonuses back, but that is about the only penalty they pay. Are  you going to stand with American workers who have been working too hard  for too long for too little pay and who are just looking to catch a  break? Are you going to stand with children whose parents work two jobs  to put food on the table when, unfortunately, both jobs that they work  do not pay for health insurance? These are the choices we face.   Right now, the leader of the Senate--the majority leader, who works  in that office down the hall, the majority leader back in that office  there--negotiates with lobbyists, negotiates healthcare bills, and  writes healthcare bills in the back room with drug company lobbyists  and insurance lobbyists. Now he has written a tax bill in the back  room. We voted on it last week in committee, but it just keeps  changing. That is all done in the back room with Senator McConnell, the  Republican leader, and his lobbyist friends from corporate America-- with the corporate America that ships jobs overseas, with the Wall  Street banks that fleece Main Street taxpayers, and with other  corporations, which are the drug companies and oil companies and the  Koch brothers and all of that. These are the choices that we face. The  leaders of the Senate have made it really clear whose side they are  on--period.   While the Senate spends its time on a bill to cut taxes for  corporations that send jobs overseas--that is the bill that Senator  McConnell is negotiating, is writing, is drafting with his lobbyist  friends in that office down the hall--children here in America, pure  and simple--there is no other way to say it--are about to be kicked off  of their health insurance through the Children's Health Insurance  Program. As soon as this week, families of young children are going to  get letters in the mail that will bring devastating news--that their  children will lose their health insurance--period. There are 209,000 of  them who live in my State of Ohio--209,000 of them alone.   This is what this program is. It was founded more than two decades  ago. Senator Hatch--I give him credit as chairman of the Finance  Committee--doesn't seem as interested, frankly, in this bill today as  he was when he started, when he wrote the bill, because it has passed  out of his committee, and Senator McConnell is too busy to put this  bill on the floor so that we can pass it.   The bill works this way: If there is a family and the parents lose  their insurance, as many families do, the children still get insurance.  That is why 209,000 children--tens of thousands of families in my  State--rely on the Children's Health Insurance Program. But this fall,  because this Congress is too busy giving tax cuts to rich people,  because this Congress is too busy giving all kinds of breaks to the  Nation's banks, because this Congress is too busy doing the bidding of  the drug companies and the health insurance companies and the bidding  of the oil companies, this Congress let CHIP expire.    States are beginning to run out of money for CHIP. States are  preparing to shut down this lifeline for 9 million children in Kansas,  Ohio, Florida, and all over the country. Folks in this body--don't  forget, we all get our health insurance funded by taxpayers, but we  haven't done our job. As a result, families of 209,000 children in Ohio  and 9 million children in the United States are going to pay the price.   Think about how devastating it would be to get that letter in the  mail. It is already an expensive and stressful time of year. Parents  are worried about all kinds of things--higher heating bills, visits to  their families for the holidays, the cost of childcare when kids take  off from school for the holidays. They are scraping together what they  can for gifts. They are already stressed enough. Imagine having to tell  your daughter: I am sorry, honey, Santa probably isn't bringing much  this year. We won't have any presents under the tree.   You try not to let the child see the worry in your eyes because you  are wondering how you are going to afford the debt for regular checkups  each year, or God forbid she gets an ear infection or something happens  and she needs to go to the doctor. But, oh my gosh, no, we got this  letter in the mail that says--and I don't know if the letter will say  it this way, but it should--that because Congress failed to do its  job--a bunch of elected officials who have insurance paid by taxpayers  failed  [[Page S7327]]  to do their job to reauthorize and fund this bill so that 209,000  children in Ohio will be protected, as well as 9 million people in the  country--Ohio, Arizona, California, Minnesota, and Oregon are all  expected to run out of CHIP money by the end of the year, early  January. Some States will need to start notifying families right now  that they could lose their coverage. Virginia will have to start  sending out notices as early as this week. Many other States expect  funds to run out the first of the year.   This is not just a few children whom maybe we don't want to think  about; this is 9 million children--209,000 children in my State, tens  of thousands of children in Kansas, and it is hundreds of thousands of  children in Senator Nelson's Florida. These are working families who  don't qualify for Medicaid but can't afford private insurance. They are  families with two working parents who often aren't lucky enough to work  for companies that provide health insurance. They are families with  children who have special needs. CHIP helps provide access to specialty  providers so the kids are never faced with a situation where their  family can't afford the therapy or the expensive prescription drugs  they need.   Healthcare for all of our children is something on which we ought to  be able to come together, wouldn't you think--especially at the holiday  season. Leading into Christmas, wouldn't you think we could agree on  that, that we ought to take care of the Children's Health Insurance  Program?   There has never been a gap for funding in the CHIP program. It was  created in a bipartisan way. Senator Kennedy, who sat over here,  Senator Rockefeller, who sat over here, and Senator Hatch, who is still  in this body, all worked to create this program.   In those days, Senator Hatch said: ``As a nation, as a society, we  have a moral responsibility'' to ensure our children have healthcare.  We have maintained that bipartisanship ever since, until now--until  Speaker Ryan and Leader McConnell, who would rather worry about tax  cuts for the rich, would rather worry about helping banks keep  consumers from having their day in court, would rather worry about  helping the Koch brothers and the drug companies. That is way more  important than taking care of 209,000 children in Ohio. I guess it is  more important for Senator McConnell to go back in that room and write  a bill with his lobbyist friends from the Koch brothers, oil companies,  drug companies, and Wall Street--all his special interest buddies. He  can write a bill for those big tax breaks for those companies but just  not get around to taking care of these kids.   Two years ago, with the support of advocates all over the country, we  extended funding for CHIP with bipartisan support. We did it for 2 more  years. We put kids first in this body, acted early to extend CHIP so  families wouldn't have to worry. This year, in committee--and I give  credit to Senator Hatch in this case, as well as Senators Portman,  Wyden, and others. We passed a 5-year extension of CHIP, and almost all  my colleagues voted for it, but passing it out of committee and patting  ourselves on the back doesn't get the job done.   I ask all my colleagues who sit here--again, with health insurance  paid for by taxpayers--for one time this Christmas season to set  partisanship aside and actually do the right thing. Let's forget the  tax bill for just a few days. Let's forget helping the Wall Street  banks for a few days. Let's forget about helping the oil companies and  billionaire contributors on whom Senator McConnell and his colleagues  rely. Let's forget about that just for a few days, and let's take care  of 209,000 children in Ohio and tens of thousands of children in Kansas  and 9 million children around the country.   My friend Bill Considine is the CEO of Akron Children's Hospital. He  is the longest serving CEO of any children's hospital in the country.  He said: ``The fact that this reauthorization has been delayed for  political reasons, for shallow campaign promises, is inexcusable.'' I  have known Bill Considine for 25 years. I don't know if he is a  Republican or a Democrat. Certainly, I don't think he cares much about  that. What he cares about is taking care of kids. He says that the fact  that we are putting these children and families at risk in the country  we live in--there are no words we can use to justify it. He is right.  There is no way to justify Congress's negligence. We need to  reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program this week--now.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   