 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Texas  for sponsoring this CBC Special Order hour. It is a great  responsibility and a responsibility that he has done remarkably well in  governing the time and the topics on which we speak. This is a timely  topic, Mr. Speaker.   In a single decision, the U.S. Supreme Court set ablaze decades of  progress by overturning critical portions of the Voting Rights Act.  Four years after Shelby County v. Holder, voter protections that many  Americans rely on are again under assault.   Following that decision, we saw an eruption of unjust voting laws. It  is an unfortunate historical fact that, in the absence of Federal  safeguards, some States will erect prejudicial barriers to voting.  States previously under Federal overview were emboldened and, shortly  after the ruling issued, blatantly added discriminatory rules that  directly affected minority communities.   Sadly, one of the most significant and imminent threats to accessing  the polls comes directly from the administration. Since the  inauguration, the Trump administration has withdrawn from longstanding  legal challenges to discriminatory voter laws and created the  Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity that will  investigate the President's wildly unsubstantiated claims of voter  fraud. These sorts of actions and rhetoric only reassure States that  discriminatory voting laws will be tolerated and upheld in this  administration.   I urge Congress to take responsibility and restore vital voter  protections that have secured the integrity of our democracy for more  than 50 years. Although the Shelby decision was one of the most  disruptive judicial decisions in recent American history, passing good  voting rights legislation will redeem America's promise of a fair vote  for everyone of eligible age.   It appears that protecting America's basic right to vote will be a  task reborn with every generation. Obstacles to voting are no longer as  blatantly obvious as literary tests and poll taxes. Unjust voter ID  laws, voter intimidation, and unfair gerrymandering create barriers to  the polls for individuals from all skin colors and age groups.   Although these actions appear insurmountable, they are not. Voter  suppression is an affront to the Constitution and will not be  tolerated. If we continue to resist all attempts to turn back voter  protections, we will be successful and once again stand proudly on the  right side of history.   Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that this Nation appears to be going  in reverse. Gains that have been made by people who weren't necessarily  considered citizens when they first arrived here, but property, have  had to look to these rulings and laws being created in order for them  to have the rights every other American has.   The hands that built this great building could not vote, were  property. But it is a beautiful symbol of this Nation's history. The  ancestors of the people that helped build these beautiful buildings  here will be rolling over in their graves to learn that equality and  rights for all are still under attack.   So, Mr. Speaker, the CBC and, I hope, the whole Congress will be  vigilant in this area, making sure that all Americans, regardless of  where they come from, where they started, and when they were allowed  and even seen as citizens, have the right to vote in this great  country.   