 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in raising the  alarm about the possible impact for all of us in America and, in  particular, for my constituents in my home State of Delaware should we  indeed as a body proceed with barreling forward and repealing the  Affordable Care Act without a plan to replace it, as seems to be the  intention of the majority.   When I was first elected to the Senate back in 2010, the Affordable  Care Act wasn't even a year old. Yet Republicans were already trying to  repeal it, without offering any comprehensive plan with which to  replace it. Now, more than 6 years and 60 repeal attempts later, it is  truly disheartening to see that when it comes to plans for the American  health care system, seemingly nothing has changed. Instead of working  across the aisle to find constructive fixes to this Affordable Care Act  that could win bipartisan support, instead of finding new ways to  invest in infrastructure or strengthen American manufacturing or coming  together to respond to the Russian attack on American democracy or even  waiting a week to take this upcoming vote so we Senators can give our  full focus to vetting the President-elect's Cabinet nominees, instead  of pursuing any of these priorities, it seems we are once again  spending--even wasting--the American people's time to fulfill a  misguided and, in my view, mean-spirited promise to repeal the  Affordable Care Act at all costs, without a clear plan to replace it.  Sadly, in that sense, nothing has changed since I first came here in  2010, not so for the American people, as plenty has changed for them  and for my home State of Delaware.   More than 20 million Americans now have gained access to high-quality  health insurance across our whole country, including 38,000 more  Delawareans. Now, 38,000 is not a big number of people, but in my  little State of 900,000, 38,000 more people who couldn't get access to  health insurance before and can now is a big deal. Across the whole  country, the rate of uninsured Americans is at a record low of just 11  percent, and in Delaware fewer than 8 percent, and this is well down  below pre-ACA levels.   Let me focus on what I think is the biggest, broadest, and most  important benefit of the Affordable Care Act, not just those tens of  thousands in my State who have gotten coverage on the exchanges, but in  my little State of 900,000, 560,000 Delawareans get their health  insurance through their employer, as the vast majority of Americans do.  For those half a million or more Delawareans, they have gained lifetime  improvements to the quality of the health insurance they have through  the ACA: no discrimination against preexisting conditions, young people  can stay on their parents' health insurance until they turn 26, free  preventive care, no lifetime limits on coverage and recovery, and a  requirement that insurance companies spend 80 cents of every dollar on  health care versus overhead. These five key consumer protections have  been the center of the best of what the Affordable Care Act has  delivered to Delawareans and Americans. Americans no longer have to  make the phone calls they used to make to their Senators, their  Congressmen, their local representatives, pleading that they could  somehow find access to quality and affordable coverage. These reforms  have made a real and tangible impact on Americans across the country.   I have also come to this floor, on a number of occasions over many  years, and recognized the challenges of the Affordable Care Act, the  ways in my home State that it has fallen short of our hopes and goals  when it was initially passed, and I have offered, with an open hand, to  work across the aisle  [[Page S173]]  to find vehicles to repair and improve elements of it that haven't  worked as had been hoped.   Before I turn to that, though, let us focus for a few minutes on  hearing the stories of Delawareans who have reached out to me because  at the end of the day, my passionate defense of the Affordable Care Act  is rooted in individuals I have met and heard from, people whose lives  have been changed by access to quality, affordable, accessible health  care.   As Republicans move us forward to a repeal vote, it is my hope that  they will listen to these and other stories and think about what  possible alternative pathway there might be that would save the  opportunity for them to have access to decent, quality health care.   I grew up in this tiny town of about 1,500 called Hockessin, DE, and  Nicole is also from Hockessin. She reached out to me to tell me her 2- year-old daughter has cystic fibrosis. She spends at least an hour  every day administering her daughter's breathing treatments and at  least $5,000 a month. Her medications aren't cheap. Nicole is confident  that without the Affordable Care Act, she would have exceeded her  annual cap on medical expenses well before the end of each year.   Nicole makes it pretty clear to me that without the consumer  protections put in place by so-called ObamaCare--the ACA--she would  have one of three choices, choices tragically faced by many Delawareans  and Americans before the Affordable Care Act. One, hope she somehow  qualifies for Medicaid, which she probably doesn't because she is hard- working enough and successful enough that her income makes her  ineligible for Medicaid. Option No. 2, go into deep debt to pay for her  daughter's needed and lifesaving treatment. Option No. 3, stop giving  her daughter some of the medication she depends on and just hope and  pray that she will not suffer needlessly. That is all assuming that her  daughter's cystic fibrosis was not a preexisting condition, preventing  her from getting any insurance at all.   Let me review that because Nicole's story starkly outlines the  reality that millions of Americans could face if we continue barreling  down this misguided path of repealing the Affordable Care Act wholesale  without coming together around a plan for replacement. That reality for  so many sick Americans or Americans with sick children is this: First,  hope you don't get sick. If that fails and you don't qualify for some  other form of government assistance, either go into debt or try to get  by without health care. That is it. That is what it was before the  Affordable Care Act, and following its repeal, that may sadly be what  it is again.   Over the last few weeks, I have heard many other stories, and I will  cover a few quickly, if I may. Kim, from Wilmington, DE, is a thyroid  cancer survivor who was able to get insurance because her cancer is no  longer considered a preexisting condition. Will her ability to access  affordable, quality health care be repealed?   There is Sue from Frankford, DE, whose husband got sick a decade  ago--desperately sick--and hasn't been able to work since. They are  retired but not quite eligible for Medicare. Yet, despite his illness,  they have been able to find coverage now on the individual market. Will  repeal of the Affordable Care Act deny Sue and her husband access to  quality health insurance?   There is Carla from Odessa, DE, whose son was able to stay on her  health insurance when his employer didn't cover it. Not only that, but  Carla's sister--a self-employed gardener with a 40-year history of  insulin-dependent diabetes, also known as a preexisting condition, was  able to get health insurance when she tragically divorced at age 63 and  lost coverage through her husband's employer.   There is Matthew from Wilmington, whose son was diagnosed with brain  cancer. The year before his son's diagnosis, Matthew and his family  were on a non-ACA-compliant health insurance plan. As Matthew wrote me,  ``Our family was all young and healthy, and we thought this plan was  right for us. Then, my 11-year-old got sick right out of the blue. It  can happen to anyone at any time.''   Matthew is right. Illness can strike any one of us at any time--and  not just the flu, not just a cold, but tragic, expensive, terminal  illnesses can strike any family in America at any time.   Just listen to the story of Kerry from Wilmington, DE, a massage  therapist who considers the Affordable Care Act, as she puts it,  ``nothing short of miraculous.'' Here is why. Kerry signed up for  health insurance in 2014 thanks to the subsidies, the tax credits  provided through the Affordable Care Act. She had long had nagging  abdominal and lower back pain. She didn't think much of it considering  she had no family history of terrible diseases and had never even had a  stitch before. Fast forward to January of 2015, when a routine  diagnostic procedure covered by her new health insurance revealed that  Kerry had stage III colon cancer. She had surgery a week later,  followed by 6 months of chemotherapy, and ended up facing no out-of- pocket expenses besides her annual deductible. Kerry's cancer has now  been in remission since September of 2015, and as she writes, ``The ACA  came along at the last possible moment to save my life. I am certain  that without it, I would have just continued to live and work with the  discomfort and try to self-treat until the cancer was so advanced it  could not have been successfully treated.''   I have many more, but stories like Kerry's and Matthew's and Carla's  and Sue's and Kim's have been pouring into the inboxes of my colleagues  in States around the country.   My Democratic colleagues and I know, and have known since the day it  was signed into law, that the ACA is not perfect. I have talked to  small businesses that want to offer health insurance for their  employees but have struggled to find affordable options in Delaware. I  have met plenty of Delawareans whose deductibles or premiums are higher  than they would like to see, and I have heard from economists and  budget forecasters who know our country's fiscal health depends on  doing even more to control health care costs.   That is exactly why 2 years ago I came to this floor with a simple,  commonsense request of my Republican colleagues: work with us to make  the Affordable Care Act better. A colleague, a physician from the State  of Louisiana, happened to be listening that day, and we have had a  number of constructive and positive conversations since. Sadly, despite  many attempts over many years, I so far have been unable to find a  Republican partner willing to actually cosponsor meaningful,  constructive fixes to the law.   In my view, and as I said 2 years ago, no conversation about the  Affordable Care Act and how to improve it can be complete without  reconciling the reality of the millions of Americans it has helped and  the many others for whom it has fallen short.   I have sought to address the affordability of health care coverage  for all families. I have cosponsored bills to increase tax credits to  make it more affordable for small businesses, looked for ways to make  sure there is more competition in the marketplace, especially in small  States like Delaware, and pursued commonsense regulatory reforms and  cost-containment efforts to further slow the growth in health care  costs. For years, my colleagues and I have asked our Republican friends  to put aside their rhetoric and focus on pursuing bipartisan fixes like  these.   Today, the bottom line is still this: I know the Affordable Care Act  has helped millions of Americans just like the Delawareans whose  stories I have read. Kerry, Carla, Matthew, Sue, and Kim today live  healthier, safer, and more secure lives.   Let's take a look at the alternative. There is no single proposed  plan. There are dozens of bills in the House and Senate that would do  lots of different things, but it would be very hard to predict with  precision what the alternative really is. We know what repeal will do.  As of today, the alternative--let's call it TrumpCare--is nothing more  than a wholesale repeal with no clear plan to replace.   TrumpCare, a simple repeal, by one estimate would kick 26 million  Americans--more than 50,000 Delawareans--off their health insurance.  Even for those who don't lose their insurance, those hundreds of  thousands of Delawareans who get their insurance through their  employer, it would be much lower quality because it would  [[Page S174]]  remove all the consumer protections that we have all come to embrace.  It would give a nearly $350 billion tax cut to the wealthiest 1 percent  of our country and a nearly $250 billion tax cut to big corporations.  While tax cuts have their day and their reason, pushing aside all of  that revenue with no plan for how to replace the Affordable Care Act  and how to pay for it will become a desperate and dangerous move.  TrumpCare, a simple repeal of the Affordable Care Act, would cut 3  million jobs and trigger negative economic impacts well beyond the  health care sector by creating profound uncertainty. Lastly, it would  burden State and local governments, which would lose nearly $50 billion  in tax revenue.   That is the reality. Describing a repeal of the Affordable Care Act  as anything other than the injection of wild uncertainty into our daily  lives, into the health insurance and health care markets is just not  square. That is the reality. Describing it any other way is political  rhetoric, and that is, sadly, what this debate is about. It is repeal  without replace.   Matthew from Wilmington, whose 11-year-old son was diagnosed  unexpectedly with brain cancer, concluded his note to me with one last  thought. He wrote of his son: ``He's my hero and I will fight for him  and all others who continue to suffer similarly every day.''   Thank you, Matthew. Thank you for sharing your story and continuing  the fight. I promise you and all the Delawareans who have reached out  to me to do my level best to stand with you and fight for you every  step of the way every day until we find a better path together.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maine.   