 Mr. President, I want to begin by paying tribute to  the people of Puerto Rico, who have been through unimaginable  disaster--a natural disaster not of their making and a financial  disaster that is not any more their fault than the hurricane they have  endured. They have persevered and, indeed, now are surviving and even  thriving, despite the hurdles placed in their way by the humongous  storm that destroyed parts of their island. In fact, even now, at least  a quarter of their water is undrinkable, more than 80 percent of their  electricity is down, many of their roads are unpassable, their schools  are largely closed, and their island is paralyzed or, at least, largely  paralyzed as far as economic progress and job creation are concerned.   They don't deserve this fate. They are Americans. They fought in our  wars. I have been privileged to spend time with the Borinqueneers and  led the effort to award them a Congressional Gold Medal as a sign of  their patriotism and their dedication to our country.   They are not only Americans; they are patriotic Americans. So, too,  are the first responders, military, and others from States around the  country who have gone to Puerto Rico to help with relief. I want to  recognize their courage, sacrifice, and service to our Nation.   The National Guard from Connecticut has gone to the island to help  with National Guard from at least 13 States. There are thousands of  them now, and they are working with men and women on the ground from  FEMA, the Department of Energy, the Department of Homeland Security  generally, and our military. They deserve our thanks. Yet, for all that  heroic work, this Nation is failing Puerto Rico. Americans are on the  verge of failing fellow Americans.   Puerto Rico has a population of about 3.4 million people, roughly the  size of Connecticut. If the humanitarian crisis now ongoing in Puerto  Rico had occurred in Connecticut, there would be an outcry and outrage  of unprecedented proportion, comparable to a public surge of criticism  unseen before. Yet the people of Puerto Rico endure this humanitarian  crisis seemingly without response.   The President of the United States gives himself a 10. I agree. He  deserves a 10 if the grading scale is 1 to 100 because barely one- tenth--in fact, less than one-tenth of what this Nation owes to Puerto  Rico--has been done for them.   I flew over the island of Puerto Rico in a Sikorsky Black Hawk during  a recent bipartisan trip and saw out of the side of that Black Hawk the  devastation and destruction I never thought I would see in America.  Whole towns were flattened, homes razed to the ground, community  centers destroyed, power lines dangling and down. I heard from the  Corps of Engineers that there is no timetable to repair those lines, to  restore electricity, which is the lifeblood of civilization and  essential to bare economic functioning, let alone progress going  forward, which is what the island needs. From what I hear, which  families have told me, the shortages of food, water, and medicine  persist. The hospitals depend on generators that are sometimes  nonfunctional, and medicine is lacking in those hospitals.   What is at stake in Puerto Rico is really our humanity. In the midst  of this humanitarian crisis, what is challenged is our humanity, not  just the legality or the protocols but our basic instinct to help  fellow Americans when they need it.   This Nation should not have a double standard for disaster relief.  The Americans of Puerto Rico deserve what Connecticut would receive. I  have stood in Connecticut with our Puerto Rican community. We are proud  of the fact that we have more Puerto Ricans per capita than any other  State in the country. That community has given back to Connecticut and  has contributed to our quality of life. And we are proud of all of our  Puerto Ricans who came from the island in past generations or recently.  I stood with Gladys Rivera, who lived in Connecticut, went to Puerto  Rico, and has just come back; with the Bermudez family, who have deep  ties and family there and here; with Jason Ortiz, who is in charge of  the Puerto Rican Agenda. And I could list many others. They have given  me a picture of the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico that speaks to  my heart--families who continue to suffer and endure these hardships.   The measure we are passing today is a tiny downpayment on what is  needed for Puerto Rico. It is a short-term, very small sign of what we  owe. It is a downpayment that must be followed by a much bigger long- term commitment, a Marshall Plan that will enable the island to not  just repair the power lines or the roads but to rebuild with different  kinds of power--renewables and solar--and not be dependent on diesel or  coal. It will enable them to build stronger, more resilient structures,  whether homes or commercial buildings, that can withstand future  hurricanes. What is needed in Puerto Rico is not just repair but true  rebuilding and recovery--and not just the physical structures but the  sense of financial stability and pride.   So the pittance in this supplemental for Puerto Rico is the least we  can do. In fact, it is less than the least we can do because it  actually adds to the debt Puerto Rico now has. It adds $5 billion to  the $74 billion that is owed by Puerto Rico. It does nothing about the  bankruptcy of PREPA, the power company. It in no way alleviates the  financial burdens of debt; in fact, it adds to it.   Instinctively, we in this Chamber know we have an obligation to do  more. There have been enough reports to fill this Record today about  the courage of Puerto Rico and about the burdens it has to endure. We  have seen and heard enough to know that a longer term plan is  necessary, a Marshall Plan. Stronger leadership is necessary.  Leadership has been lacking.   I have proposed a disaster relief czar who can cut through the  redtape and the bureaucratic lack of cohesion and get this job done,  someone who can tell the Corps of Engineers what the deadlines are and  bring together the leadership of Puerto Rico and give them the  empowering authority in resources, not just in words.   I also call for the CDC to be engaged more actively and effectively  because Puerto Rico now faces a potential epidemic of mosquito-borne  diseases: Dengue fever, Zika, chikungunya. The standing pools of water  throughout the island--and I have seen them--pose a real public health  threat at a time when the island is ill-equipped to deal with it.   I have begun working with my colleagues on a longer term plan because  this measure must be followed by stronger, more robust steps. The  damage done to the island was in the range of $100 billion. That is a  rough estimate. That $100 billion must not only be reinvested, it must  be used to provide resilience--real investment, real rebuilding. That  is what is necessary for Puerto Rico.   I hope to return and visit again shortly, but in the meantime, the  voices and faces of our fellow Americans there come to us clearly  through my friends and neighbors in Connecticut who have joined with me  in this call for real action and real rebuilding and real investment  much more than this short-term downpayment which will shortchange the  island if we do no more. It must be simply a first step that we owe our  fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cruz). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague  from Minnesota, who has made many of the same arguments very eloquently  that my colleagues have made as we approach a vote literally in the  dead of night. There is a reason for the timing of this vote.   My Republican colleagues would much rather have it done past the  deadline for the newspapers, out of the public eye, because most  Americans would be repulsed by the idea that they are losing  fundamental rights, and what could be more fundamental than the right  to go to court. That is the right that will be lost to countless  Americans if this vote in favor of S. J. Res. 47 succeeds tonight. It  would literally repeal the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's  arbitration rule using the Congressional Review Act.   Most Americans will discover this repugnant step when they go to  their lawyer's office, and they state their grievance, their harm,  their cause of action, and their lawyer looks at a contract or some  other piece of paper, which has in fine print a forced arbitration  clause. That forced arbitration clause, in effect, blocks the  courthouse door. It denies them their day in court. It compels them to  go before a group of people--often, the majority selected by the big  company they want to sue. At best, the result is to give them less to  remedy the wrong against them than they suffered in harm.   Often, the lawyer will say: You know, this effort is going to cost  you more than you will gain. In good consciousness, I must tell you  that you will not recover as much as you have to pay me, and that is  because those consumers cannot join together in arbitration as they can  in a class action. Often, it is because the cost of going to court  individually, even if they win, will be more than they would gain in  arbitration. It is done in secret, when their case is arbitrated, so  others cannot be warned about a similar harm in a product or a service  they are about to purchase and suffer the same harm or wrong.   A vote in favor of this resolution is a vote in favor of predatory  lending. It is a vote in favor of wage theft. It is a vote in favor of  sexual harassment. It is a vote in favor of medical malpractice. It is  a vote in favor of denying millions of Americans a fundamental right to  a day in court.   Without the promise of justice from the courts, few consumers can  even think about undertaking the cost of an attorney or take on the  tremendous effort of bringing those individual actions against service  providers.   The harm falls, tragically, particularly on our veterans. I commend  and thank Holly Petraeus for her profoundly significant work to alert  our veterans and all of us to those harms. These abusive practices harm  our veterans more than others because they trust the abusive pitches  that come at them as they are about to leave Active Duty or sometimes  while they are on Active Duty or shortly after they leave. They have no  control over where they are deployed or even where they are based, but  the con artists and big corporations can come after them. They know  where they are. They are targets of opportunity.   In one stunning example--just to give one--documented by the New York  Times not long ago, a sergeant in the Army National Guard who was  serving in Iraq said that men came to his house and improperly  repossessed his car, threatening his wife with jail time if she didn't  give them the keys. Appallingly, this sergeant received no restitution.  His case was discarded because his contract with the auto lender  included a forced arbitration clause. That is the practical harm  resulting from these causes.   Wells Fargo has been mentioned as an example of how contracts, in  effect, are forced on people without their knowledge for accounts,  contracts for insurance that were put on their loans without their  knowledge.   Equifax, in the height of arrogance--the remedy offered to consumers  had a forced arbitration clause as part of their acceptance of a remedy  for the harm done by Equifax itself. You can't make this stuff up. You  cannot create the fiction that matches this reality for abuse and harm  to consumers.   Repealing this rule strips consumers of one of their only avenues of  relief  [[Page S6753]]  from careless negligence or a slow response to harm. In the case of  Equifax, unfortunately, it probably will not be the last.   The CFPB rule draws a line in the sand. It puts consumers on a level  playing field. It eliminates a provision that in law school was often  identified as a contract of adhesion, where one side has such power  over the other that they can dictate the terms, inherently unfairly, to  the consumer. It demands that those consumers be treated fairly.   Repealing this rule would allow companies like Equifax and Wells  Fargo to have their run of the contracts in America, repeat the harms  that have caused such widespread consumer harm, and let them off the  hook. I urge my colleagues to reject this dangerous rollback of rights.  It may be welcomed by some corporations, but in their hearts, as well  as their minds, the vast majority of companies want to do the right  thing. The outliers are the ones supporting this rule.   It would not eliminate arbitration where both sides feel it is in  their mutual interests; it would simply eliminate that fine print that  enables those rip-off clauses that harm our veterans--people who fight  for our fundamental rights. One of those fundamental rights--access to  justice--is barred by this resolution.   I hope my colleagues will reject it, enable consumers to hold  financial institutions accountable, and continue the work of the CFPB  in making sure that consumers really receive a fair shake when they  enter into a contract.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Rhode Island.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.    I thank my colleague from Rhode Island for that very  pertinent question. Before I answer it, I thank him for his service as  his State's attorney general and his State's U.S. attorney. He has as  much experience as I do, and I know he appreciates that there are  countless examples of exactly the kind of predicament he has so well  described.   The harm to each individual may be measured in tens of dollars, but  the harm nationally to consumers may be measured in millions of  dollars. If each of those consumers is forced to arbitrate, the result  at best would be a few dollars to each of them, and most of them will  abandon the claim because the services of an attorney or even the time  they have to take to appear before a panel of arbitrators simply won't  be worth it.   The harm is not only to them, as my friend and colleague from Rhode  Island has implied so well, it is to the consumers of the future  because without public knowledge of the defective product or the  predatory lending or the sexual harassment, that same harm will happen  again and again.   To take the topic of the day, sexual harassment, many of those  employment clauses had the forced arbitration requirement that led to  settlements and secrecy. For years and years, that harm was repeated to  women who suffered because they were unaware of the harm about to  befall them.   It is a human tragedy, not just a financial tragedy, that often  befalls consumers because of those fine-print arbitration clauses that  consumers very often never even consider because at the time they sign  the contract, they are not thinking about what can go wrong; they are  buying a car or a product that seems just fine, or they are entering  into a new job, or, as in the case of a veteran, they are signing up  for a for-profit college, and they scarcely expect they will be, in  effect, victims of these forced arbitration clauses.   So the answer to my colleague's question, as he knows because he  himself is such an expert in consumer protection, is a resounding yes.  This rule is necessary to protect consumers against those kinds of  harms, which, when added nationally, can be tremendously costly to our  Nation as a whole.    I would be happy to yield.    I would be happy to yield.    I would be happy to yield.    I appreciate my colleague's question. That is  absolutely right. Arbitration panels do not have the power to issue  injunctions--it is that simple. They do not have the power to grant  injunctive relief even in the worst of circumstances. That is one of  the reasons forced arbitration clauses exist: There is no danger of a  court ordering increased disclosure or fairer terms going forward or an  end to deceptive and misleading practices.   I see we have been joined by another of our colleagues, Senator  Cornyn of Texas, who served as attorney general before he began his  distinguished career here, and he knows well that, as attorneys  general, we often insisted on injunctive relief because we wanted to  protect people going forward. That is a remedy that arbitration panels  simply cannot award, and it is enormously consequential.    That is exactly right. It is not infrequent in class  action cases and not infrequent in individual cases where a plaintiff  is willing to persist and takes it, as a matter of principle, that he  will go to the nth degree legally and spend whatever it takes, if he or  she has the resources, and some have done it as a matter of conviction  and conscience to vindicate individual consumer rights, even though  their ultimate payback in monetary terms may not have actually been  worth it. But injunctive relief is often the key to fairness and  justice.    Exactly right. I think that is the essence of what  the effect will be today of this vote if it is to roll back this rule  and, in effect, enhance the overweening power of companies and  corporations that force consumers to engage in arbitration that they do  not know will be the result and cannot change because it is a fixed  term, even though it is in the fine print, and eventually rips them  off.   I thank my colleague for those extraordinarily insightful questions.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader.   