 Madam President, it is no secret that last week's vote on  repealing and replacing the provisions of ObamaCare proved a  disappointment to many of us. I have found, though, in my time here in  the Senate that so often we agree on the goal we want to achieve, but  we disagree on the means to achieve that goal.   Some people see the private sector and competition and markets as the  best place to regulate economic activity. Other people look at the  government as the source of actions that do things like provide access  to healthcare. The truth is, in our complicated healthcare delivery  system, everybody plays a role one way or the other.   We know that government plays an outsized role already, because we  have Medicare, Medicaid, veterans health programs, and the like--the  Children's Health Insurance Program, which we will have to take up and  reauthorize before the end of September. But there does exist a very  important private marketplace for health insurance, and, frankly, many  times I think the government makes it harder, not easier, for the  private marketplace to offer people a variety of products that they  actually like, want to buy, and can afford.   But it is evident that there is a lot of passion about this issue,  and that is not going to go away. Certainly, what is not going to go  away is the need that consumers across this country of ours have for  lower premiums, increased access, and a marketplace that actually  functions, where people can buy an insurance product they want to buy,  and, of course, there is always the issue of quality of care.   Some people think that maybe Medicaid is the ultimate answer. The  fact of the matter is that Medicaid plays a very important role as a  safety net for low-income Americans, but most of the medical studies  that have been done indicate that medical outcomes under Medicaid are  no better than those for those people who don't have insurance at all,  and the number of people who go to the emergency room includes many  people who have Medicaid but have a hard time finding a doctor who will  treat them because Medicaid pays doctors at such a low rate that only  about one-third of the doctors, especially in my State of Texas, will  see a new Medicaid patient. As one of our colleagues has suggested, it  is kind of like telling people: Here is a bus ticket. But there is no  bus. There is no way to get there. That is hardly what I would call  access to quality care.   I know our work is not done. Now I and others turn to our colleagues  across the aisle who fought us every step of the way in trying to  achieve progress on healthcare reform and ask them what their  suggestions are. Democrats need to be constructive rather than  continuing to bury their heads in the sand about the fundamental  problems with the Affordable Care Act.   My firm belief is that these problems are structural in nature. They  are not something that can be solved simply by throwing more money at  the problem, particularly when insurance companies would love to have  us do exactly that. That is the way they do business. They are profit- oriented companies. I don't begrudge them that.   It is simply not in our best interest, I believe, to just throw  billions of dollars at insurance companies in a bailout without  reforming the fundamental structure by which healthcare is delivered. I  don't think we can turn to the taxpayers and say that it is their  obligation to bail out insurance companies, particularly when they have  seen their premiums already triple under ObamaCare.   We can't afford to do what the Senator from Vermont wants to do,  which is enact a costly single-payer system, which would literally  bankrupt our country.   With every day that passes, ObamaCare keeps getting worse, but we  have no choice but to keep working to find new ways forward. That will  include discussions and efforts to keep our promise and fix the mess  that has been left to us to face.   There is a lot the American people expect of us. With fragile  majorities in the Senate, we have seen that we are forced to work  together to try to solve these problems. I think, frankly, bipartisan  solutions tend to be more durable.   As we move forward to that work and turn to legislative priorities  such as breaking the blockade on nominations, tax reform, getting our  economy growing again, getting people back to work--because the economy  is growing and they get good, well-paying jobs--and doing things such  as rebuilding our infrastructure, something we know is important to our  economic future, we will continue this week focusing on something that,  frankly, we should have done months ago, which is seeing that more of  President Trump's nominees are confirmed.   Of course, we know the approach of the Democratic leader from New  York has been to obstruct, block, and slow down as many of these  nominations as he can. For example, our Senate colleagues on the  Democratic side have allowed only 10 percent of President Trump's  confirmations to go by a voice vote, which is a customary courtesy when  there is no controversy associated with the nomination. President  Obama's confirmations went through with 90 percent of them by voice  vote because they weren't truly controversial. What we have seen happen  this year is to burn the clock and delay and obstruct and foot-drag as  much as possible in order to deny the President his own team.   I realize many people were disappointed on that side of the aisle  when President Trump was elected. He was elected President of the  United States, and he deserves to have his team in place--particularly  when they are not controversial nominees--rather  [[Page S4638]]  than to deny him the opportunities to staff up and do the job the  American people elected him to do.   This obstruction is felt particularly acutely at the Department of  Defense. You would think that if there is one thing that is bipartisan  or nonpartisan, it would be our national security. In fact, only seven  of President Trump's nominations for the Pentagon have been confirmed.  Two of the remaining nominees waiting for confirmation have been  waiting for 2 months after they have been unanimously approved by the  Armed Services Committee--2 months of delay for no purpose whatsoever  with noncontroversial nominees.   The minority leader is blocking these nominees, but his ranking  member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, along with all other  Democrats on the Armed Services Committee, unanimously voted to approve  the nominees and vote them out of committee.   It should not take 2 months to fill these critical national security  roles, especially for nominees who aren't controversial. Each day that  our Democratic colleagues delay the process, they are hindering our  readiness and putting American lives at risk.   This comes at a time when we are engaged in fights around the globe,  at a time the vast array of threats around the globe are more diverse  and, frankly, more dangerous than they have been in a long, long time.  All we need to do is to look at what is happening in North Korea.   It is especially disgraceful for those men and women who put their  lives in harm's way, who wake up every day and risk their lives to  defend the country, and who proudly wear the uniform of the U.S.  military. This is an offense against them. It is insulting. They  deserve better than this from our Senate Democratic colleagues.   I hope the Senator from New York, the Democratic leader, will stick  to what he said last week and drop the needless blockade against the  President's nominees. The President won the election and is expected to  appoint a Cabinet of qualified individuals to guide our country and  carry out his policies. Whether you voted for President Trump or  against President Trump, he did win the election, and we should move  forward with a fully staffed executive branch.   Americans also deserve to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks in  their pockets. We know that businesses, particularly small businesses  that are the primary engine of job creation in the country, have been  subjected to a tax code that is enormously complicated, confusing, and  that discourages economic growth.   Why in the world would we want to do that to ourselves? Why would we  want to tolerate a tax code that is so complicated, that is anti- growth, and that discourages job creation? We shouldn't.   With this new administration, we are committed to overhauling our  outdated Tax Code to make it simpler and fairer, one that will  encourage businesses to create jobs and bring profits back to our  shore. Members of both Chambers--the House and Senate--have been hard  at work on a solution that will provide that sort of relief and protect  jobs and put Americans first, not government.   I look forward to the debate and the fight for historic tax reform in  the coming months. I want to particularly commend my friend and  colleague in the House of Representatives, a fellow Texan, Kevin Brady,  chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, for his great work in  that body, together with our chairman in the Senate, Senator Hatch,  chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. That is the committee of  jurisdiction where we are going to have hearings and a markup this  fall.   Finally, I wish to address another area where Congress ought to be  able to work together on a bipartisan basis, and that is strengthening  our Nation's infrastructure. It is absolutely imperative we build on  the success of the FAST Act, the first multiyear surface transportation  bill signed into law in more than a decade.   While this piece of legislation was critical to providing States and  communities with the certainty they need, we must continue to invest in  our Nation's bridges, roadways, ports, and other critical  infrastructure.   I look forward to working with the administration and our colleagues  in the Senate and in the House on legislation that will strengthen our  Nation's infrastructure and do so in a fiscally responsible manner.   Finally, I hope to pass the bipartisan legislation that I have  introduced to combat domestic human trafficking with my Democratic  colleague, the Senator from Minnesota, this week. This has long been a  priority of mine. The Abolish Human Trafficking Act is focused on  getting victims of this heinous crime the help they need to rebuild  their lives. In fact, as you talk to faith-based organizations and  other people who are trying to help the victims of human trafficking,  many times they will tell you the single thing these victims need the  most is simply a safe place to live and heal and recover. That is what  the Abolish Human Trafficking Act is focused on.   This bill reauthorizes the Justice Department's Domestic Trafficking  Victims' Fund, which was established in the Justice for Victims of  Trafficking Act, a bill that I authored and that was signed into law  last Congress.   The Domestic Trafficking Victims' Fund provides critical resources to  connect victims with the services they need so they can recover and  begin to heal. Part of that fund is financed through fines collected on  the convicted traffickers themselves. It is a clear way we can use  these fines for good. Last year, the fund provided about $5 million in  victim services. By reauthorizing it, we can continue to serve even  more people, more victims.   This bill also empowers victims by permanently reauthorizing the  Advisory Council on Human Trafficking, survivors who annually advise  the government on ways to combat this crime and lend a hand to victims.  While this bill certainly focuses on human trafficking victims, we  recognize that these victims may not have survived this form of modern- day slavery without the dedication of law enforcement officials  fighting for these survivors every day. That is why our legislation  also supports local and State law enforcement agencies, so they are  able to carry out not only the ability to track down the perpetrators  and convict them but also to receive additional training to help equip  them on how best to serve the victims.   Ending this terrible crime is a cause every Member in this Chamber  should be able to get behind. I look forward to passing the Abolish  Human Trafficking Act with bipartisan support, hopefully, later this  week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect  to the Wray and Newsom nominations, the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table en bloc and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.   