 Mr. Chair, we all know that hard-edged partisan politics  has not only eroded the confidence that the American people have in our  government, but it has caused government to function to a very low  standard.   In my 4 years that I have been in this Congress, I have never seen a  better example of that than what we have here today. Because today, we  are considering a budget that is not only fiscally irresponsible, it  doubles our deficits across 10 years, increases the national debt by  $10 trillion, but its sole purpose is to repeal the Affordable Care  Act.   The purpose of today's budget is not to amend the Affordable Care Act  to preserve its strengths and tackle it weaknesses, nor is the purpose  of today's budget to repeal the Affordable Care Act and put something  in place that has been well thought through and shared with the  American public. The purpose of today's bill is to repeal the  Affordable Care Act in a cold, hard way and let the chips fall where  they fall. And this is not being done because it is good policy.   Anyone who is serious about healthcare policy--even people who oppose  the Affordable Care Act--who has looked at this issue, has concluded,  by any measure, the Affordable Care Act should not be repealed without  a replacement. It is being done for political reasons because my  colleagues, unfortunately, for years, have told their supporters that  they would repeal this bill at all cost, without having the courage or  convictions to explain to them the consequences of repeal without  replacement; nor without the determination to do the work to come up  with an alternative.   The Affordable Care Act was passed 8 years ago. It was passed on a  straight party-line basis, which was unfortunate. It had three  important goals, which it has achieved: to expand health care in over  20 million people; to lower the overall cost of health care in this  country, which is the most important number in our fiscal health; and  to improve the quality of health care.   Is it perfect? No. Are we addressing its problems today? No. Are we  repealing it without any replacement? Yes. By any measure, will that be  bad for the public health and potentially cause a public health crisis  in the United States of America? The answer to that is yes.   I urge my colleagues to reject the budget proposal.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I urge a strong  ``no'' vote. This budget resolution jeopardizes the very health of our  citizens and puts our economic recovery at risk. I urge a ``no'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.   