 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment.   Asset forfeiture is a crime against the American people, committed by  their own government. This is absolutely opposite of what our people  who wrote the Constitution of the United States had in mind.   For the government to take away someone's property and then say,  ``You have to prove you are innocent to get it back,'' that is totally  in contrast to the limited government, individual responsibility,  individual freedom, and property rights concepts that our Founding  Fathers had in mind.   If we believe in freedom and if we believe in liberty, let's not open  up the government to be able to steal our property and then we have to  go to court. We have lost all of our due process. It is now our  obligation to prove that we are innocent until proven guilty. That is  ridiculous. Vote for this amendment and protect the freedom of our  people.   Mr. Chair, I rise as a proud co-sponsor in strong support of the  Amash-Sanford-Labrador-Rohrabacher Amendment.   Civil asset forfeiture is a widely abused law enforcement tactic in  which federal, state and local law enforcement agencies seize property,  often with little or no evidence that a crime has been committed. The  person whose property has been seized then has to hire an attorney and  prove their innocence in order to try to get their property back.   Police departments have a strong incentive to abuse civil asset  forfeiture because they get to keep these ill-gotten gains for their  own use. Even when state legislatures have enacted important safeguards  against abuse, the Justice Department has helped local police  departments to circumvent such restrictions by ``adopting'' seizures  that would be illegal under state law, and then sharing the proceeds  with local law enforcement.   In January 2015, under the Obama Administration, the Justice  Department issued two crucial orders to stop this circumvention of  state, raw. Unfortunately, the current Justice Department has reversed  those orders, and Congress must now take action.   This amendment will prohibit the Justice Department from using any  money in this bill to engage in activities not allowed by the 2015  orders. I ask my colleagues to stop the assaults against law-abiding  citizens by the people who are supposed to protect them. Vote for the  Amash-Sanford-Labrador-Rohrabacher Amendment.   