 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Santa Ana River  Wash Plan Land Exchange Act introduced by my Republican colleague and  regional partner, Colonel Paul Cook. The Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land  Exchange Act is the final step, as he mentioned, to complete the  transfer of land between the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation  District and the Bureau of Land Management, known as the BLM.   This legislation allows the BLM and the San Bernardino Valley Water  Conservation District to trade parcels of land which will benefit both  the BLM and the conservation district.   This land exchange will empower mining companies, Robertson's Ready  Mix, and CEMEX, which sit on land managed by the BLM, to increase  efficiency. And as the gentleman mentioned, by increasing that  efficiency, these local mining companies will produce aggregate that  will support numerous infrastructure projects and approximately $36  million in annual payroll from this site alone.   Additionally, the land exchange creates 59 acres of land for the  conservation district to use for conservation purposes to protect  endangered plants and species and for recharging water in more than 70  basins.   The wash plan has been an ongoing project since the late 1980s, when  it was a proposal from the cities of Highland and Redlands. As the  former mayor of Redlands, I worked on this project at the local level.  Years, and actually decades, of studies and committee reports have  culminated in this final presentation of the Upper Santa Ana River Wash  Plan.   The Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act moves this decades- long process forward, which will  [[Page H5204]]  allow San Bernardino County to take advantage of critical economic and  environmental benefits.   After years of working on this project at the local level and  listening to constituents and local stakeholders' comments and  questions, I can confidently say that this land exchange is widely  supported.   I have received letters of support from two mining companies affected  by the transfer, the County of San Bernardino, the city of Highland,  the city of Redlands, the San Bernardino Valley Conservation District,  a local chapter of the Habitat League, and Inland Action, which is an  organization of regional stakeholders that promote economic growth in  the Inland Empire.    This bill is a smart bipartisan plan that will help us support our  local economy and protect the environment. It is a victory for all  involved, and I offer my complete support and urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of the Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act.   I want to commend Representative Cook again. He has been a regional  leader on this issue. He has been a colleague. We have worked on many  of these issues that border our two districts. He has been incredibly  thoughtful in his approach to this. He has done a yeoman's work with  his staff in carrying forward this bill, and it is always a pleasure to  work with my colleague.   