 Mr. President, at this hour, we still don't know what the  House of Representatives is going to do. They are amending and changing  and modifying the reform of one-sixth of America's economy under the  cover of darkness, trying to secure the votes necessary to fulfill a  political promise. We await their decision as to how much havoc they  wreak.   I wanted to come down to the floor today to address for a moment the  exceptional process that is occurring right now, as we speak, in the  House of Representatives and to talk about one of the reported changes  they are considering before sending the product over to the Senate.   Just to review for a minute, Speaker Ryan likes to talk about his  approach to healthcare as a three-pronged approach. Well, the  Congressional Budget Office, headed by a gentleman handpicked by the  Republican House conference, agrees that it is a three-pronged  approach; they just have a little bit different interpretation of those  three prongs.   First, they say higher costs--15 to 20 percent spikes in premiums for  everybody right off the bat and then dramatically higher costs,  especially for older people, sicker people, and poorer people. If you  are young and if you are relatively affluent and healthy, you may make  out a little bit better under this proposal, but if you are not in that  category, you are going to pay a lot higher costs and get less care.   This is the headline from the CBO report: 24 million people lose  health coverage. That is catastrophic. That is the total population of  17 U.S. States. We just kick them off health insurance without anywhere  to go other than our emergency rooms.   Remember, all of this is in order to finance a giant tax cut for the  rich. I had a chart up here yesterday that showed that in this bill, if  you make zero to $200,000, you get no tax cut, but if you make over  $200,000, you get a nice, healthy tax cut. It could be up to $7 million  on average for some of the wealthiest taxpayers. So there will be  higher costs for everybody, except for maybe a very small slice of the  population, but with less care. I mean, it is a nightmare when it comes  to the number of people who lose care under this bill, all in order to  finance tax cuts for the wealthy.   That is the background on what TrumpCare is and what the American  Health Care Act is. People hate it. I mean, people hate it. There is a  new poll out by Quinnipiac University that shows stunning numbers. The  approval numbers for this bill are under 20 percent.   Republicans kicked the living you know what out of the Affordable  Care Act, and they never got its approval ratings down to under 20  percent, as has happened to the American Health Care Act in its third  week of existence. That is pretty impressive, for 18 percent of  Americans to approve of a bill that has only been out there for a few  weeks. And it is not because they don't know anything about it; over 50  percent of Americans don't like it, 18 percent support it, and 56  percent don't support it. Across demographic groups, across age groups,  everybody hates this thing because they get it. They are not dumb. They  know that this is taking healthcare from them and passing along higher  costs to them in order to finance a tax cut for the rich. It is pretty  simple. People really didn't need a lot of time to understand it.   Republicans in the House know that as this thing hangs out there, it  is getting less popular. It is hard to get less popular than 18  percent. Those are tough numbers to do worse than. The reason  Republicans are racing this bill through the process is because they  know how deeply unpopular it is because they know it is a scam. They  know it is essentially just taking healthcare from Americans and  forcing them to pay more in order to finance a tax cut for the rich.   What is happening today in the House is they are blowing up their  rules in order to push a bill through that no one will have looked at.  It is possible that they are going to file a gigantic reform to the  entire American healthcare system and then call a vote on it within  hours. Come on.   In 2009 and 2010, Republicans were blistering critics of Democrats,  who they said were forcing the Affordable Care Act through the process  too quickly. But in 2009 and 2010, the House held 79 bipartisan  hearings and markups on the health reform bill over the period of an  entire year. House Members spent nearly 100 hours in hearings, heard  from 181 witnesses from both sides of the aisle, considered 239  amendments, and accepted 121 amendments.   This bill was introduced 2 weeks ago. The first time the American  public ever looked at it was 2 weeks ago, and the House is rushing it  through today. Two weeks. Fourteen days. Twenty days. Not a year. Not  79 hearings. Not 100 hours of hearings. And we are talking about  bringing it up before the Senate for a vote next week, with 20 hours of  debate on a reordering of one-sixth of the American economy.   It is really extraordinary how this bill is getting jammed through  the process because Republicans know that every day it hangs out there,  more people figure out what it is--a massive transfer of wealth from  regular, ordinary Americans, through less care and higher costs, to the  very rich and also insurance companies and drug companies, which get a  big tax cut.   On today's modification of the bill, the talk today is that in order  to make the bill a little bit meaner and a little bit crueler, the  House is going to remove from the underlying law the requirement that  insurance companies cover a basic set of what are called essential  benefits. This change is being demanded by the very, very conservative  wing of the House Republican conference. They call themselves the  Freedom Caucus. This is a group of sort of the most radical Members in  the House of Representatives. They are demanding that these essential  healthcare benefits be stripped out of the law in order to get their  votes.   Let's talk about what these essential healthcare benefits are.  Basically the law now says that if you are offering an insurance plan  and you want to call it health insurance, then you have to actually  offer to cover healthcare. So the essential healthcare benefits--what  every plan today has to offer in order to be able to call itself  insurance in this country--are ambulatory patient care, which means  outpatient care, emergency care, hospitalizations; pregnancy,  maternity, and newborn care; mental health and substance abuse care;  prescription drugs; rehabilitation if you get injured; lab services;  tests; chronic disease management--management for diabetes or heart and  liver conditions; and pediatric services, services for kids. That is  it. Those are the essential healthcare benefits.   Frankly, if you are buying a health insurance plan, wouldn't you  expect that it would cover your emergency care if you were to go to an  emergency room? If you are buying healthcare in this country, what good  is it if it doesn't cover a hospitalization when you get very sick? If  you are buying an insurance plan in this country, don't you think it is  going to cover your kids when they need basic pediatric services?  [[Page S1961]]    So what is happening now is something different from healthcare  reform in the House of Representatives. What is happening now is a  radical rethink of what healthcare insurance is. If all of a sudden  health insurers don't need to cover the cost of your hospitalizations,  don't need to cover mental illness at all, don't need to cover  addiction coverage at all, then is it really insurance any longer? If  it is not covering that list of things, what is it covering?   CBO has an answer for this. CBO says that if there is an insurance  plan that doesn't cover this list of benefits, they won't count it as  insurance. So when they are giving you the numbers of people who will  have insurance or not have insurance after this bill, the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office says: We don't really count it as insurance  if it doesn't cover basic stuff, such as hospitalizations, outpatient  services, prescription drugs, and pediatric services.   So what is happening now in the House of Representatives is really a  radical rethink of healthcare insurance. Under the law they are  contemplating passing, healthcare insurance wouldn't need to cover  anything. You could buy an insurance plan, pay your premium, and then  be told that it doesn't cover your kid when he gets diagnosed with  schizophrenia, that it doesn't cover your daughter when she gets in an  accident and has to go to the emergency room, that it doesn't cover  your spouse when they get really sick and are hospitalized for 3 days.  What kind of coverage would that be any longer if it didn't cover that  list of things?   Let's be honest. This would be a massive transfer of cost to  individuals. The No. 1 prong of TrumpCare is higher costs. If insurance  companies don't need to cover any of these things anymore but you still  have to buy them, then it is just a massive shift of costs to  individuals because, remember, TrumpCare penalizes you if you don't buy  insurance.   The Affordable Care Act did the same thing, admittedly. The  Affordable Care Act said: If you don't buy insurance, you are going to  pay a penalty. But that is why the Affordable Care Act said that  insurance has to really be insurance. It has to cover stuff because if  we are going to require you to buy it or we are going to penalize you  if you don't buy it, then insurance should really be insurance.   Well, TrumpCare penalizes you if you don't buy insurance. You would  pay a massive penalty. For a lot of people, the penalty could be $5,000  if they don't buy insurance. But now the change they are considering in  the House of Representatives means the insurance product you will be  forced to buy won't cover diddly.   By the way, when your insurance company doesn't cover it and you have  to pick up the cost, it is going to cost you way more money. Everybody  has probably seen a bill from a hospital. Let's say you had to go in  and get a colonoscopy. You get your bill, and you always sort of  scratch your head because you see two numbers--you see the number the  hospital bills and then you see the number your insurance company pays.  Often, the number the insurance company pays is like one-third of what  that hospital billed. Why is that? It is because the insurance company  is negotiating with the hospital on behalf of thousands of patients, so  they get that price way, way down. The insurance company only pays a  fraction of the cost that is billed. If you don't have insurance  coverage for it, if all of a sudden it is not a benefit in your plan  because the American Health Care Act told insurance companies they  didn't have to cover a hospitalization, then you will pay that higher  price. You don't get the insurance company discount. You will pay that  higher number. That is going to bankrupt people.   The families in my State, when their child gets hooked on heroin,  they are going to find a way to pay for that care so that their child  doesn't become another statistic, another one of the 900 who died in my  State last year from overdoses. They are going to do everything  possible to get that child care for that addiction. They will mortgage  their house, they will sell their house, they will drain their savings  account, they will sell off every possession they have to make sure  their child does not die from an overdose and so that child gets the  care they need. If their insurance company won't cover it, then they  will do everything necessary to cover it, and you will have a rapid  increase in the number of people whose lives are ruined, who go  bankrupt because of their medical costs--something that doesn't happen  right now because the Affordable Care Act gives you real subsidies to  afford care. It gives you real help to be able to buy insurance, and it  requires that insurance companies actually provide you with insurance.    This is an extraordinary thing that is happening in the U.S. House of  Representatives right now. Nobody likes this bill. Healthcare experts  think it is a joke. The American public has roundly rejected it. It is  getting meaner and crueler every day in order to round up the votes  necessary to get it passed. Why? Because this bill is not about solving  any problem in the healthcare system. It doesn't solve a single  problem. Again, except for this narrow group of younger, healthier,  affluent people whose premiums will be a little bit less, everybody  else is worse off. It only solves one problem, a political problem--the  promise that the Republicans made to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  But they didn't spend any time thinking about how to actually do it. So  they are stuck now with an awful bill that nobody likes, that doesn't  solve a single problem, and that is getting meaner and meaner every  single day.   It was bad enough, and now this bill is frankly getting into some  really radical territory--talking about totally rethinking insurance  and letting insurance companies offer you a product that covers nothing  and then it requires you to buy it. Think about that. We are going to  require you to buy insurance, but the insurance isn't going to cover  anything. TrumpCare, the American Health Care Act--whatever you want to  call it--has three prongs: higher costs, less care, and tax cuts for  the rich.   We will have an opportunity here in the Senate to get this right. As  to the House of Representatives, I don't know if they are going to pass  this. I don't know if it is going to fall apart. But we will have a  chance to get this right. Republicans and Democrats coming together, we  can admit together that there are still a lot of things that are wrong  in our healthcare system.   In the Affordable Care Act, there are some good parts of it, but  other parts need improvement. We can come together and decide to tackle  this problem--the high drug costs, whatever it may be--together and  reject this partisan, rushed approach in the House of Representatives.  It does nothing except give us higher costs and less care in order to  finance tax cuts for the wealthy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   