 Mr. Speaker, this bill put forward  by congressional Republicans isn't a tax plan; it is a tax scam.   Republicans are going to borrow money on the backs of working  families to give a tax cut to corporations in the top 1 percent. This  will increase taxes on the middle class. This will add to our Nation's  debt and pass the bill to our children.   This Republican tax scam hurts seniors and families with long-term  medical needs by eliminating the medical expense deduction that 9  million Americans, and nearly 120,000 people in my home State of New  Mexico, depend upon.    Destroying the medical expense deduction delivers a staggering blow  to New Mexico families. Listen to this story sent to me by Lisa, a  constituent of mine from northern New Mexico:   ``My husband and I are lifelong native New Mexicans who grew up here,  went to college here, and have opened and operate our two businesses in  our home State. We are the proud parents of two wonderful children. New  Mexico's our home, and we're proud to live here, contribute to our  State's economy, and realize our version of the American Dream.   ``Like most families today, life isn't always easy. The kids and I  have medically complex conditions which require expensive medications,  and my husband and I struggle with student loan debt, housing and  transportation costs, and making a good life for our family. We incur  $5,000 to $7,000 in out-of-pocket medical costs each year. Without the  medical expense deductions, I am not sure we could continue to meet the  demands of raising healthy, happy children while keeping our businesses  going and growing.   ``For us, this deduction is a lifeline, and the thought of losing  that lifeline means we could drown in debt. That's not the American  Dream--that's a nightmare.''   This is real and this is personal to people all across the country.  Let's vote this bill down today, come back, work in a bipartisan  fashion, work with our ranking member, Mr. Richard Neal, and come up  with real tax reform that puts American working families first.   Mr. Speaker, let's do the right thing today and put hardworking  families first with our decision today.   