 Mr. Speaker, there are some real terrible parts to this  budget, but this, to me, is the worst.   This deduction has been part of our tax system before there was an  income tax, going back to the Civil War, for the very reasons that my  friend from Massachusetts just talked about. It wasn't just picked off  the shelf. People count on it. People count on this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the rule,  the previous question, the budget, the weather, whatever.   We know that this budget resolution paves the way for a tax reform  bill done through reconciliation. I am sure that is interesting.  Reconciliation on Governor Street in Paterson, New Jersey. I am sure  they want to know reconciliation when we are talking about their  pocketbooks; a dubious maneuver that blocks us Democrats completely out  of the process and allows Republicans to pass a purely partisan,  juiced-up bill.   Comprehensive tax reform is a goal we should all share, and lasting  tax reform should be bipartisan. My friend from Georgia, I think,  believes that, but this ain't it.   While they are cutting deals behind closed doors, what we are pushing  is eliminating the State and local tax deduction, and that is in the  Senate budget. They wrote it right out, the Capito amendment.   Republicans are so adamant about eliminating this middle class  benefit that they added an amendment to that budget before us today,  the so-called Capito amendment.   Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. A vote for this rule is a vote for the  budget, is a vote to repeal the State and local deduction.    Mr. Speaker, my colleagues representing New Jersey, New  York, Illinois, California, Minnesota, and so many other States,  including Georgia, including Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, better think long  and hard about their vote today.   The American people are watching to see if they vote to raise their  taxes. This amendment, the Capito amendment, in the budget falsely  claims that the SALT only benefits high-income taxpayers. Let's take a  look at that.   The fact is that repealing it would hurt the middle class and working  families. At the same time, how do you justify--through the Speaker,  how do you justify keeping the deduction still viable for corporations?  They can deduct the State and local taxes, but the families of America  can't? How can you justify that?   I want to hear your justification of that. That is going to be a good  one.   Forty percent of taxpayers with incomes between $50,000 and $75,000,  more than 70 percent of those making $100,000 to $200,000, claim the  State and local tax deduction.    Mr. Speaker, I will make it short, but I could stay  here all afternoon on this because I feel it in my bone marrow.   We are talking about tax cuts. We are increasing the tax burden on  the middle class, and you cannot deny it. There is no place in that  budget that you can deny it. None whatsoever. You could say: Well, we  are going to do this over here and this.   Look, I am tired of that walnut trick. Okay? Have you figured out  which it is under?   Groups representing realtors, mayors, teachers, firefighters,  sheriffs, et cetera, all support retaining the State and local tax  deduction. It is bad policy, plain and simple.   Mr. Speaker, I appeal to you, we have enough ammunition. We don't  need this ammunition for next year. Let's think about the budget of the  American people in a nonpartisan way.    Will the gentleman yield?    So, now that you have agreed to the fact the families  are going to get shafted but corporations will continue to be able to  deduct their local and State taxes, this is pertinent to the budget, my  friend, through the Speaker.   Right in the bill, the budget bill we are talking about right now,  the rule, previous question, related to changes in Federal tax laws,  which may include reducing the Federal deduction such as this--this is  right from the budget. Why do you say we are not discussing this?    Mr. Speaker, families in my friend's State, the great  State of Georgia, will lose a tax deduction of $9,000, those families,  on average. I think you are concerned about that. You cannot fib that  you are not.   And the fact of the matter is you used the words--through the  Speaker, you used the words that your States are subsidizing the donor  States? Well, let me give you an idea of New Jersey.   States like West Virginia, the average SALT deduction claim is $9,463  per household; in Ohio, it is $10,445; in Wisconsin, it is $11,653.    Mr. Speaker, 48th, 49th State, that is where New Jersey  is in getting back the money we send down to Washington. Who subsidizes  whom?   And Mnuchin, go back and tell the Secretary of the Treasury he  doesn't know what he is talking about. He says New Jersey is being  subsidized? Not these numbers; the numbers don't show that.   You can't defend this. You can't defend it under any circumstances  whatsoever, and you have admitted that we are talking facts here today.   I rest my case.   