 Mr. Speaker, New Mexico gets 40 percent of its State's  revenues from oil and gas, that is, 40 percent of our teachers' pay, 40  percent of our government institutions, law enforcement, hospitals--40  percent. So when the Federal Government begins to adjust the rules, we  in New Mexico take an interest because it provides our jobs and it  provides the way we educate our children.   Now, we have two points of view being postulated on this argument  nationwide. One says that the government is suddenly becoming the model  of efficiency. I wonder where that efficiency is with regard to the  $200 billion of fraud in Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. The  government hasn't suddenly gotten efficient about that. Or just your  local post office, has it suddenly gotten efficient about that? Or you  could listen to the argument that the government is suddenly interested  in the environment and we are going to make it clean.   The BLM did not say a word when the Gold King Mine spill not only was  allowed, but mandated to be turned loose by the EPA. The heavy metals  ran down across those public lands and currently sit in the streambeds  in New Mexico, and our friends say that the government is suddenly all  worried about the environment.   When you look specifically at the venting and flaring rule, we are  told that oil and gas production went up dramatically in the last  years. The truth is, when you dissect it down, oil and gas production  on private lands went up dramatically. Oil and gas on public lands, the  government lands owned by the BLM and other agencies, went down  dramatically.   So when the BLM decided to go in and control the venting and flaring  of gasses, then we in New Mexico looked and said, is the government  suddenly being more concerned about us or is it one more wink and nod  to the special interests who want to kill the industries? They have  already succeeding in killing the timber industry in this country. They  have the coal industry on its back, and they want to kill the oil and  gas industry that provides the jobs in New Mexico.   Yes, we have an opinion about that. Oil and gas production, again,  educates our kids. Oil and gas production provides our jobs. It  provides the way of life that we in this country are looking for. We  contribute heavily to that, but we don't stand silently when the  government suddenly decides our best interests are at stake.    Mr. Speaker, we could go through all of the examples. The  truth is many reports say that over three-quarters of the marginal  wells--those are the ones in New Mexico; we have the stripper wells,  the marginal wells--will be shut in by this action.   You are going to take money away from our State government. You are  going to take jobs away from the people. I support the resolution. We  should back this regulation off, cut the red tape that is starving  America's jobs out of this country.   