 Thank you, Mr. President.   History was made on the floor of the Senate Chamber today. I don't  think it  [[Page S4172]]  has ever happened before. Think about this: 50 out of 100 Senators came  to the floor with the Vice President of the United States and voted to  begin debate on a bill they have never seen--a bill they have never  seen--because we don't know what the Republicans are going to offer as  the alternative to the Affordable Care Act.   There have been a lot of different versions. Technically, the one  that is before us now is the version that passed the House of  Representatives, but I think the Republican leader, Senator McConnell,  has known from the beginning that has no chance whatsoever. So many  Republicans have taken a look at what the House passed and said: We  can't vote for that. You have to give us something different. The  problem the Senate Republicans ran into is that they couldn't come up  with anything better.   They tried. They wrote several different versions, and every time  they would write a version of the new Affordable Care Act, it got worse  for the American people, and here is what I mean. Under one proposal  for the Republicans--not the one before us, but the Senate  Republicans--1 million people in my home State of Illinois would have  lost their health insurance. There are 12.5 million people in Illinois,  and 1 million would have lost their health insurance because of  dramatic cutbacks in Medicaid and cutbacks in the premium support that  is given to a lot of working families to buy regular health insurance  in the health insurance market.   It was so terrible that every time Republicans came up with a Senate  proposal, two or two of them would announce: Can't buy it, won't vote  for it--and ran away from it.   So Senator McConnell came to the floor today and said: I am begging  you, just vote to open debate on a bill that I haven't written yet, and  50 Republican Senators did, and the Vice President broke the tie, the  50-to-50 tie to move forward, and here we are.   Let me start by tossing flowers--and this will probably get them in  trouble--to two Republican Senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa  Murkowski of Alaska. They were the only two Republican Senators who had  the courage to stand up and say: This is wrong. We shouldn't do this to  the American people. They are the only two who are willing to say that  we should have done this differently.   There is an interesting thing that happened at the end of this. At  the very last moment, the very last vote that was cast was cast by  Senator John McCain. Everybody knows John has been diagnosed with a  serious form of cancer. He made it back from Arizona here to cast his  vote, and he asked for 15 minutes after the rollcall to make a speech.  I don't think many, if any, Senators left the Chamber. Democrats and  Republicans stuck around to hear his speech after the vote. Can I tell  you that is unusual in the Senate? Most of us race for the doors and go  up to our offices and watch on television and may catch a piece of this  speech and a piece of the other speech, but we sat and listened because  of our respect for John McCain.   He is my friend. We came from the House of Representatives together  many years ago. I served with him in the Senate when we put together a  bipartisan group to rewrite the immigration laws for America--four  Democrats, four Republicans. I sat across the table with John for  months. We went back and forth through all the provisions on  immigration. John even conceded today that he has an interesting  temper. There were days when John McCain was Mount Vesuvius, just  exploding in every direction, and you had to step back. And there were  days when he smothered you with kindness. That is the way he is. We  love him for it.   He came today to give a speech that every American should read if you  want to understand how a Democratic Senator can stand on the floor and  give compliments and praise to a Republican Senator, which I am about  to do. Senator McCain said that we have to do something about this  country of ours--the political divisions. I will not get the words  perfectly, but he said to us: Will you please start ignoring these  radio and TV and internet talking heads who want us to fail and make a  living by laughing at us? Will you ignore those people? Instead, look  to what this institution, the U.S. Senate, is all about and what we  should be doing to solve the problems for the people we represent.   John McCain went on to say: Why don't we have debates on the floor of  the Senate anymore?   Do you know what? He is right. We are 7 months into this year's  Senate session. We have not had one bill on the floor of the Senate  that we have debated and amended--not one. This is a first, and it is  in this kind of convoluted reconciliation process where you speed up  the amendments.   Think about this. We are amending your healthcare policy that affects  you and your family. We are amending how you will buy health insurance  as an individual and how your company will buy health insurance for  you. We are amending, basically, whether your insurance policy is going  to protect your family or not. Listen to how it works.    People propose an amendment, and then we debate it. Do you know how  long we debate it? We debate it for 1 minute on both sides.  Disgraceful. John McCain called us on it today and asked: Why have we  reached this point when an issue this important is going through a  process that is totally partisan?   You see, the Republicans decided early on that they were not going to  invite us to the party; that they were going to write this healthcare  bill by themselves, in secret. Senator McConnell picked 13 Republican  Senators, and they sat for I don't know how long--months, weeks--and  wrote a bill. One of them I mentioned earlier was ultimately rejected  by the Republicans themselves. John McCain challenged us and said: For  goodness' sake. He has been in the Senate--and I have too--during a  time when it was much different. He really begged us, pleaded, and  urged us to get back to that time when we worked together on a  bipartisan basis to solve problems. John McCain was right. I did not  agree with his vote to put us in this position we are in at this  moment, but I was encouraged by the way he closed. He turned to Senator  McConnell, who was sitting right there, and said to him: Do not count  on my vote on final passage. I want to see what we do in this bill. I  want to see how we debate this bill.   One Republican Senator like John McCain can make the difference as to  whether this process stops and a real bipartisan process starts. Isn't  that what the American people expect of us?   Seated in the Chair, the Presiding Officer, is a brandnew Senator  from the State of Alabama.   Welcome, Senator Strange.   He comes here because Senator Sessions went on to become the Attorney  General. He has seen the Senate for a couple of months or 3 months,  maybe--5 months now--and I am sure he has his impressions of this body.  They may be different than what he thought about it before he was  elected. Yet I can tell him for sure that this is a much different  Senate than the one Patty Murray was elected to, that it is much  different than the one I was elected to. Even for Mike Enzi, my friend  from Wyoming, it is much different than the one he saw.   I see my colleague here, Senator Schatz, from Hawaii.   How long have you been here now, Brian?    Four-and-a-half years.   He is a newbie, and he has not seen the Senate I am describing.   Can you believe there was a time in the Senate when we would bring an  important measure to the floor on many different issues, and Members  would come to the floor--I am not making this up--and actually hand an  amendment to the clerk and say: I would like to offer an amendment to  the bill. Then we would debate it, and then we would vote on it.  Sometimes you won, sometimes you lost, and you moved on to the next  amendment. That actually happened on the Senate floor. For the people  who are new to the Senate, I am sure they do not believe me, but it did  happen over and over and over. We had a healthy respect for one  another. The amendments went back and forth, and we ended up seeing  bills passed that made a difference in America.   What we are doing now is a disgrace to this institution, and it does  not honor the Senate, its Members, or our Constitution when what is at  stake is  [[Page S4173]]  so important. In looking at some of the provisions that have been  brought before us in the Senate's Republican repeal bills to repeal the  Affordable Care Act, I do not know how they can do it. I do not know  how Senators could go home and say in their home States: A million of  you are going to lose your health insurance because of something I just  voted for.   Health insurance means a lot to me personally. I have said it on the  floor. There was a time in my life when I was a brandnew law student  and was married. God sent me and my wife this beautiful little baby.  She had some health issues, and we had no health insurance, as I was a  law student. We ended up sitting in the charity ward of a local  hospital here in Washington, hoping our baby girl would have a good,  talented, capable doctor walk through the door and see her. I was not  sure because I did not have health insurance. I will never forget that  as long as I live, and I thought to myself that it will never happen to  me again. I am going to have health insurance no matter what it takes.  It meant that much to me, and it means that much to everybody.   There is not a single one of us who does not want the peace of mind  of knowing that if we get sick or if someone we love gets sick, he will  have access to good hospitals and good doctors. That is what health  insurance is all about. As the Republican proposals eliminate health  insurance for 60 million, 20 million, 30 million Americans, you ask  yourself: How can you do that to this country?   The cuts they make in Medicaid have really educated America about  Medicaid. People know about Social Security. They know what that is all  about. We all pay into it and wait to receive our Social Security  checks when we reach that age. They also know about Medicare. You have  to be 65 years of age. It is pretty good coverage, isn't it? The ones  who receive it think it is a pretty good deal to have Medicare coverage  when they reach the age of 65, but Medicaid was one of those mystery  programs. People were not sure. What does it do? The Medicaid Program  in America does the following:   In Illinois, that program takes care of half of the new mothers and  their babies. Half of them are paid for by Medicaid--prenatal care to  make sure the baby is healthy, the delivery of the baby. Afterward, the  mom and baby are taken care of, paid for by Medicaid. This is one out  of every two births in Illinois.   Medicaid also sends provisions--money--to your local school  districts. I will bet you did not know that. If your local school  district has a special education program--and virtually all of them  do--they receive Medicaid to pay for some basics. It pays for  counselors for special ed students. Sometimes transportation in a local  school district in downstate Illinois or feeding tubes for some  severely disabled students are paid for by Medicaid. You may not know  that for disabled people, Medicaid is their health insurance. Many of  them have no place else to turn.   I mentioned on the floor before that a mother in Champaign, IL, with  an autistic child, said: Senator, if it were not for Medicaid, my son  would have to go into an institution. I couldn't afford it.   Medicaid is his health insurance.   I have not touched the most expensive part of Medicaid of which you  may not know, which is that two out of three people in nursing homes  depend on Medicaid to get basic medical care. Medicare is not enough.  They need the help of Medicaid. So if it is Mom or Dad or Grandma or  Grandpa who is in a nursing home, two out of three of them depend on  Medicaid.   The Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act says we are  going to cut the spending on Medicaid, that 25 to 35 percent will be  cut. That is why Governors of both political parties have screamed  bloody murder: You cannot do that. You are cutting the Federal  contribution to Medicaid in our States. Who is going to pay for that  baby? Who is going to pay for the mom? Who is going to pay the school  district? Who is going to pay for the disabled? Who will take care of  the folks in nursing homes?   Why did they make that deep of a cut in Medicaid--a program that is  so important to so many people? There is the tough part. That deep of a  cut was made in Medicaid so Republicans, in their healthcare proposal,  could include a tax break for the wealthiest people in America, for  health insurance companies, and--get this--for pharmaceutical  companies. To give them tax breaks, they had to cut Medicaid coverage  for all of the people whom I just described.   Is it any wonder that many Republicans backed away from this? Senator  Heller, of Nevada, talked to Governor Sandoval--both Republicans--and  said he could not support an early version of the bill because of the  deep cuts in Medicaid.   If this is supposed to be an improvement over the Affordable Care  Act, which part of it is an improvement? Is it in cutting Medicaid  coverage for all of those people, saying that your health insurance  policy does not have to cover people with preexisting conditions,  raising the cost of healthcare premiums, particularly for people  between the ages of 50 and 64, eliminating health insurance for  millions? Is that an improvement over the current system? It is not. It  is a disaster.   The question is, By the end of this debate, after we have gone  through this crazy process of voting up and down quickly and with very  little debate, will one more Republican Senator stand up and say  unacceptable? Two of them have. If one more will join them, then we can  get down to the real business we should face. The real business is  being the Senate again with regular order, which means taking the  measure to the HELP Committee. Senator Murray, of Washington, is the  ranking Democrat. Senator Lamar Alexander is the chairman from  Tennessee. I respect him and like him a lot. The two of them ought to  have hearings on a bill to change the affordable care system and make  it work better, bring down the cost of premiums, and expand health  insurance coverage. I think that is what we should be all about.   Now, there is a basic difference in philosophy here. I will close  with this, but this is what drives us. Answer the following question,  and I can tell you how you are going to vote on this bill:   Do you believe healthcare is a right for every American or do you  believe it is a privilege; that if you have enough money and you are  lucky enough, you can get it, and if you don't, you go without.   If you answer the question that it is a right, that it should be a  right in America, then you have to reject this approach. You cannot  take helpless people, some of whom are working hard in two and three  jobs at a time and who have no healthcare benefits, and say to them:  Sorry. Our system will not take care of you.   One last point. The irony of that is that if you do not give people  health insurance, if you do not give them protection, they still get  sick, they still go to the hospital, and they still get care. What  happens to the bills they cannot pay? Everybody else pays them. Before  the Affordable Care Act, each of us paid $1,000 a year in premiums just  to cover for the people who could not afford health insurance.   We think there is a better way. We think Americans should have access  to affordable health insurance across the board, and we think we can  achieve that if we work together on a bipartisan basis. So I hope one  more Republican Senator will join Senators Collins and Murkowski and  bring us back to what John McCain described on the floor today to the  Senate--of having a real debate about real issues and really caring  about the American people.   I yield the floor.   