 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Mr. Hultgren and, as he  mentioned, Ranking Member Waters and a number of members of the  committee who are supporting this. I, myself, am a cosponsor of the  legislation.   This is a bill that is quite simple: it makes a technical correction  to Dodd-Frank to address an issue regarding the term of the independent  member with insurance expertise on the Financial Stability Oversight  Council, or FSOC. The current term, as Mr. Hultgren indicated, is set  to expire on September 30, and it remains unclear as to whether a  successor will be confirmed in a timely fashion.   Dodd-Frank does address how to fill a vacancy, pending the  appointment of an agency head, but it does not address the question as  it relates to the insurance member. As such, this bill would allow the  current independent insurance member to remain a voting member of the  FSOC for the earlier of either 18 months or the appointment of a  successor. Of course, this will ensure that FSOC continues to have a  member that can bring important insurance expertise to the discussions  and that the entire roster of voting members on the FSOC is complete.   This legislation, I think, is a really good example of the  cooperation that we can see across the aisle in order to make  commonsense corrections to improve Dodd-Frank. Perhaps this is  something that can form the basis of further work.   As my friend, Mr. Hultgren, said, the bill passed the Financial  Services Committee by a unanimous 60-0 vote. So I thank him for  bringing this bill up. I thank the many Democrats and Republicans who  have joined us in cosponsoring this legislation, and I look forward to  swift enactment.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, noting the bipartisan nature of this bill, I  suppose I ought to learn to quit while we are ahead. This is good  legislation. It is common sense. It fixes a problem. It continues the  continuity of the FSOC and makes sure we have a full membership of that  committee, including insurance representation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   