 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, last week, the House and Senate passed a  short-term funding bill to keep the government open as Republican and  Democratic negotiators continue to work on a long-term spending deal.  The negotiations are advancing well, but many issues remain to be  resolved.   First and foremost, we must resolve the issue of the spending caps.  If we do nothing, there will be painful and unnecessary cuts to both  defense spending and programs that invest directly in jobs and economic  development for the middle class in early January. We must lift the  spending caps for defense and also those urgent domestic priorities in  equal measure. That has been the basis of the successful budget  agreements going back several years and as recently as April of this  year. There was parity between defense and nondefense, and that is how  it ought to stay. That is what brought us home to a good agreement and  no shutdowns in previous years.   As the opioid crisis continues to rage, dimming the bright future of  so many Americans, we have a moral obligation to step up our country's  support for addiction treatment and recovery. I have had a father cry  in my arms because his son was online waiting to get into a treatment  program, but it was too crowded. He had to wait, and his son died of an  overdose before he could get in. We can't have that in America.   So many of our young people, the flower of our youth, are dying or  being hurt so badly, addicted, with this opioid crisis. We cannot sit  by, just as we cannot sit by with foreign threats that plague our  country.   As veterans continue to struggle to find the quality healthcare they  deserve after bravely serving this Nation, we should be making  additional investments in veterans' healthcare and veterans hospitals.  Just as we need to help  [[Page S7951]]  our soldiers abroad, we need to help those who have fought for us,  risked their lives for us, and now have healthcare problems.   As hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of miners, truckdrivers,  construction workers, and food service workers approach retirement age,  we have to make sure the pension plans promised to them have enough in  the bank to fulfill that promise. These people painstakingly paid every  month into their plans, and so did their employers. They would forgo  larger salary increases so they could make sure they are taken care of  when they retire.   Now that the pension funds--in good part because of the crash of  2008--don't have the money they need, these people should not be left  out. Hard-working American families deserve to retire with the dignity  and security they have earned. If we don't meet these pension  obligations today, they are going to cost the government a whole lot  more tomorrow. That is why Democrats are fighting for a pension  solution in the year-end spending bill.   These are all urgent priorities. There are more. They can't wait  another day, just as we must make sure our men and women in uniform  have the resources and support they need to do their job. Let's do both  in a bipartisan way.   As Democrats continue to push for desperately needed funding to  combat the opioid crisis, improve veterans' healthcare, and shore up  pension plans, we will also be pushing to reauthorize CHIP--the  Children's Health Insurance Program--and community health centers, as  well as dealing with certain healthcare programs that have expired.   We have to do more for the Americans in Texas, Florida, Louisiana,  Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands who are still recovering from  devastating natural disasters.   We are in the process of negotiating with Republicans to provide a  significant investment in border security in exchange for DACA. These  talks continue to progress, and I am hopeful we can reach an agreement  on that issue as well.   We have a lot to get done before the end of the year. We don't have  much time to do it, but with the concerted effort of both parties,  negotiating in good faith, I believe we can reach an agreement  acceptable not to every Member of either Chamber but to large numbers  of Members on both sides of the aisle so we can pass our agreement by a  wide margin.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   