 Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan) to offer the Congressional Progressive Caucus  budget amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise to offer this amendment to replace the reckless  Republican budget that is being considered before this House.   Instead of a doomsday budget that presents a future where everything  is bleak and opportunity is nonexistent, the Progressive Caucus is  offering a budget that can prove that the future can be bright and  prosperous.   The Republican budget sacrifices everything from public education to  Social Security to Medicare and Medicaid. It does this for one reason  and one reason only: to give the wealthiest few and the corporations  more tax breaks and increase their standing and concentration of power  and wealth in this country more than it is already.   It has been said over and over that the budget that we are presenting  we feel does deal with the values of this country. It deals very  directly with something that is important to this Nation, and that is  the American people, the greatest resource that we have as a nation,  and we see it day in and day out.   This budget invests in the American people. It invests in jobs, it  invests in solid education, and it invests in the greater good.   This budget is not narrow, tilted to a few: the wealthiest and the  corporations in this country. It deals with the totality of who the  American people are: those who are struggling and need opportunity,  those who are elderly and need the continued support of this Nation  through Medicare and Social Security, those who are poor who need  Medicaid and a good education system so their opportunity will be  better in the future.   Our budget speaks to the values of the American people. Our budget  speaks to the needs of the American people. Our budget speaks to a  future that returns the values, to the American people, of opportunity,  of hope, and of chance.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan), the co-chair of the Congressional Progressive  Caucus, and I thank Mr. Pocan and his office staff for the fine work  and time that they put into working on this budget that we are  proposing today.    Mr. Chairman, what the Progressive Caucus budget does,  and does very clearly, is that we end the special treatment for Wall  Street buddies of the majority of this Congress.   Meanwhile, their budget has no problem hitting low- and middle-income  families with their tax plan. Under their plan, corporations get a $2  trillion cut, $2.4 trillion, and the richest 1 percent will get a tax  cut worth $130,000 next year; and many middle class families will have  to pay more.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Ms. Jayapal), a valued member of the Progressive Caucus.    Mr. Chairman, the Progressive Caucus budget invests in  the American people, invests in America, and still reduces the deficit  by $4 trillion over 10 years.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Ted Lieu), my friend and a member of the Progressive Caucus.    Mr. Chairman, Americans in this Congress do have a  choice. Our budget is a contrast to what the Republicans are proposing.  We can either cut Medicare to pay for more tax breaks for millionaires  and billionaires as our Republican budget does, or we can close tax  loopholes to protect essential programs that invest in jobs. We chose  investment.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Espaillat).    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the remaining time  each side has.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), a leader in our caucus and a leader here in  Congress.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   In the debate on the Republican budget and how it contrasts with the  Congressional Progressive Caucus budget, we heard a lot about needing  to control mandatory spending, that that was the real issue here,  runaway mandatory spending.   Make no mistake, when my Republican colleagues talk about cutting  mandatory spending, they mean they want to cut Medicare and Social  Security to pay for the trillion-dollar tax scam and creative numbers  that are part of their budget for the wealthy and for the corporations  in America.   The other issue that we heard a lot about is that, by making these  major cuts for the wealthiest and the rich, that somehow their net gain  and their profit and their break on taxes is going to trickle down to  the rest of us. Well, we have seen that movie before in this country.  That trickle-down theory doesn't work. The money doesn't trickle down,  and the American people won't be fooled about that again.   Our budget invests $2 trillion in infrastructure and jobs  immediately. Our budget takes bold action to fight climate change, and  our budget delivers on the promise for our children, their inheritance  of this country, the inheritance of the children that everybody is  worried about a deficit. We are worried about their future as well.   Our budget delivers on the promise of childcare for all, pre-K for  all, and a robust public education system to provide all kids with an  opportunity to succeed in this Nation.   Our budget is about the future, our budget is about emphasizing the  values that make this country special and great, and our budget is a  contrast. It offers a contrast about what this country can be if it  invests in its people.   The road that we have been on for far too long in which we have  disinvested in people, shifted wealth and burden onto the middle class  and the working class in this country, that time has ended. Our budget  represents that end.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the people's budget, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   