 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I was tempted to stop at that podium. One of my Republican  predecessors used to come over here a long time ago and speak to  Democrats from this podium and then walk back and speak to his  Republican colleagues.   This is truly something that both podiums support. It is a bipartisan  effort. I was privileged to work with Congresswoman Comstock's  predecessor, Frank Wolf, and we worked arm in arm, hip to hip, shoulder  to shoulder for a decade with Republican administrations, both the  Reagan administration and with the first Bush administration, and this  truly is a bipartisan effort to enhance America's subway.   I say ``America's subway'' because not only do our people use it that  live in the region, but millions of Americans who come to Washington,  D.C., to see their Capital use their Metro system. I am proud to be the  sponsor of this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   People throughout the National Capital region depend upon Metro to  get to work, reach family and friends, and access shopping and  entertainment, as so many of my colleagues have already said. It is the  lifeblood of the area's economy. Nobody probably knows that better than  Gerry Connolly, who was the head of one of the largest subdivisions in  our region and knows how critically important Metro is to our region.   Metro--I have referred to it as the ``ties that bind the Washington  metropolitan area together''--is used by millions of visitors to our  Nation's Capital who come from across the country. It is critical to  the functioning of our Federal Government, with Federal employees  making up nearly 40 percent of its ridership. They and many military  personnel rely on Metro to get to their offices and duty stations on  time so they can serve the American people.   As anyone who spends time in this city knows, Metro has had its share  of challenges in recent years, including, of course, safety issues that  have prompted an ambitious overhaul of safety procedure and  infrastructure, which was absolutely necessary and too long in coming.   Safety must continue to be Metro's number one priority both for its  passengers and for its employees. Our resolution, Mr. Speaker--when I  refer to ``our,'' the entire metropolitan delegation--would provide  congressional consent for the establishment of a Metrorail Safety  Commission--Mrs. Comstock spoke of that; Mr. Raskin has spoken of that;  I am sure others will as well--which will provide real enforcement  teeth to our region's commitment to enhancing Metro safety. The safety  commission is being launched jointly by Congress, Maryland, Virginia,  and the District of Columbia.  [[Page H5899]]    I want to thank Ms. Norton, who, herself, has worked so long and so  effectively on behalf of Washington's Metro system. Thank you very  much, Congresswoman Norton.   The Federal Transit Administration is currently withholding  approximately $8.9 million, which Mrs. Comstock referred to. This step  will be a significant step in making sure that that $8.9 million is  released. Maryland, Virginia, and D.C. have all given their approval  already, the Virginia Legislature, the Maryland Legislature, and the  D.C. legislature. Now it is up to Congress.   But today's resolution is not an end. It is an important step, but  not an end. It must signal an ongoing commitment across the region to  Metro and, yes, by the Congress itself.   I believe that if Metro is to become safer and more reliable, it must  have a dedicated funding source. That is not the issue in this  resolution, but it is the issue before Metro and before our region and  before our country. That is why I will continue to push for more  Federal investment in Metro and for WMATA to have every resource it  needs to keep its riders and employees safe, which is to say all of the  American people who use it on their visits here as well as those of us  who live here.   I want to thank each of the Members of our delegation, our regional  delegation, who work together on behalf of the region; and I want to  thank, in particular, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, who sponsored  this legislation on the Senate side. We have all been working hard to  ensure this resolution comes to the floor and to make sure all  stakeholders have been at the table.   I thank my delegation, the regional delegation, and I thank Mr.  Goodlatte for bringing this resolution to the floor in a timely  fashion; and I thank certainly one of our newest Members but one of our  most able Members, Mr. Raskin.   