 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1973.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Today, we are able to continue our efforts in protecting children by  passing legislation to protect young athletes from abuse. The country  was shocked at the revelations in recent years concerning the ongoing  abuse endured by young athletes at the hands of their coaches and  trainers in USA Gymnastics and USA Swimming. These children were  betrayed by people they trusted, by people they looked up to, and by  people who had a duty to protect them.   That is why I am pleased to be on the floor here today in support of  the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. This bill imposes a  requirement to report child abuse for those authorized by U.S. sport  national governing bodies, such as USA Gymnastics and USA Swimming, to  work with minor athletes or members of these governing bodies.   As is the case with existing Federal mandatory reporting  requirements, these individuals will be required to make a prompt  report to law enforcement when they learn of facts that give reason to  suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse. This  provision will ensure that the malfeasance on the part of national  governing bodies, like USA Gymnastics, in failing to report allegations  of abuse to law enforcement, never occurs again.   The bill further strengthens existing civil remedies for victims of  sexual abuse who wish to seek civil damages from their abusers. The  bill clarifies that once a victim has established a harm occurred, the  court will presume damages of $150,000. It relaxes the statute of  limitations for victims. The 10-year period will now begin when the  victim reasonably discovers the violation or harm, not when it accrues.  It also extends the statute of limitations to 10 years after a legal  disability is lifted. In other words, minors who are victims will have  10 years from the time they reach adulthood to file.   Finally, the bill expands the authority of the national governing  bodies to develop practices, policies, and procedures to prevent sexual  abuse, and clarifies the duties of the bodies in developing these  practices.   Sports have always been a central aspect of American life. Sports  teach our children about focus, teamwork, and leadership, and we should  encourage our children to participate, to be a part of healthy  competition; but, in doing so, we need to assure we keep these  competitive atmospheres safe.   I am pleased to see that the U.S. Olympic Committee has helped to  establish a new organization called the Center for Safe Sport, to  prevent and respond to emotional, physical, and sexual abuse of young  athletes.   I want to commend the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks) for  introducing this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Brooks), the chief sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 352, I call  up the bill (H.R. 1761) to amend title 18, United States Code, to  criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction, or live  transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for  other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1761.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 1761, the  Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017, and urge my  colleagues to do the same. I would like to note that May is National  Missing Children's Month and today marks National Missing Children's  Day. It is an honor to be on the floor here today as we continue our  mission to protect these innocent victims.   We have made great strides toward ending child exploitation. However,  gaps still exist in our laws that are contrary to Congress' goal of  protecting children and criminalizing the production of images of child  sexual abuse.   H.R. 1761 takes necessary steps to close an unfortunate loophole  created by a Fourth Circuit decision in United States v. Palomino- Coronado--a case in which a defendant was able to walk free from  Federal conviction despite photographic evidence he had engaged in the  sexual abuse of a 7-year-old child.   On May 3, 2012, Prince George's County police officers responded to a  home in Laurel, Maryland, based on a report of a missing 7-year-old  child known as ``B.H.'' Officers found the child at the fence that  separated her house and her neighbor's house. Upon investigation, it  was uncovered that the neighbor, Anthony Palomino-Coronado, a 19-year- old male, had sexually molested the child.   At trial, the jury found the defendant guilty of knowingly employing,  using, persuading, inducing, enticing, or coercing a minor in sexually  explicit conduct, for the purpose of producing a visual depiction of  that conduct--in other words, for the production of child pornography.  The defendant appealed his conviction, alleging insufficient evidence.   Incredibly, the Fourth Circuit vacated the defendant's conviction,  finding there was insufficient evidence the defendant's sexual abuse of  the 7-year-old girl was ``for the purpose of'' creating an image of  such conduct. The court found that, though the defendant engaged in  sexual conduct with a child, ``the fact that only one image was  produced militates against finding that his intent in doing so was to  take a picture.''   Essentially, the court decided that the defendant had engaged in  sexual conduct with a 7-year-old and taken a picture but had not  engaged in sexual conduct with a 7-year-old to take a picture. To me,  this is a preposterous, offensive result.   Under the Fourth Circuit's reasoning in Palomino, a defendant could  admit to sexually abusing a child, and memorializing the conduct, but  could argue that he should, nonetheless, escape Federal conviction  because he lacked the requisite purpose or specific intent, prior to  initiating the sexual abuse. Indeed, defense attorneys have begun to  raise these Palomino defenses in other courts.   In response to Palomino, H.R. 1761 establishes additional bases of  liability to the crime of production of child pornography.  Specifically, the bill clarifies existing law by prohibiting the  knowing production of, or knowingly causing the production of, a visual  depiction of a real minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct.   Additionally, H.R. 1761 amends current law to prohibit the knowing  transmission of, or knowingly causing the transmission of, a live  visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct while  also criminalizing the knowing creation of the visual depiction of a  minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct.   This language will serve to fix this judicially created loophole and  ensure our court system will not have to spend time evaluating this  meritless defense and will make certain predators such as this will not  be able to escape Federal consequences.   Mr. Speaker, with this bill, Congress' intent is clear. We must  continue to protect our children, the most vulnerable and innocent  members of society. I commend the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Johnson), a member of the Judiciary Committee, for introducing this  important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous  consent that the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson) may control  that time.   