 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the  kind words that Chairman Goodlatte and my friend, Mr. Collins, have  tossed my way.   We do get along up here, amazingly enough. People think that we all  just fight all the time and we have nothing no common. There are some  big issues that do divide us, and that is why you have competitive  elections with two parties and two different debates. But most folks up  here get along, and are friends, and we do have legislation that we can  work on, and this is one of those places where Mr. Collins and Mr.  Goodlatte and other members of the Judiciary Committee worked with me  and others to bring this bill to the floor.   The Equal Access to Justice Act will allow Americans to recover  attorneys' fees and costs when they win a lawsuit against the Federal  Government. This will enable ordinary citizens, veterans, seniors,  small business owners, advocates for clean air and clean water, et  cetera, to fight unfair or illegal government actions without fear of  having to pay court costs and without fear of having attorneys' fees  that they otherwise might not be able to afford.   The law has been a success. However, in 1995, an important reporting  requirement was removed from the law, and it made it harder for the  public to see how much money the government had awarded. Our bill, H.R.  1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, restores the law's  tracking and reporting requirements of payments awarded so the American  people can have access to this important information. It will do this  by requiring the group called ACUS, an acronym, which we have too many  of up here, but this one is the Administrative Conference of the United  States, a highly respected nonpartisan agency which was greatly  championed by Justice Scalia, to post in an online database the fees  and costs awarded in these cases. The database would also include the  number and nature of the claims involved. The availability of this  information will help keep the public informed and help Congress to  conduct better oversight.   I thank my Judiciary Committee colleague, Doug Collins from Georgia,  for his partnership on the bill. I would like to thank Representatives  Schrader and Collin Peterson for their support for this bill on our  side of the aisle, as well as Jason Chaffetz, Liz Cheney, Paul Gosar,  and Raul Labrador on the Republican side, as well as Chairman  Goodlatte.   And I would like to recall the work of our former colleague,  Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, who had this bill in the past, and we  worked together to try to make it a bipartisan effort and pass it. She  worked doggedly on the legislation for years, and I know that she will  be pleased that we are building upon her efforts. And while she is no  longer here, she is truly in a better place, Wyoming, I think it is, a  nice place.   I urge the House to pass the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice  Act. And I was pleased the Cats won.   