 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 351, which condemns the  violence and persecution against LGBT or perceived-to-be LGBT  individuals in Chechnya.   This resolution is an example of the strong bipartisanship of the  House Foreign Affairs Committee under the leadership of Chairman Ed  Royce and Ranking Member Eliot Engel. I thank my good friend, Ileana  Ros-Lehtinen, who has long been a champion of the dignity of all people  around the world, for introducing H. Res. 351. I also thank the  chairman and ranking member for working with us to ensure this  resolution was passed without delay and with the support of the full  committee.   On April 1 of this year, the Novaya Gazeta, one of the few  independent Russian newspapers, posted a chilling report detailing a  concerted campaign by Chechen authorities to identify, round up,  torture, and murder gay or perceived-to-be-gay men and women in the  Chechen region of Russia.   Dozens of suspected LGBT men and some women have been rounded up with  estimates of more than 100 people being detained, and at least three  murdered, maybe many more. Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has denied the  reports. When confronted with accusations, his spokesman denied there  were any gay people in Chechnya, and explained that, ``If there were  such people in Chechnya, law enforcement agencies wouldn't need to have  anything to do with them because their relatives would send them  somewhere from which there is no returning.''   In fact, there have been credible reports that Chechen authorities  have forced family members of those detained or those suspected of  being gay to commit ``honor killings'' or face violence and retaliation  against their entire families.   Chechnya is a small, conservative region of Russia, and LGBT people  there face a level of isolation and danger that is unthinkable to those  of us living in the freedom of the United States. Even those who have  managed to escape Chechnya continue to face danger from extended family  members or Chechen authorities within Russia and even parts of Europe.   That is why it is so important that the United States work with our  partners in Europe and assist in making sure that those fleeing the  violence in Chechnya are relocated somewhere they can be safe. H. Res.  351 condemns the violence and persecution against LGBT individuals in  Chechnya and calls on Chechen officials to immediately cease the  abduction, detention, and torture of individuals on the basis of their  actual or suspected sexual orientation, and hold accountable all those  involved in perpetrating such abuses.   Furthermore, this resolution calls on the government of the Russian  Federation to protect the human rights of all its citizens, condemn the  violence and persecution, investigate these crimes in Chechnya, and  hold accountable all of those involved in perpetrating such abuses.   We must remember that President Kadyrov is a close ally of President  Putin, and that the Russian Government has essentially sanctioned the  atrocities that are being carried out on its soil. That is why it is so  important that representatives of the United States Government, at the  highest levels, raise this issue with President Putin and other Russian  officials.   I was extremely disappointed when Secretary of State Tillerson  appeared before the Foreign Affairs Committee earlier this month and  admitted that neither he nor the President had raised this issue with  anyone in the Russian Government. The United States must make it clear  that human rights abuses will not be tolerated.   The President, the Secretary of State, and other senior officials  must raise this issue consistently with the Russian Government and make  it clear that they must protect the lives and safety of all Russian  citizens.   Additionally, the Trump administration must take steps to ensure that  any Russian officials involved in these atrocities are being sanctioned  under the Sergei Magnitsky Act and the Global Magnitsky Human Rights  Accountability Act, which we passed last year. Events like these are  exactly why these bills were passed, to ensure that government  officials involved in gross human rights abuses do not have the  privilege of accessing American markets or traveling to the United  States.   Furthermore, the administration should be working in concert with our  European allies to ensure that Russia is being held to its  international obligations and treaties. The lives of vulnerable men and  women are at stake, and every day that we remain silent, we condemn  more to a dark fate.   I am pleased that the House is considering this resolution tonight. I  urge my colleagues to support it. I thank the gentleman for yielding.   