 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to taking up the Intelligence  Authorization Act on suspension at a time when issues concerning the  intelligence community have taken on an even greater significance and  urgency, and taking up the bill this way will deprive Members of the  opportunity to offer important amendments.   The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 is a good and  bipartisan bill, but even a good bill can be made better. And although  we have taken up the IAA on suspension on occasion in the past, it has  only been on the basis of mutual agreement, which is not the case this  year.   On its merits, I believe the IAA should and will become law, and I  look  [[Page H6194]]  forward to its ultimate approval by both the House and Senate, and  enactment.   Nevertheless, I share Leader Pelosi and Whip Hoyer's view that  tonight's suspension vote should be opposed. This IAA should go through  regular order so that Members may offer amendments. I will vote ``no''  today because I disagree with the expedited procedure used to bring  this to the floor.   The Intelligence Committee has a unique role in this House and a  special obligation to the American people.   It is our job to oversee the activities of the 17 agencies that  comprise the intelligence community, ensuring that we strike an  appropriate balance between protecting our country's national security  and the civil liberties of everyone who calls America home.   On behalf of the House--by and through our oversight tools, including  the IAA--our committee helps ensure that the activities of the U.S.  intelligence community do the following: that they adhere to the  Constitution and to the law; that they advance the national security  interests of the United States; that they wisely expend taxpayer  dollars; and that they steadfastly protect Americans' civil liberties  and privacy rights.   The legislation before us today, like its predecessors, continues to  fund, equip, and give policy direction to the intelligence community  and military intelligence elements of the Department of Defense. It  provides funding levels slightly below the President's 2018 budget  request and sustains intelligence priorities provided for in previous  authorizations.   In addition to the unclassified legislative text and accompanying  House report, the IAA includes a classified annex, which directs the  resources and spending for the IC's activities and programs. This  includes a correlating schedule of authorizations that lays out funding  for the IC and the DOD.   This year's IAA, once again, incorporates a number of Democratic  Member oversight priorities: it improves our efforts to stamp out  waste, fraud, and abuse by requiring an Inspector General-level review  of existing whistleblower procedures and by permitting IC contractors  to come directly to Congress without requiring permission from the IC  elements that employ them.   A provision accompanying the report mandates that the ODNI notify and  provide justification to Congress if the executive branch alters the  existing Presidential Policy Guidance, or PPG, relating to U.S.  counterterrorism actions located outside of designated areas of active  hostilities. The PPG, first promulgated under the previous  administration, is an important element of U.S. policymaking that seeks  to ensure direct action against lawful terrorist targets is undertaken  only when necessary and consistent with U.S. national security and  foreign policy interests. This is the result of rigorous legal and  policy deliberation and coordination within the U.S. Government.  Reporting to Congress on any changes to it ensures proper oversight.   The bill also furthers our committee's belief that the future of the  IC workforce depends on diversity; as such, this year's IAA enhances  the ODNI's Centers of Academic Excellence program.   Finally, this bill reflects a clear-eyed assessment of the threat we  face from a resurgent Russia determined to undermine our democratic  institutions and our faith in the American political process.   As the intelligence community has determined, Moscow initiated as  early as mid-2015 an active measures campaign to assault our 2016  election. The Kremlin's influence campaign consisted of cyber  espionage, hacking and weaponizing stolen documents, and a propaganda  machine that was used to great effect to amplify every element of their  appalling campaign, and perhaps more.   This year's IAA acts on that unanimous IC judgment by directing  assessments on Moscow's influence campaigns against foreign elections  and the threat posed by Russian finance activities globally. It also  requires ODNI to publish a report on the foreign cybersecurity and  counterintelligence threats to future U.S. Federal election campaigns.   As with any product of a good-faith attempt at compromise, I do not  pretend this bill is perfect. There are provisions I wish were  modified, and some provisions that I would have liked to have seen  included. Many of my colleagues feel the same way, and they should have  been permitted to offer amendments, something I hope they will be  permitted to do by voting ``no'' on this bill under suspension.   For example, we wish this bill had done more to codify in law some of  the previous administration's counterterrorism reforms, including  giving the status of law to an executive order requiring the Director  of National Intelligence to continue the practice of releasing publicly  available data on the total number of combatants and noncombatants  killed or injured due to counterterrorism action.   I look forward to the fiscal year '18 Intelligence Authorization Act  being enacted into law--not through the vehicle of the suspension  calendar, but through consideration under regular order. For that  reason, I urge a ``no'' vote here so that all Members will have a  chance to be heard.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Alabama (Ms. Sewell), who is one of our superb members of the committee  and also one of our ranking members.     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The Intelligence Authorization Act is a critical oversight tool, one  component of the legal architecture that governs the authorities and  boundaries of our civilian and military intelligence professionals.   The bipartisan legislation before us today is sound, and I endorse  its substance on the merits. But I agree with our leadership that the  suspension process is not the appropriate venue for its adoption.  [[Page H6195]]    For this reason, I will vote ``no'' on the measure tonight, but I  remain optimistic about this legislation's ultimate passage into law  after we complete its consideration under regular order.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   