 Mr. President, I am grateful to my colleague, the  distinguished Senator from Florida, for his work on this issue.   He noted a couple of issues that we focus on in this amendment. He  noted, among other things, the marriage tax penalty. That is a more  obvious defect within our Tax Code. There is another defect he also  mentioned that doesn't get as much play as it should. It doesn't get as  much play, especially considering the amount of damage it does. It is  called the parent tax penalty.   Here is how it works. We have American parents from one end of the  country to the other who are essentially propping up and securing the  future of our senior entitlement programs, not just once but twice and  in a pretty unfair way. They prop up Social Security and Medicare two  times--first, as they pay their taxes, and secondly, as they incur the  substantial costs associated with child-rearing and thereby prop up and  secure Social Security and Medicare.   Social Security and Medicare are paid for on a pay-as-you-go basis.  Many of today's workers pay for the benefits of today's retirees.  Today's children are tomorrow's workers who will, in turn, be working  to pay the taxes to fund the Social Security and Medicare retirement  benefits of today's workers, who will be tomorrow's retirees.   Those costs add up over time. According to one very lowball  estimate--an estimate that doesn't include a lot of things that it  probably should, such as education, higher education, and so forth--a  family raising three children can reasonably expect to incur $700,000  in child-rearing costs as they raise their three children. Those three  children are going to go on to be tomorrow's workers, paying the Social  Security and Medicare benefits for today's workers, tomorrow's  retirees. This is important.   We need to end the marriage tax penalty. We also need to end this  parent tax penalty. The best way to do that is to make sure that we  increase the child tax credit up to $2,000, as the current Senate  proposal would do, but just as importantly, we need to make that sum  refundable up to $2,000, up to the total amount of taxes paid,  including payroll tax liability--in other words, up to 15.3 percent of  earnings. If we do this, it is not going to end the parent tax penalty  altogether, but it is an important first step.   I also want to echo something said by Senator Rubio a moment ago, and  I think it is worth mentioning. This is not a handout. This is not a  welfare benefit. This is money they are making. It is not welfare when  you say that the government's not going to take away something that you  have worked hard for, that you have earned.   We should at least be doing that for those people who are America's  ultimate, most important entrepreneurial class, America's most  cherished group of investors. The most important investment decisions  are not necessarily those made around the boardroom. They are made at  the altar. They are made in delivery wards in hospitals throughout  America. They are made when a couple says ``I do'' and they agree to  raise children. Those are the investors we need to be encouraging and  certainly not punishing.   We can fix this problem. We need to do it by passing the Rubio-Lee  amendment and increasing refundability so that we can all benefit from  this and so that America's families can stop being punished as a result  of the interaction between our Tax Code and our senior entitlement  programs.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   