 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Lipinski for his leadership on  this.   Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit about climate. We know that  climate is changing, and we have seen it.  [[Page H8376]]  In California, we had horrific wildfires that claimed 40 lives and  destroyed thousands of structures. We have seen hurricanes more  frequently, more devastating, and more powerful than ever before. So  the effects are there. We see it happening.   Now, the thing that we are faced with is that there is a significant  section of people that deny climate change. You can sort of see why  they are denying it. I mean, if something is in your interest, you are  going to be able to talk yourself into just about anything.   The big benefit of denying climate change is that we can continue to  use fossil fuels. If you are a company that uses fossil fuels or  produces fossil fuels, yeah, this is what you want. But there are costs  of denial, and the costs of denial are clear.   We are seeing weather. We just talked about that. We are seeing  health effects. We have seen that both in terms of elevated  temperatures, causing people to have heat problems. We are seeing  disease vectors moving to the temperate zones from the Equator. We are  also going to see significant infrastructure costs, like we see in  Puerto Rico now. These are real costs that we are going to pay for the  denial of climate change.    Now, what are the benefits of climate change?   Well, there are significant benefits, from my point of view.   First of all, we have been spending American taxpayer dollars to  develop technology to fight climate change, or to reduce carbon  emissions.   I will tell you a little story about my own career. I was working at  a company called U.S. Wind Power. With some amount of taxpayer dollars,  we developed the leading technology for wind energy. Of course, what  happened was that the funding stopped, tax credits ended, and that  technology that we developed with taxpayer dollars went to Europe. They  built thousands of windmills in Germany, and they made a lot of money  based on that technology that we developed and paid for right in the  United States of America.   We also know that renewable energy production creates more jobs than  fossil fuel production for the same amount of energy. We are talking  about a potential to create millions of jobs in this country. Not only  that, but renewable energy has a stable price market feature. Unlike  fossil fuels, which have highs and lows over a 10-year cycle, fossil  fuels are going to be nice and stable, will be predictable. And  businesses love predictability. So I think this is also another very  good argument.   Lastly, if we reduce fossil fuels and go to clean energy, we are  going to have cleaner air and cleaner water, a healthier environment,  and we can reach sustainability. I think the benefits are pretty clear.   So where are we now?   Well, there are still significant resources out there determined to  muddy the waters and confuse people about climate change. I have three  publications here I want to illustrate. One is called ``Clexit for a  Brighter Future.'' Now, the point of this is that we need to exit the  Paris and United States climate treaties because fossil fuels are what  we need to power the future.   Another one is called ``The Mad, Mad, Mad World of Climatism.'' This  one, if you look it up, is biased, and it seems to be paid for by oil  interests.   The last one I want to show is a respected magazine that is called  National Geographic. And the cover page shows ``The War on Science.''   So I think we have a pretty good case to make for moving forward with  action on climate change.   There will be significant costs if we don't. Renewable energy is more  than cost competitive these days. As I mentioned, I worked in the wind  energy business. We see wind and solar being more cost competitive-- more than cost competitive, really--with coal and oil for energy  production.   So we have the technology, we have the means, and we have the desire  to do this, yet we are still hung up here in Washington in terms of  following through with government support that is needed with the right  sort of policies that will encourage us to reduce fossil fuel  reduction.   Now, one of the great bright spots we see--as Mr. Lipinski, my friend  from Illinois, pointed out--is that there is a bipartisan Climate  Solutions Caucus that has been formed over the last two terms. In order  to join, you have to have a Member of the other party. If I am a  Democrat, I have a Member of the Republican Party join.   What we are doing in that caucus is creating legislation that will  help reduce carbon emissions in an economic and prosperous way. I think  good things have a potential to happen. I encourage the caucus to  continue, and I hope it continues to grow.   