 Mr. President, we have now reached a point where the  Senate majority, the Republicans, and President Trump, have been unable  to put together the package that allows them to take Medicaid and try  to successfully turn it into a shadow of what it once was in our  country, to turn it into a debt-soaked relic of what it is today by  taking out $770 billion that otherwise would have gone to the families  of those in our country who need healthcare services, who need help in  providing for those who need it the most within our country.   The same thing was true in the House of Representatives when they  were moving through their bill over there. People said: Trump doesn't  have the votes. The Republicans don't have the votes. They are not  going to be able to be successful. However, this TrumpCare Hail Mary  that they threw in the House, notwithstanding the remarkable defense  put up by the American people--the millions of phone calls, protests,  and rallies--they still were able to find the votes to ultimately pass  this incredible attack upon the healthcare of tens of millions of  Americans.   What they did in the House is what they are doing in the Senate. The  GOP retreats; they wait for the defense to disperse, but then they plow  through to get this bill over the finish line, hoping that a 2-week  hiatus will be sufficient for the energy level of the defense against  these cuts to so wane that then they can come back and finish off the  job on their second try in the same way they did in the House of  Representatives. Right now it is only halftime.   It is halftime. They are coming back. The ball is in their court.  They will attempt again to destroy the healthcare system of our country  as we know it today. We have not defeated this bill yet.   Now is the time for those who oppose this bill to redouble their  energy, to play even tougher defense against this Republican attempt to  undermine Medicaid, to undermine access to care to everyone in our  country. Their bill is now down, so let's keep it down for the count.  Let's make sure this bill cannot get up and come back and haunt us in  the middle of July.   The Senate proposal right now has $188 billion, which is now going to  be within the hands of the Trump administration, in the hands of the  Republican leadership as a slush fund to be used to get the votes they  need in order to pass their bill. That $188 billion is right now being  divided up in a way that will help them to get the votes.   What is the ultimate goal of the GOP? The ultimate goal is to take a  machete to Medicaid because they harbor an ancient animosity toward  Medicaid, and I will throw in Medicare and ObamaCare--all of it. They  see this as the best opportunity they have had in two generations to be  able to leave these programs as debt-soaked relics of what they are  today. When they say: Well, we are going to cap the funding and send it  back to the States with more flexibility--when they say ``cap'' the  funding, they are talking about decapitating the funding, to cut it in  half, send it back to the States, and then say to the States: You  figure it out. You try to help those people who are poorest in your  State whom you were never able to figure out how to help in the first  place, which is why we put the Federal programs on the books in order  to help those who are most in need in all of those States.   What is their real goal? It is pretty simple: Slash these programs  and then turn them into one huge tax break for the richest people in  America. That is what this program will do. One little example of that  $770 billion--let's take $33 billion of it. That $33 billion gets  divvied up by the 400 wealthiest families in America; 400 billionaires  walk up and say: Can I please have my $7 million that I get as part of  taking away coverage for cancer, coverage for Alzheimer's, coverage for  opioid treatment? Can I now get my payoff for the success in your  wealth-income transfer program? Because that is what you have. You  don't have a healthcare program; you have a wealth care program. The  wealth of the wealthiest--please make them even wealthier; that is what  their entire plan is about.   By the way, that $33 billion would be enough to take care of the  healthcare of 700,000 people in our country, but the Republican  priority is to give all that money back to the wealthiest people in our  country. That is immoral. That is inhumane. It is just plain wrong. The  American public has to rise up and  [[Page S3804]]  fight against the greatest legislative injustice that has been  perpetrated or attempted to be perpetrated on the American people in  more than a generation.   This bill is ``the bill'' of my entire career in the U.S. Congress,  which is now 41 years. This is the worst bill. It is the greatest  attack upon the well-being of our Nation. This program is of the rich,  for the rich, by the rich, and where are they going to take the money  from? From the poor, from the sick, from the elderly, from the  disabled. It is selfishness on stilts.   To think that there is a plan to take healthcare away from the  poorest and sickest and most disabled people in our country in order to  give a tax break to the wealthiest is the most indecent action that may  have ever been perpetrated on the floor of the U.S. Congress.   There are billions in tax breaks for those who don't need them or  deserve them, paid for by people who cannot afford it. It is healthcare  heartlessness; that is what it is. If you kicked these people in the  heart, you would break your toe. There is no heart. There is no sense  of decency toward those families who are going to see their loved ones'  diseases get even worse or to see them ultimately die because of lack  of coverage.   The Republicans say that their plan--at least they purport it as  their plan--is to decrease the deficit by passing this bill, but what  do they do with the money that they save? Ah, a tax break for the  wealthy.   I thought that you were shedding tears about your concerns of  subsequent generations having such huge deficits, but we know those are  crocodile tears about future generations because you want to pay off  this generation of billionaires and this generation of millionaires who  need no additional wealth for their families today.   So there is no real concern about the deficit. This is, once again,  just an attack on the programs that the Republicans have always  opposed, and if they combine it as a tax break at the same time, all  the better.   From my perspective, people are just going to wind up paying more for  healthcare, and they are going to be getting less. They are going to be  paying for a Cadillac but only getting a tricycle as the people go  forward. For too many families, they will not be able to afford  anything, and there will be no subsidy to help them get healthcare for  their families. The anxiety of suffering from an illness will only be  exacerbated by their families' understanding that they cannot even  afford the care for their loved ones because of the financial  insecurity in their own families.   This is going to be a historic 2 weeks in which we must raise our  voices as they have never been raised before--in which we stand on the  ramparts and let those Republicans know that they are in for the fight  of their lives. Cassandra-like, we must warn of the dangers of  complacency, of the misunderstanding of what is happening right now.   The Republicans have removed the healthcare bill from the Senate  floor for consideration. They are not defeated. They are just at  halftime. They are now trying to construct a plan that will bring it  back as soon as we return and with the votes now secured, from their  perspective, in order to pass this bill and send it over to the House  of Representatives and then down to President Trump for his signature.   These next 2 weeks will be the most important 2 weeks for the  healthcare of our Nation in two generations. This battle is the battle  to ensure that they are not successful. From my perspective, this is a  fight that each and every American has to be a part of because it is  your families who are going to be harmed.   If we just take opioid addiction coverage in Massachusetts, 2,000  people died from opioid overdoses last year. We are only 2 percent of  America's population. If that number were to multiply across the whole  country, that would be 100,000 people overdosing and dying. That would  be two Vietnam wars of deaths in one year from one disease--a disease  that we could begin to reverse if there were the treatment for families  and if the prevention were put in place. Yet, if there is no treatment,  if there is no prevention, if there is no access, then people, who  otherwise would have been able to live normal lives with treatment,  will now die.   If you have Alzheimer's, if you are in a nursing home, there is a  very high probability--since two-thirds of all grandmas and grandpas in  nursing homes are on Medicaid, if you slash Medicaid, the care that  loved one is now receiving in a nursing home is going to be slashed.  Grandma and Grandpa in that nursing home are going to see the services  that they otherwise would have been provided not being available to  them. That is what this Republican plan is going to do.   It says to a kid--a family member--with opioid addiction problems, it  says to Grandma and Grandpa in a nursing home, it says to a woman who  has cancer, it says to a man who has diabetes: I am sorry. We no longer  can afford in America to help you get the healthcare you need.   We are better than that. We are a better country than that, and we  are definitely a better country than our saying that we are going to  take away that healthcare from all of those people and then give it as  a tax break to billionaires. We are better than that. That is just  wrong. So this is the battle, the most important battle.   In 1967, Martin Luther King said that the most important civil right  was access to healthcare because health is the first wealth. Without  health, you have nothing. That is what we are fighting for right now.  We are fighting for that fundamental civil right for everyone.   This slashes coverage for those who are disabled in our country. We  have made progress over the last generation in reconfiguring how we  view the disabled in our country. We have given them access to the help  they need so that they can be fuller citizens in our society. This bill  slashes the funding to help 20 million disabled in our country live  fuller, more functioning lives in order to give a tax break to a  billionaire.   It is wrong. It must be stopped. We must put up the defense against  this bill's ever becoming law. For the next 2 weeks, while they sit and  plot to try to find a way of camouflaging what they are doing, the  American people must rise up and say: No, America is better than that.  We will not allow this to happen. God help us in 2017 in the United  States of America.   I yield the floor.   