 Mr. President, it is a great pleasure for me to be  here with Senator Heitkamp. We knew each other as attorneys general so  I have admired the Senator from North Dakota for a long time. From my  time in West Virginia, I remember Senator Capito's father who is a very  formidable and renowned political personality in West Virginia. To be  here with the two of them is a personal pleasure. Senator Manchin is  also joining us, so I am very happy to be here.   I thank Senator Heitkamp, Senator Capito, Chairman Barrasso, and my  friend Senator Graham for leading this bipartisan effort, and I thank  Senator Manchin for joining us on the floor.   We have more than 20 other cosponsors so this is a bill that has  broad bipartisan support and has a great coalition behind it. It has  everything from my great friends at the Natural Resources Defense  Council, many of our friends in the AFL-CIO, to nonprofits like the  Clean Air Task Force, to moderating groups like Third Way and the  Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, which are trying to pick their  way through the divide, industry groups like Wyoming's Cloud Peak  Energy coal company and West Virginia's Peabody, a coal company, and  the ethanol industry. So we have really good, broad support. It is an  unusual coalition, and I am excited by it.   There are ways to remove carbon dioxide from the air and from  emissions, and we are seeing a lot of it. I went with Lindsey Graham up  to Saskatchewan to see the Boundary Dam facility, where they basically  put the output of the coal-burning powerplant through a cloud of amino  droplets that strip out the carbon dioxide and pump it to a nearby  oilfield where they can use the carbon dioxide to pressurize the  oilfield and facilitate the extraction of oil. That is made possible  because they have an oilfield nearby that will pay for that carbon  dioxide to use in order to extract the oil. If I remember correctly,  they were getting close to $30 per ton. That is a pretty real revenue  stream, but a lot of our American coal facilities do not have the  luxury of being next to an oilfield that will pay for the carbon so you  have to look elsewhere for revenues to make it worth your while. What  we have in America is a market failure in which there is nobody who  will pay you for removing carbon pollution. The way our market is  structured it just does not work.   The simplest approach, of course, would be to put a proper price on  carbon and let the whole economy go to work in solving the problem of  carbon pollution. Short of that, this bill takes an important step by  putting a value on reducing carbon emissions by paying facilities with  a tax credit for every ton of carbon emissions they can keep out of the  atmosphere. If we can get this passed and if we can get this into the  Tax Code so it is lasting, then investors can look at it and say: Hey,  we can finally put some money behind these technologies, and we can get  them going, not just in the power sector.   This reaches into industrial carbon capture, into technologies like  carbon utilization, and into really exciting new technologies like  direct air capture. Now, most of these are happening elsewhere. To look  for the models, you have to go to Saskatchewan, like I did and like  Senator Heitkamp has done, or you have to go to Iceland, where they are  pumping carbon dioxide down into geological structures where it reacts  and becomes stone, or you have to go to Switzerland, where they are  taking direct air carbon capture technologies, because, there, their  market  [[Page S3980]]  is not broken so there actually is a return on this.   We are seeing good work at our National Labs, I will say, which is  funded by Congress and people like Dr. Julio Friedmann, whom Senator  Heitkamp and I know and work with. We are doing exciting stuff. Yet to  take it to a marketable level, there has to be a business strategy. You  have to be able to make a business case to investors if you are going  to put money behind building what could be a multi-hundred-million- dollar carbon capture plant. This will begin to do that, and it makes  me very excited.   In particular, I thank my cosponsors for making sure we are not  talking about CCS any longer and that we are talking about CCUS. It is  not carbon capture and storage. It is carbon capture, utilization, and  sequestration.   I have also been to Shenandoah, IA. Shenandoah, IA, has a big ethanol  plant, and there is a company, called bioprocessH2O, that is in the  exhaust stream of that ethanol plant. They pipe out their waste heat,  their waste energy, their waste CO2, their wastewater all  into a plant that grows algae, and the algae eats up the  CO2. They take about 15 percent of it out of the stream, and  it turns it into a product. They use it for feed, for cattle, for fish.  They use it for makeup and other products. They use it for a whole  variety of purposes. It is a new form of agriculture that is going to  be very valuable, and the fact that you can make it efficient to strip  carbon dioxide out of a plant's exhaust is a great thing.   This is a good way we can work together. It may be the first time I  can think of that Senator McConnell and I have ever been on a bill  together. He is not on it now in this particular iteration because  neither he nor the Speaker want to get onto a bill that is a tax bill  while they are looking at tax reform. Yet, clearly, we know where their  hearts are from the fact that they were on it the last time. So there  is a lot of welcomed political news around this, and I think it has the  chance of really revving up American industry so it is not the  Canadians and the Icelanders and the Swiss who are cleaning our clocks  because we have not bothered to get our economic structure in order to  make this a profitable undertaking. It is a great first step, and I am  proud to be a part of it.   I yield to my friend, the Senator from West Virginia, Joe Manchin.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Does the Senator know that, in Cumberland, RI, there  used to be coal mining? In fact, there are still coal mines underground  in New Cumberland, WV. Every once in a while, one collapses, so we have  been there.   