 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss my legislation, which  seeks to prevent American workers from losing their jobs and having  them shipped to other countries.   I have always fought to protect American workers and ensure we have  Federal policies that benefit our workers in Indiana and across the  country. In my home State of Indiana, our workers are being hit  particularly hard by jobs being lost and shipped out of  [[Page S5271]]  America. Recently, more than 300 workers at the Carrier plant in  Indianapolis were laid off, and hundreds more are slated to lose their  jobs just days before Christmas. They are not alone. Over 2,000 Hoosier  jobs have been or are scheduled to be eliminated and outsourced at nine  different companies.   These are more than just statistics. These are moms and dads, sisters  and brothers, husbands and wives, our friends, our neighbors, and folks  we go to church with, men and women who get up in the dark and go home  in the dark, working hard every single day to take care of their  families, to give everything they have to try to make their company a  success.   These men and women, as I said, work hard every single day. They make  quality products, they support their families, they pay their bills,  and are working hard to save enough to retire with dignity, and now  they are losing their jobs because those already highly profitable  companies would rather squeeze out that last dollar in profits by  paying less to foreign workers. I have met and spent time with Hoosier  workers whose jobs are being outsourced. They are not looking for a  handout. They just want an equal shot, a level playing field, and the  opportunity to provide for their families.   I met them on the Sunday after the announcements were initially made  at Carrier. I spent time with them, talked to them. One of our young  men in a military uniform of our country, standing up and serving our  Nation, had just been laid off, with his job being shipped elsewhere.  He and fellow workers have fulfilled their part of the American  promise--a promise that if you work hard and you help your company  succeed, you will be able to keep your job, you will earn a decent  living, you will be able to put a roof over your family's head, and you  can send your kids to school to have an even greater shot at the  American dream than you and then retire with dignity.   This is the basic promise of America--the promise of shared success  of our workers and our companies. It is now in question. American  companies need to live up to their part of the bargain as well, and  many already do.   As a U.S. Senator, I have a responsibility to working families, to  taxpayers, and to our economy. It is critical our laws and policies  encourage businesses to invest in American workers and American  communities and penalize those who ship jobs to foreign countries. That  is why, earlier this year, I introduced the End Outsourcing Act, which  is based on three principles:   First, Federal contracts, funded by taxpayers, should go to companies  that employ American workers. This ensures that Federal contracting  policy takes into consideration whether companies have outsourced  domestic jobs.   Second, companies that do send jobs to foreign countries should  forfeit tax breaks and incentives. It is fundamentally unfair that when  companies leave for a foreign country, they can then write off the  moving costs involved and hand the bill to American taxpayers for their  very costs of heading out the door. This legislation claws back  incentives and prohibits companies from receiving tax breaks for  outsourcing jobs.   Third, Federal policy should encourage businesses to invest here at  home, in our towns and in our cities--not only in Indiana but across  the country. My legislation creates tax incentives for companies that  relocate foreign jobs back to rural or struggling communities. We  should encourage job growth in these towns and these places. When  companies bring jobs back home, we should support them for helping spur  economic investments and growth.   I have spoken with President Trump about this several times, even as  recently as last night, and he has been very supportive.   Today I am offering a simple amendment--an amendment which would  require companies bidding for Federal defense contracts to disclose in  their proposals whether they have outsourced more than 50 jobs to a  foreign country in the previous 3 years, and it would allow contracting  officers to take into consideration a company's outsourcing practices  when awarding Federal contracts--just like price, just like quality,  just like delivery. It would be one more element so the people of  America can get the very best deal.   Put simply, our tax dollars should go to companies that invest in and  support American workers. If we are going to effectively address the  jobs going overseas, the jobs leaving our plants, the workers like the  ones at Carrier who were laid off and the devastating impact on  families across our country, we need to take action here. We can start  with the Senate passing my amendment. Preventing the outsourcing of  these jobs and investing in our workers should be a bipartisan  priority. Protecting American jobs and encouraging businesses to invest  in the United States shouldn't be any controversy at all. In fact, it  should be easy.   While there is no single solution to prevent companies from shipping  jobs to foreign countries, hardworking taxpayers deserve to know our  policies line up to promote the American economy and American workers,  investing in our workers, strengthening our middle class. We call that  Hoosier commonsense, and there is a lot more wisdom in Indiana and in  other States than there is in Washington, DC. In Indiana, this makes  sense.   I urge my colleagues to support the End Outsourcing Act when it comes  up for a vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   