 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2316 is nearly identical to a bill that passed the  House last year with overwhelming bipartisan support.   The intent of the bill, according to the sponsor, is to ensure that  owners of mineral rights in the Allegheny National Forest are allowed  to drill for their oil and gas within the boundaries of that national  forest.   In the Natural Resources Committee last Congress, the majority  accepted an amendment by Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee  Ranking Member Lowenthal that clarified the intent of the bill and  ensured that the Forest Service would still receive advance notice of  any oil and gas operations and that no other national forest would be  affected.   So this bill is a bipartisan compromise that protects the private  property rights while also protecting the rights of the Forest Service,  and I thank the sponsor for working so cooperatively on this.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2316, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1547 transfers the reversionary interest associated  with Udall Park to the city of Tucson, Arizona.   The land was transferred to the city back in the 1980s under the  Recreation and Public Purposes Act, a program that authorizes the  conveyance of Federal land to local governments and nonprofits.   These conveyances include what is known as reversionary interest,  which stipulates that the land must permanently remain in use for a  public purpose or ownership reverts back to the United States.   Typically, if a recipient wants to convert the land to a nonpublic  purpose, they have to compensate the Federal Government. However, this  is not the typical situation.   In 1989, Tucson came to an agreement with the Bureau of Land  Management. In exchange for the title to Udall Park, the city gave the  Bureau of Land Management a 297-acre parcel known as the Freeman Road  property.  [[Page H7642]]    A letter from the BLM State Director at the time indicates that the  agency supported elimination of Udall Park's reversionary interest in  exchange for the Freeman Road property. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker,  Congress never followed through on that promise.   This bill honors the Federal Government's long forgotten commitment,  which is why we support it and encourage its swift adoption. The unique  circumstances of Udall Park justify transferring the reversionary  interest without further consideration or compensation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this issue.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 965, introduced by Representative Kuster of New  Hampshire, redesignates a site in her State as the Saint-Gaudens  National Historical Park, a critical name change that recognizes the  cultural and historical importance of that landscape.   Augustus Saint-Gaudens was a keystone figure in the 19th century  American Renaissance of art and architecture. Since 1977, the home,  studio, gardens, and artwork of this American icon have been managed  and preserved by the National Park Service as part of the Saint-Gaudens  National Historic Site in Cornish, New Hampshire.   One of Saint-Gaudens' most well-known creations is the Shaw Memorial  in Boston. This sculpture memorializes the bravery of Robert Gould  Shaw, who led the first regiment of African-American soldiers recruited  from the North during the Civil War. However, this is just one of the  many public monuments credited to Saint-Gaudens, many of which are  preserved and managed by the National Park Service at the Saint-Gaudens  National Historic Site.   In 2010, however, the National Park Service acquired the adjacent  Blow-Me-Down Farm, an important meeting place for the Cornish Art  Colony led by Saint-Gaudens. The acquisition of the farm allows the  site to fulfill its vision as a national park for the arts. The  expanded physical size and historical scope is better defined as a  National Historic Park rather than a National Historical Site, which is  usually reserved for a single building or other stand-alone structure.   Importantly, this redesignation will not change any laws or policies  affecting the site and will only require changes in signage, maps, and  handouts. Therefore, redesignating this area as Saint-Gaudens National  Historical Park conforms to naming standards used by the National Park  Service and further honors the legacy of Augustus Saint-Gaudens.   In addition to preserving Saint-Gaudens' legacy, the site also  protects a variety of important ecosystems. The site is bordered by two  streams that feed into the Connecticut River, and it contains a large  forest and pond where visitors can observe wildlife.   Representative Kuster introduced H.R. 965 with the support of the  entire New Hampshire delegation, and I would like to thank her for her  dedication to protecting the historic areas important to her State and  our national story.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), the author of this fine  piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, having no one else to speak on this issue,  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2582 authorizes the Bureau of Land Management to  process the State of Utah's land claims without amending existing  planning documents.   The Utah State Enabling Act of 1894 authorized the State of Utah to  select certain lands to support schools and other public purposes.  Approximately 2,000 acres of authorized grants are unfilled.   In 1998, the State started the application to acquire 440 acres of  land in Utah County, Utah, to support Utah State University. BLM  eventually rejected the application because the lands are identified  for disposal by exchange, which only allows BLM to convey the land  under certain conditions.   This bill allows the agency to process these specific claims without  updating the underlying planning documents, something that would take a  significant amount of time and money. BLM testified in support of this  legislation but requested an amendment to clarify that the lands will  be used for Utah State University and the addition of a legislative  map.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs.  Love), the State of Utah, and the Republican Committee staff for  working with us to address these concerns. Thanks to their  consideration, we were able to amend this bill in markup to address  these concerns.   There are many fights over public lands in this country, but this  does not have to be one of them. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill and  urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just remind the gentlewoman from  Utah that the only reason that she can suggest that Utah is the  greatest State in the Nation is because Virginia is a Commonwealth.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2937, introduced by Representative LaHood, is a  step forward for communities looking to address abandoned coal mines in  their backyards by partnering with Good Samaritans seeking to help.   The Commonwealth of Virginia, my home State, estimates that it will  need over $400 million to clean up all of its remaining abandoned coal  mines and, while this bill is no substitute for a long-term  reauthorization of the Abandoned Mine Land fund, every little bit  helps.   Each project funded by a Good Samaritan through this bill will help  one more community make their economy stronger and their environment  healthier.   A hearing on a discussion draft of this bill brought a number of  problematic issues to light, but I greatly appreciate the willingness  of the bill's sponsor and the majority staff of the Natural Resources  Committee to reach across the aisle and work with us on a bipartisan  agreement that was able to achieve unanimous consent in the Natural  Resources Committee.   I thank the sponsor for his diligent and collaborative work on this  bill, and I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2937.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is an earnest effort to improve the  availability of recreation permits on Federal lands. Public lands  support the thriving outdoor recreation economy, and many small  businesses partner with the Federal Government to provide a range of  visitor services.   The stated purpose of the bill is to reduce permitting time and  administrative hurdles faced by permit applications. We are open to the  idea of approving the permit process to ensure timely and transparent  access to public lands for recreation activities and other special  events. However, we are concerned that some of the methods used by the  bill could lead to more problems than they solve.   For example, section 2 creates a categorical exclusion for permits  related to activities that have been previously considered through the  National Environmental Policy Act process. Categorical exclusions are  reserved for types of activities that are determined to have limited  environmental impacts. They are most commonly developed through a  rulemaking process which provides for public comment and provides the  agency with the flexibility to determine when they are appropriate.   The Forest Service already stresses the use of existing categorical  exclusions for special recreation permits and does what it can with  available resources to speed up permit processing times. It is unclear  why this section is necessary or appropriate.   If current categorical exclusions are insufficient, Congress should  encourage a rulemaking process to address the inadequacies. While we  have some concerns, this bill is a good first step, and we would hope  our concerns can be addressed in the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers to speak to  this issue, so I yield back the balance of my time.   