 Mr. President, I wish I could stand here today and tell  you that the Affordable Care Act, or so-called ObamaCare, had worked. I  wish I could sit here and tell you today that the American people were  better off as a result of the Affordable Care Act, but I can't do that,  and it gives me no joy in having to make that statement.   Now, as you know, Mr. President, not a single Republican voted for  the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act was passed at  President Obama's suggestion by the Democratic Members of the House and  the Senate. They had a majority, and in this body the majority rules. I  don't want to ascribe to the President or to our Democratic friends any  ill motives whatsoever. They wanted what was best for the American  people. It wasn't a question of bad motives. It was just a bad idea. It  didn't work.   Let me say this another way. I believe that President Obama and our  colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle in the Senate and in the  House of Representatives passed ObamaCare with the best of intentions.  But, you know what, Mr. President--I know you also happen to be a  physician--150 years ago, doctors used to bleed their patients with the  best of intentions, and they stopped doing that. They did it. They  didn't have any bad motives in doing it. They did it because they  thought it would help the patient. It killed many of them. So they  stopped doing it.   You know we were told when the Affordable Care Act, so-called  ObamaCare--I don't mean any disrespect in calling it ObamaCare.  President Obama himself refers to it as ObamaCare. When the Democrats  in the Congress passed ObamaCare, I remember well what we were told  because I wanted to believe it. The President said: If you like your  insurance plan, you can keep your insurance plan. I think he meant that  at the time. It wasn't true. It turned out not to be true.   The President said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your  doctor. I think that is what he wanted, but you couldn't.   He said the Affordable Care Act would ``cover every American and cut  the cost of a typical family's premium by up to $2,500 a year.'' It is  not even close.   President Obama said ObamaCare would ``bend the cost curve for  healthcare'' without adding ``one dime  [[Page S4372]]  to the deficit.'' None of that was true. I think the President meant it  at the time. I think he wanted it at the time. I know I did. I know you  did, Mr. President. But it just turned out not to be true.   Now, the simple fact of the matter is--and I think every reasonable  person has to conclude--that the Affordable Care Act has not worked for  the American people.   Let's talk about the exchanges. As you know, Mr. President, there are  two parts of the Affordable Care Act. There are the exchanges through  which people go and buy insurance directly from an insurance company,  and then there is the Medicaid expansion. I want to talk about the  exchanges for a moment.   In 2016, under ObamaCare, we started out with 281 insurance companies  offering insurance to the American people. That is a good start. The  problem is that now we have 141, and they are dropping like flies. In  my State of Louisiana we are down to three. A third of all of the  counties in America have only one choice--one insurance company that  will still write insurance--and many of our counties have zero, none,  nada, zilch. They can't get insurance at all. They have been given a  bus ticket, but there is no bus.   As for Louisiana, let me talk just for a moment about my State--our  State--Mr. President. In Louisiana, premiums have gone up 123 percent  on the exchanges since 2013. That is an average of a $3,600 increase  per plan. Nationwide, the average ObamaCare plan now costs 105 percent  more than when it started. That is $3,000 per person. What is  particularly incredible to me, Mr. President--you know these statistics  better than I do--in Louisiana we have 136,000 people who, rather than  buying insurance off the exchanges, have chosen to pay the fine. Let me  say that again: 136,000 people in my State have looked at the insurance  offered to them, with the subsidies, and have said: We would rather pay  the fine. Of that 136,000 who said they would pick the fine instead of  the insurance, 84 percent of them make $50,000 or less, 48 percent of  them, or half, make $25,000 or less. Now, do you know what that tells  me? That tells me that 136,000 people in my State, most of whom are too  poor to be sick, looked at the Affordable Care Act plan and said: We  can't afford it. We would rather pay the fine. We are better off paying  the fine. So they are out of pocket the money for the fine, and they  still don't have insurance. No reasonable person would call that a  success.   Let me give a couple more examples because we talk around here in  concepts, and we all know what we are talking about, but average  Americans who get up every day and go to work, who obey the law and pay  their taxes, who try to do the right things for their kids and try to  save money for retirement do not have time to deal in concepts. They  are too busy earning a living. They just want to know: What kind of  health insurance do I have, and what is it going to cost? So let me  give some examples right now from Louisiana. This is brought to you by  the Affordable Care Act.   Let's suppose that I am a 60-year-old, nonsmoking male who is living  in Baton Rouge, LA. I am making $50,000 a year. According to  healthcare.gov--I did not make this up--the cheapest and most basic  plan available to me would cost me $689.14 a month, with a $4,500  deductible, for a grand total of $9,000 a year--deductibles, my out-of- pocket, plus my premiums. Now, I am 60 years old. I am living in Baton  Rouge, LA, where the cost of living is not that high, and I am making  $50,000. The Federal Government has said: We have a great deal for you.  Give us $9,000, and then we might be able to give you some healthcare.   For that $9,000, what do I get?   Suppose I say: OK. Here is my $9,000.   I don't know where I am going to find it, as I am only making $50,000  a year, and, of course, the government is taking some of that for  taxes, but I find $9,000 a year. Do you know what I get? I get four  doctor visits, I get two lab tests, and I get nine prescription drugs  and additional medical costs for a grand total of $100. That is not  insurance; that is giving somebody a bus ticket without a bus.   All right. Let's suppose that I am a 50-year-old female. I don't  smoke. I am living in Lafayette, LA, which is to the west of Baton  Rouge. I am making $50,000 over in Lafayette. The most basic plan in  Lafayette--once again, I am 50 years old. So I am not 60 now; I am 50  years old, a female, and I don't smoke. The most basic plan, the  cheapest plan I could get would cost me $450 a month in premiums, with  a $4,800 deductible, for a grand total of $6,550. So I have to go into  my pocket for $6,550 before I can get any kind of health insurance.  That is not health insurance.   I would remind the Presiding Officer, as he is a physician who has  been on the frontlines in caring for people in our charity hospital  system in Louisiana--and God bless him for that--that the options I  describe are the cheap ones. They are the most affordable ones. That is  the best-case scenario.   Nobody wanted this. I know President Obama did not want it to turn  out this way. I know our friends on the Democratic side did not. They  wanted what was best for America. It was not a bad motive; it was just  a bad idea.   What do we need? Everybody has his own opinion of that. That is what  we are going to try to convince each other of over the next few days as  we vote. I will tell you what I think we need. I think that in the  healthcare delivery system, we do not need more government.   I know that some of my friends on the Democratic side think they have  the solution, and I respect them for all of the time and care they have  put into this. Some of my friends on the Democratic side say they have  the solution. Government has failed, they will admit. They do not say  it very loudly, but they will privately say: We realize the government  has failed with ObamaCare. Our prescription to fix it is more  government, so let's go to a single-payer system. Let's have the  Federal Government be in charge of everybody's healthcare, and let's  let the Federal Government regulate our doctors and our nurses and our  hospitals and our health insurance companies and our patients and our  lab techs like they were utilities.   I have lived under a system like that. England has a system like  that. You can not name me a single G20 country--not one--that has a  single-payer system that is working. It is not the answer.   Quickly, because I am running out of time, here is what we need.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.    I will conclude then, Mr. President. I thank him for his  time and attention.   America needs a healthcare delivery system and deserves it like  somebody designed the dadgum thing on purpose.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   