 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to join in a  colloquy with my freshmen colleagues.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to join in a  colloquy with my freshmen colleagues.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to join in a  colloquy with my freshmen colleagues.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to talk about the last time we did  tax reform, in 1986. In 1986, I was in the sixth grade. I had just come  back from Camp Cheley, from sixth grade camp. I think the Atari 7800  was the popular model that we all wanted for Christmas. I believe the  Ford LTD station wagon was rolling off the assembly lines that year.  ``Top Gun'' was No. 1 at the box office.   That was 1986. It is important because that is the last time we did  tax reform in this Chamber. That is the last time we enacted  meaningful, comprehensive tax reform.   This Congress has an incredible opportunity before us today. Our  colleagues have an opportunity to grow this economy, to get wages  growing again, and to create opportunity for the American people that  they haven't seen in far too long.   Over the past decade, Americans have been working harder than they  ever have before, but they have watched as the haves have more and the  have-nots have less, and they are tired of it. We have seen stagnant  wages and work hours growing. That is what this debate is about. It is  about people who want to stand up for Coloradans and people around this  country to make sure we grow this economy so people can stop working  two or three jobs that they have to now just to try to make ends meet,  so they can finally start to see wages grow.   I am going to be joined throughout this afternoon's debate by the  class of 2014, Members of the Senate who were elected in 2014 as a  result of a message of economic opportunity--Senators from Georgia and  North Carolina and West Virginia and Arkansas elected because we  believed in an America that was growing again. We believed in an  America that didn't have to settle for second place, it didn't have to  settle for mediocrity or decline, but an America that with the right  economic policies, the right tax policies, we could lift the burdens  off the backs of the American people, off the backs of American  businesses, and get this country back to work. That is what this debate  is about.   Over the past several weeks, we have heard a lot of debate about what  the Senate bill is going to be, what the House bill is going to be.  Over the past several years, the Senate Finance Committee has held over  70 committee hearings on the issue of tax reform, countless reports,  paperwork done, economic models to show what this tax reform needed to  look like. We have had open debates from both sides of the aisle, a  chance to say how do we reduce the tax burden on the American people  and get this economy moving again.   What the Senate has come up with is a package that is estimated to  create 1 million jobs across this country--1 million jobs across this  country--according to the Tax Foundation. In Colorado, that means a  $3,000-plus increase in average aftertax income. If you don't think  $3,000 is a heck of a lot of money to people, look at the statistics.   The statistics show that the average American family--a significant  percentage of them; percentages of American families--don't have 24- hour access to just a few hundred dollars. They can't find--they don't  have access to just a couple hundred dollars in a 24-hour time period.  One-third of Americans, if they had to come up with $500 today, it  would be a fiscal crisis for their household.   We are talking about an opportunity to grow wages. In fact, the Tax  Foundation says a 4.4-percent increase in average aftertax income will  occur as a result of the Senate bill.   I will yield to my colleague from Georgia. We are going to get this  easel out of his way, but first I want to show one chart that shows how  wage growth can happen.   If you look across the world and you see nations that have low  statutory tax rates and you see nations that have high statutory tax  rates, you will see that those nations that have the lowest statutory  corporate tax rates see the highest wage growth. People who work in  these countries with low statutory tax rates, they see the highest  average wage growth. Countries with high statutory tax rates--this red  line right here--their wage growth is less than 1 percent. Do you know  where the United States falls? The United States falls as the highest  statutory corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. Our wage  growth is at the bottom.   Low tax rates result in high wage growth. This fight is for the  middle class of America. This fight is for hard-working American  families. This fight is to grow wages across the State of Colorado,  from the Eastern Plains to the Western Slope, and around the country. I  hope all of us will be engaged in this fight.   I am going to turn this debate over to our colleague from Georgia who  has experience in business and who understands how taxes work and who  understands how to make sure he is providing for the people of Georgia.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Louisiana for  that, and I recognize the Senator from West Virginia for comments on  why this is important to the country.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from West Virginia.   I ask unanimous consent that at 2:50 p.m., Senator Rounds be  recognized as the leader of the colloquy.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Oklahoma.   