 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the deep and growing  concerns about Russia's interference in the United States' 2016  Presidential election and the implications of Russia's broader malign  activities for our national security.   On Monday, we learned from FBI Director Comey that there is an  investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential  election and whether associates of then-candidate and now-President  Donald Trump were communicating with Moscow. It is absolutely essential  that Congress and the American people get clear and comprehensive  answers on, first, what happened; second, what are Russia's strategic  goals and intentions for further interference in democratic processes  here and in Europe; and third, what we need to do to counter this  threat going forward. That is why I have repeatedly called for an  independent, transparent, special counsel to investigate the legal  aspects of Russian efforts to influence our election and a bipartisan  select committee within the Senate to look at all aspects of Russia's  destabilizing activities here and around the world.   I am concerned that the politicization of the issue of Russia's  [[Page S1962]]  interference in our elections and its hostile actions against Western  institutions and values is diverting our attention from what otherwise  should be recognized as a clear and potent threat to America's  security. We need to focus on what is critical: Russia is attacking  American democracy as part of an even broader assault on our  cornerstone NATO alliance and the post-Cold War international order.   The threat posed by Russia's actions is not merely ``fake news,'' as  serious as that phenomenon may be, but a very real, very strategic  threat to U.S. interests. Russia is testing America and the  transatlantic community across multiple fronts.   Today, I will highlight just how broad and fundamental this threat  from Russia really is.   What should be clear to everyone is that last year Russia engaged in  a systematic and strategic effort to influence the U.S. Presidential  election. While we do not know all the details of Russia's involvement,  we know that in January the U.S. intelligence community--including the  CIA, the FBI, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence,  or the ODNI--issued its assessment that Russia engaged in bold and  unprecedented efforts to influence and undermine trust in the U.S.  Presidential election.   Among the January intelligence report's findings were the following:  first, that President Putin, in their words, ``ordered an influence  campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.''   The intelligence community also found that ``Russia's goals were to  undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate  Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential  presidency.''   The report further found that Russia's influence campaign was  multifaceted and included covert intelligence operations such as cyber  espionage against U.S. political organizations like the Republican  National Committee and the Democratic National Committee. It combined  the release of hacked information with overt propaganda efforts through  Russian government agencies, state-funded media, third-party  intermediaries, and paid social media actors, or, as they are referred  to, trolls.   Another key finding was that Russia's influence efforts in the 2016  U.S. Presidential election reflect--in the words of the intelligence  community--``a significant escalation'' compared to previous  information operations.   The intelligence community also warned that these Russian activities,  including ``cyber-enabled disclosure operations'' likely represent a  ``New Normal'' in Russian conduct toward the United States and our  allies and partners.   The intelligence community further assessed that Russia will use the  lessons learned from the 2016 U.S. Presidential election to influence  future elections in the United States and overseas. We do not have to  look very far for evidence supporting this conclusion.   Russia is alleged to have targeted an April 2016 referendum in the  Netherlands on a partnership agreement between the European Union and  Ukraine, which was overwhelmingly rejected by Dutch voters. This year,  Russia is openly intervening in France's Presidential election to be  held in April. For example, Russia has loaned tens of millions of  dollars to the far-right National Front Party in France, whose leader,  Marine Le Pen, has defended Russia's annexation of Crimea and  criticized international sanctions against Russia.   Germany, which holds parliamentary elections in September, has also  been targeted by Russian hackers and trolls--straight out of the  Kremlin playbook we saw used here last year. Russia is attempting to  steadily erode the integrity and western orientation of multiple  Eastern European countries through a variety of state and state- controlled or state-influenced activities. These coordinated and  focused Russian operations threaten to undermine the European cohesion  which underpins the post-Cold War international order. This pattern of  Russian interference will only intensify with time if it goes  unchallenged.   Russia's malign activities also threaten our core security  relationships with our transatlantic allies and partners. The NATO  alliance has been the bedrock of our security relationship with our  European allies. Since the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s,  countries in Central and Eastern Europe have aspired to integrate more  closely with the West, whether militarily through NATO membership or  economically within the European Union, or both. But President Putin  rejects the post-Cold War international order and seeks to reestablish  a Russian sphere of influence over his immediate neighbors by weakening  democracy, collective security, and economic cooperation across the  region.    In pursuit of this strategic goal, Putin has demonstrated a  willingness to use all tools at his disposal, including cyber hacking,  disinformation, propaganda, economic leverage, corruption, and even  military force, to violate the sovereignty of Russia's neighbors and  undermine support for their further integration into Europe.   Since 2008, in neighboring Georgia, Russia has occupied two regions  and recognized their independence, which the international community  widely condemns as a violation of Georgia's territorial integrity.  Georgia's aspirations since the 2008 Bucharest Summit to join the NATO  Alliance have been on hold.   In Ukraine, Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea and its continuing  support to Russian-led separatists in eastern Ukraine are part of  Putin's strategy of destabilizing the Kyiv government and blocking  Ukraine's further integration westward. Putin has repeatedly used  influence operations to hide the presence of ``little green men'' on  Ukrainian soil, to spread disinformation about Ukrainian political  leaders, and to influence financially corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs to  support Russia. Putin is also using propaganda and other activities to  try to break western unity in support of the United States and EU  sanctions intended to pressure Russia to comply with its commitments  under the Minsk agreements for ending the conflict in Ukraine. It is  critically important to maintain, and potentially strengthen, these  sanctions to change Russia's aggressive behavior and get to a peaceful  political settlement to end the fighting in Ukraine.   In Montenegro, it appears that Russia has added political  assassination as a potential weapon to block an Eastern European  country from pursuing membership in NATO. Last month, the British press  reported that ``Russian nationalists'' under the direction of Russian  intelligence officials plotted to assassinate then-Prime Minister  Djukanovic during Montenegro's elections in October. According to these  reports, Montenegrin authorities foiled the assassination attempt just  hours before the plot was to be carried out. This attempted coup d'etat  represents a new and dangerous level of interference by Russia to  discourage Montenegro and others from further integrating with the  West.   As some of my colleagues have read in the February 14th New York  Times article, Russia has fielded a missile system that violates the  Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces, or INF, Treaty--a ground-launched  intermediate-range nuclear missile that threatens all of NATO. The INF  Treaty was signed by President Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev in 1987.  This landmark treaty dramatically reduced Cold War nuclear tensions by  eliminating an entire class of ground-launched ballistic and cruise  missiles that could have struck Moscow or Berlin in less than 10  minutes.   Now Russia has moved nuclear-capable, short-range, ground-launched  Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave between Poland and  Lithuania. The Iskander missile's range threatens German borders-- something not seen since the 1980s. The Iskander deployment runs  counter to a detente that has been in place since 1989, when President  Bush reduced U.S. conventional forces in Europe--and Russia did the  same--in order to relieve destabilizing tension in the region and  lessen the risk of escalation or miscalculation. Furthermore, Russian  aggression goes beyond the violations of the INF Treaty and the  Iskander missile.   During the 2014 invasion of Crimea, Russia practiced snap nuclear  exercises to test the readiness of its Armed Forces to send a signal  that there was  [[Page S1963]]  a nuclear backstop to the invasion. More disturbingly, by invading  Ukraine, Russia violated the Budapest Memorandum, a multilateral  commitment in which Ukraine and three other former Soviet states  pledged to transfer to Russia the nuclear weapons they retained after  the collapse of the Soviet Union in return for Russian recognition of  their sovereignty.   Besides unilaterally reneging on its Budapest commitments, in 2014  Russia has pulled out of the DOD and DOE--Department of Defense and  Department of Energy--Cooperative Threat Reduction Programs, which  secured nuclear materials at storage sites and national borders. Russia  has some of the largest stockpiles of nuclear materials in the world  that are vulnerable to insider threats. In 2016, Russia suspended its  participation in the agreement with the United States to convert 34  metric tons of weapons-grade plutonium for use as fuel for reactors.   Since the very beginning of the Cold War, nonproliferation and arms  control agreements between Russia and the United States have always  received a high priority from both countries, regardless of how  relations in other areas went up or down. Russia's recent actions call  into question whether this can continue.   Russian actions in Syria pose a further challenge to stability in the  Middle East and the broader international community. Russia's military  operations to prop up the murderous Assad regime belies Moscow's claim  that it intervened to fight violent extremists, including ISIS and al- Qaida. Russia has provided significant political, economic, and  military support to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, even as he has  slaughtered tens of thousands of Syrian civilians and used chemical  weapons against his own people. Russia has repeatedly exercised its  veto power in the U.N. Security Council on behalf of the Syrian regime  in defiance of international standards and U.S.-led peace efforts, and,  just last month, Russia vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution  seeking to punish Syria for using chemical weapons.   For all of these reasons, we must recognize that Russia's  alarming interference in our election is only one aspect of a much  broader and dangerous threat to our core national security interests.  Russia's malign behavior needs to be investigated fully and in a manner  that is free of political considerations. We need answers to key  questions, including:    What are Russia's overall strategic security goals, and how do  Russian influence activities in Europe and the United States advance  those goals?   What are the tools of Russia's influence? How has Russia used, or  continues to use, those tools in influencing campaigns in Europe? How  do Russian activities in Europe compare to what was evident in the U.S.  Presidential elections last year?   How has Russia used influence activities in concert with other  unconventional warfare tactics and operational activities--for example,  to support proxy forces in Ukraine and elsewhere?   What is the threat these Russian influence activities pose to U.S.  democratic institutions? To NATO? To the European Union? To the post- Cold War liberal order and value system?   What are the weaknesses and vulnerabilities in the United States and  European countries that Russia is successfully exploiting and  magnifying?   Finally, how can the U.S. Government counter and deter Russia's  influence activities, and what capabilities, structures, and other  resources are needed for these purposes?   An investigation of these questions would best be conducted by an  independent, transparent, outside body appointed in a bipartisan  manner. However, if Congress cannot reach consensus to make that  happen, then, as a ranking member on the Senate Armed Services  Committee, I intend to work with the chairman to undertake the  necessary effort within the committee and across the Senate. I believe  we can work in a bipartisan fashion on this critical threat to our  national security. I look forward to shedding light on this issue and  examining what we need to do as a country to defend ourselves against  and deter Russian malign influence.   As a final point, we are focused, of course, on what happened in  2016--and it is a topic of daily discussions and newspaper articles-- but one of the most sobering factors is that we have an election in  process right now for 2018. If it demonstrates the same interference,  Russia could have an effect on that election. Indeed, there are  indications that they are actually probing State election systems--the  names of voters, how the States calculate and vote. Nothing has been  established that would suggest they attempted to influence that  activity, but the simple probing suggests that we have much to do to  protect ourselves going forward--indeed, as much as looking back and  finding out what went on in the 2016 election.   For these reasons, and many more, we have to work together, as I  suggested and encouraged, in a bipartisan way to get at the answers-- not just to look backward but to protect ourselves going forward.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   