 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, President Trump has been in office now  for more than 9 months. For this entire time, Senate Democrats have  been trying to obstruct him from doing the very job that he was elected  by the American people to do. The President has laid out his agenda to  create jobs, to grow the economy, and to help hard-working American  taxpayers. Yet Democrats will do everything they can to stop the  President from putting his team in place to accomplish these goals.   They have tried to stop the President's legislative agenda because  they know that his policies will actually work. When Republican  policies become law, Democrats know that the people will see how  successful these Republican policies are. I think Democrats are worried  that they may never win another election again once we get these  policies into place. That is why we have seen a record number of delays  and obstructions by the Democrats in the Senate. They have done it on  legislation, and they have even blocked the President from filling some  of the most basic jobs within his administration.   It started on day one. Normally, on Inauguration Day, the President  gets a substantial number of people confirmed to his Cabinet. The idea  is to let the President get his team in place so that it can hit the  ground running. President Obama had six of his Cabinet Secretaries  confirmed on Inauguration Day, and President Bush had seven Secretaries  confirmed on Inauguration Day. These confirmations were by voice vote,  but that was not the case with President Trump--just two with rollcall  votes on Inauguration Day.   Republicans in the Senate did not do anything to try to block the  Cabinet Secretaries for President Obama, for we understood that it was  best to give a new President a chance and for all of us to work  together when we could. With George W. Bush, it was seven. That is how  it usually works, but not anymore--no, not with this group of Democrats  in the Senate. They really were never interested in giving President  Trump a chance. They really do not seem to be working together. Last  January, President Trump had two people confirmed to the Cabinet on  Inauguration Day--the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of  Homeland Security. They were the only two jobs that the Democrats  allowed the President to fill.   In President Trump's first 9 months in office, Democrats have  continued to block the way. They have allowed just 185 of his nominees  to take their jobs. That is how ridiculous the Democrats have been in  trying to keep President Trump from putting his team in place. By this  far into the administration at the same time, President Obama had 364  nominees in place. The Democrats have blocked judges, Cabinet  Secretaries, and other high-ranking officials.   Now, it is interesting because you have seen this. Many of these  nominees even have Democrat support, and they are not controversial at  all, but Democrats are doing everything they can to slow down the  process. During President Obama's first 9 months, he had 364 confirmed.  So President Obama had gotten 2 for every 1 that President Trump has  gotten confirmed.   There are 81 of President Trump's nominees who have gone through the  committees and another some number today. They are 81 people who have  been nominated by the President for positions in the government who are  just waiting right now for a vote on the Senate floor. Many of these  people got through the nomination process in June but are still waiting  and being blocked by Democrats in the Senate. It is outrageous.   Do Democrats really think that these are not important jobs--that  they do not need people in those jobs to do the important work that  they have been assigned to do?   I believe that we should confirm as many of them as possible today.  There are 13 judges waiting for confirmation. There are 8 U.S.  attorneys waiting, including the U.S. attorney from my home State of  Wyoming. These are important jobs.   We all understand that there is a process that we need to go through  to fill these positions--to make sure the people are vetted and to make  sure they are the right people for the jobs. All of these people have  followed the process. They have been doing everything they have been  asked to do in that they have filled out the paperwork, filled out the  disclosures, and have gone through the committees. Now it is time for  the Senate to get its work done. I would say let's do it today.   Interestingly enough, in August, the Democrats finally allowed a  significant number of people to be confirmed. More than 60 people were  confirmed by voice vote on one day. That is the kind of thing that used  to be very routine in the Senate--letting a large number of  noncontroversial nominees be approved all at once. It is now time to do  it again. There is a significant backlog. So I want to get these folks  confirmed now. It is time to clear the deck and let these people get to  work who have been nominated and vetted, who have gone through the  committees and been approved.   We need to move these nominations because we have more nominations on  the way. We are going to have to deal with the nominations of two  Cabinet Secretaries for positions that are currently vacant. President  Trump has nominated Kirstjen Nielsen to be Secretary of Homeland  Security. It is an important job, and she is very qualified for it.  [[Page S6795]]    Do the Democrats plan to block her confirmation to be Secretary of  Homeland Security? Do the Democrats plan to obstruct this qualified  woman from doing the important job she has been nominated by President  Trump to do?    The President deserves to have his team in place. The Senate has an  obligation to get that work done. The Department of Homeland Security  deserves to have a Secretary in place to keep us safe. That is how it  has worked in the past and how it should be working now.   These people manage major Departments of the government. They manage  many career workers. We know that the Washington bureaucracy has grown  tremendously over the years and that it is very difficult to eliminate  people who aren't doing their jobs properly. We have seen it in the  scandals over the years. Remember the Gold King Mine disaster?  President Obama's EPA--the group who is supposed to protect the  environment--actually dumped 3 million gallons of toxic wastewater in a  river in Colorado. Remember the scandals involving bureaucrats in the  Department of Veterans Affairs, the IRS, and the General Services  Administration during the Obama administration? We need Presidential  appointees in place overseeing these Federal workers to make sure that  the government of the people is accountable to the American people.   The Senate needs to be involved in providing oversight through our  power of advice and consent. Democrats don't want that to happen. They  have been keeping the Senate from providing that oversight, dragging  out the process, making sure that the bureaucrats whom they seem to  have more faith in are accountable to the American people rather than  those whom the American people voted for on election day.   These are important jobs, and we have qualified people ready to do  the work. Democrats have delayed for 9 months. It is time to break that  logjam today.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   