 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is nice to see the Presiding Officer in  the Chair. Because he is a student of history, I know it will come as  no surprise to my colleague from Colorado that this week marks the 70th  anniversary of the Marshall Plan.   In 1947, Europe was in ruins. After years of war, factories from  Manchester to Munich had been bombed out. Railroads laid disfigured  from artillery. Farms stood defaced by the tracks of a thousand tanks.  Across the continent, Europe's once humming economies stood silent.  Over 60 million people had died, including 6 million Jews who were  killed in the Holocaust.   Here in the United States, we mourned the loss of over 400,000 of our  soldiers. We had spent, in today's dollars, nearly $4 trillion to  secure that victory in World War II. But to secure the peace, our  leaders understood that even more was required of us. Truman's  Secretary of State, George Marshall, told the Nation that without a  return to ``normal economic health in the world,'' there could be ``no  assured peace.'' In other words, if famine and poverty remained  unchecked across Europe, unanswered, fascism and communism would soon  follow, threatening U.S. interests and global stability at the same  time.   So after years of sacrifice--sacrifice that this generation of  Americans, thank goodness, has never had to endure--the easy course  would have been to withdraw behind the Atlantic and the Pacific, turn  our back on the world, and embrace isolation.   Instead, we proposed the Marshall Plan, a bold investment to revive  Europe's economies, modernize industry, and expand trade, not only for  allies like France and Britain but also for our enemies, Germany and  Italy. It was extraordinary that political leaders here once made those  decisions. I struggle to think of a time in human history when the  victor helped to revive the vanquished with no strings attached, no  colonial objective.   As the Marshall Plan made its way through Congress, leaders in  Washington made the case to the American people, even standing firm  against some who wanted to require European countries to buy only  American products with the aid that we gave them. Still in the years to  come, American farmers and manufacturers would fill millions of crates  of wheat and wood, of sugar and steel to rebuild Europe from the  ravages of war.   President Truman understood that, in time, strong European economies  would become strong trading partners, strong military allies, and a  bulwark of freedom against Soviet expansion. History proved him right,  to say the least.   After the Marshall Plan, Western Europe surged back to life as  Eastern Europe stagnated behind the Iron Curtain. In the West,  production rose and hunger fell. Foes became friends. Bonds across the  Atlantic solidified. Investments through the Marshall Plan helped lay  the foundation for NATO, the common market, and the European Union.   Few actions in our foreign policy have been as consequential for  America's long-term interests, for our national interests, and all at a  cost of $150 billion in today's dollars--25 times less than the total  cost of World War II  [[Page S3319]]  and about 25 times less than what we paid in the wars in Iraq and  Afghanistan.   As President Truman invested in Europe's recovery, he also helped  fashion a new world order from the rubble of war. American leadership  forged global institutions to enshrine our interests and values around  the world for generations, giving rise to the World Bank, the  International Monetary Fund, the United Nations, and the entire  international system that we have today.   Seventy years ago, President Truman had the vision to think longer  term. He had the wisdom to see that what was good for others was often  good for us as well. And he had the courage to ask our citizens to  lead, to sacrifice, and to believe that even after the second war in a  generation, it was still within their power to shape a lasting peace.   Those actions, those qualities are why Truman's Presidency marks one  of the finest periods in American foreign policy in the history of our  foreign policy. The comparison with what we are seeing today just  couldn't be starker.   Under the banner of putting America first, President Trump has  undermined our interests at nearly every turn. At a time when China  proposes to spend over a trillion dollars to expand its global  influence with new railroads from Hungary to Kenya, new bridges and  tunnels linking Southeast Asia together, and new electrical plants to  power Pakistan, President Trump proposes to slash our foreign  assistance advancing U.S. interests around the world. At a time when  NATO faces challenges to its east and south, President Trump publicly  rebukes the alliance and refuses to reinforce its bedrock principle of  collective security.   As the recent terrorist attack unfolded in London, President Trump  took to Twitter to promote his political agenda and sow fear in the  wake of that attack. In the face of challenges like extremism and  instability that demand 40-year strategies like the ones President  Truman had in mind, President Trump is conducting his foreign policy  140 characters at a time.   Now, as the world unites to confront the perils of climate change,  our President has withdrawn from the landmark Paris Agreement, which we  helped forge, in a shameful abdication of America's global leadership.  In doing so, the President ignored the voices of millions of Americans  and thousands of businesses, urging him--against the arguments that he  made--to stay in the agreement for climate reasons, for economic  reasons, and for national security reasons as well. By withdrawing from  it, the President has turned his back on millions of people across the  globe, as well, mostly the poor, who are already on the edge of crisis,  who may face drought, displacement, and famine from a warming planet.   America has a strong interest in avoiding that future. Anybody who  has seen what has happened since the Arab Spring understands what  resulted from a doubling of the price of wheat in Egypt. A wise leader  could see that. A President Truman would see that.   Like the Marshall Plan, the Paris Agreement recognized that in the  modern world there is no ``over there'' anymore. Today, over there is  here, and here is over there, and our President fundamentally doesn't  understand it.   He claimed that withdrawing from the Paris Agreement would ``put  America first.'' In fact, this move threatens to put America last--last  in innovation, last in clean energy, last in science, last in our moral  responsibility to hand the next generation a safe and stable planet.  That is why States and cities all across the country are making their  own commitments to honor the Paris Agreement.   Now it is just us, Nicaragua, and Syria on the other side. That is  why towns, cities, and States all across the country are scrambling to  fill the void of leadership left by the administration to show the rest  of the world that we are serious too.   In my home State of Colorado, we know that we can protect our economy  and our climate, that we can grow our economy and protect our climate.  We see those as linked together. You can't do one without the other. We  developed the first State limits on methane pollution. We passed the  first voter-led renewable standard in the entire Nation. We established  our own limits on carbon pollution. And in the process, we have created  13,000 renewable energy jobs, with wind jobs alone expected to triple  by 2020. On average, those jobs pay a salary of $50,000. We are  manufacturing again in our State with the supply chains that come along  with it.   What comes with those commonsense regulations? One of the strongest  economies in America, the lowest unemployment rate in America, and we  see this all across the country. New energy jobs are growing 12 times  faster than the overall economy. The President doesn't see any of that.   In a matter of months, from foreign assistance, to global alliances,  to terrorism and climate change, the administration has imperiled  America's stature with a shortsighted and willfully ignorant agenda  that is profoundly out of step with the realities of the world and the  interests of the people of the United States.   In a recent op-ed, senior officials from the administration painted  the world as no more than an ``arena'' where nations ``compete for  advantage.'' They were trying to explain the President's behavior while  he was in Europe. That attitude marks a huge departure from generations  of American foreign policy. This is not about the Obama administration;  this is about a set of traditional American values and approaches to  the world that we have had almost since the Nation's founding, and the  space the President is creating out there in the world by abandoning  those treasured American values gives space to those who seek every  single day to undermine the liberal world order that has allowed our  country and allies across the globe to succeed.   The President should understand that generations of leaders in the  United States have put America first. They have always put America  first--not in slogans or stump speeches but in the alliances and  institutions we built, the values we champion, the alliances we forged  that have given our world 70 years of peace and prosperity. That is a  legacy upon which we must build--one that has put America first and has  kept America first today and, if we act wisely, I think for decades to  come.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   