 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  underlying bill, H.R. 38; or maybe that is the lead bill and there is  an underlying bill that has been attached to it. I want to speak a  little bit here about this process.   First of all, though, we have a concealed carry bill before us that  is a good and an excellent bill, that has been hard-worked and well- vetted, and I want to thank Mr. Hudson for his diligent work on this  for a number of years.   A year and a half or more ago we had this bill about ready to go  before the Judiciary Committee. I raised an issue. My concern was that  it didn't allow for the proper respect for the States--7 then, 12 now-- who have legitimate constitutional carry, which is: Since you have a  Second Amendment right, you have a right to carry a weapon.   Under this bill now, having incorporated an amendment that I had  prepared a year and a half or so ago that allows then for the residents  of the States who have constitutional carry to then travel into other  States; if they are legal in their home State, they are legal in  another State, under this bill, without having to require the States  that respect full constitutional carry to produce permits for their  citizens and their residents to travel into neighboring States or  anywhere in the country. I think that is a significant improvement, and  I thank Mr. Hudson for his cooperation and work on that. Like I say,  this is a good and solid bill.   I am, however, concerned about this process. When I hear the  gentleman, Mr. Hastings, speak about this is the 54th closed rule that  we have seen, I am for a lot of open rules. I am for open debate. I  want to fight it out in committee and I want to fight it out here on  the floor.   Our Founding Fathers understood that. They set this system up this  way. They said to all of us: Go to your district, pull the best ideas  you have there, generate your own good ideas, bring them here, and let  them compete in this marketplace of ideas.   But if we don't have the window to compete with ideas, if we don't  have that opportunity to have the debates, if we don't have the  opportunity to force votes on amendments, then the best that America  has to offer eventually doesn't show up in the law or to the  President's desk.   This is one of those circumstances where we learned a bill that  didn't have a number the morning that we marked this up in committee is  now the Fix NICS bill. It got a number sometime that same day. There  was not a full opportunity to vet the Fix NICS bill. I am very  apprehensive about what it might do to this country.   I would like to have had hearings and learn what kind of American  citizens, law-abiding citizens, will be disadvantaged by the Fix NICS  bill. Whose names get on that and why? How do you get those names off  when you need to be cleaning up the list?   I want to have everybody on the list who belongs on the list, but I  don't want anybody on the list who doesn't belong on the list. I want  to protect American people and I want to protect constitutional rights.   We didn't get an opportunity to look into this, and anybody who  brought an amendment to the Rules Committee, it came to the floor under  a closed rule. So I am concerned and I am apprehensive about this.   In fact, as I look through these provisions, I strongly support  section 103, Vicky Hartzler's section in the bill. Section 104----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I support also the section of the judges, but  offered an amendment in committee--too many Members weren't there; at  least 10 Republicans were gone--to protect congressional Members of  Congress in the same way as the judges. We didn't have that opportunity  to actually have a hearing on it in the committee--a legitimate one-- and we didn't have an opportunity to bring that amendment to the floor,  so I have this apprehension.   Mr. Speaker, I urge that we get back to regular order.   