 Mr. Speaker and Ranking Member Torres, thank you for  bringing this legislation to the floor once again.   I want to elaborate a little bit on what my friend and colleague from  Portland talked about. It was more than just a camping trip. It was 3  nights with backpacks, 4 days, 41 miles, and 9,000 feet of gain and  loss in elevation. We went all the way around Mt. Hood, which is an  extraordinary piece of Oregon, and we had a wonderful time.   Along the way, we had our ornithologist there; we had geologists  there; we had biologists; we had advocates for wilderness and advocates  for recreation. We were met by, I think it was, the Mazamas with  watermelons. One afternoon, they hiked them up I don't know how many  thousand feet to share with us. It was really a kind of Oregon-way  experience, because we all care deeply about the watersheds, the jobs,  the recreation, the beauty, the incredible piece of the world we live  in around Mt. Hood.   It is my home area. I grew up around the Hood River. This land  exchange has been a battle since the 1970s, in a sense, in that my  community long ago said: We don't want a lot of development up in this  Crystal Springs watershed and in this very pristine area around the  Hood River upper valley. It really belongs around the corner of Mt.  Hood, up in Government Camp where there already is development.   This fight has gone on for years; and all sides came together, as we  did in our legislation, and said: We agree. And so we said: Fine, we  will put that in the bill. They worked it out with the Forest Service  and everybody else, and then we said: Okay. They have done the heavy  lift for the last, I don't know, 30 years. Forest Service, you just  make this transfer and do it in 16 months. That is what the law said.   We are nearly 8 years later and this is still languishing; and,  unfortunately, we are back trying again, because we are never going to  quit until we are done. We are getting much closer.   In fact, the law we passed back in 2009, Public Law 111-11, deals  with this Public Lands Act. It said: ``Deadline for completion of land  exchange. It is the intent of the Congress that the land exchange under  this subsection shall be completed not later than 16 months after the  date of enactment of this Act.''   Again, that was back in 2009. It is important to protect this  watershed. It is important that where development occurs, it occurs in  the right places. We have always felt that way in Oregon. And, indeed,  facilitating this exchange resolves a decades-long controversy and puts  development where it belongs, protects a special area in the upper Hood  River Valley that needs protection, and finally brings certainty and  resolution.   I hope you all will come out and see it, or you can come over to the  Energy and Commerce Mt. Hood Room which soon will have a beautiful  photograph there of Mt. Hood at Lost Lake, and I encourage you to come  over. When you are tired of that, you can come over to the new Crater  Lake room in the Energy and Commerce Committee suites as well. I have  discovered being chairman of the full committee, you get to name  rooms--at least briefly during your tenure--and show off some of the  best aspects of your State.   With that, Mr. Speaker, thank you for bringing this to the floor. I  look forward to House passage, Senate passage, and getting this puppy  signed into law.   