 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Texas  for yielding to me.   I just want to take a few moments to thank the House for the work  they did recently on H.R. 1242, and I want to urge the Senate to take  action on this bill as well.   So I rise today in support of H.R. 1242, entitled 400 Years of  African-American History Commission Act. I am a cosponsor of this  legislation. I worked with my colleagues to pass this act in the House,  and I look forward to the Senate also passing this bill.   I believe it is important for all citizens of the United States to  recognize the unique history, sacrifices, and remarkable contributions  that African Americans have made to build our great Nation.   I am invigorated by this legislative intention to identify and  educate the public on the arrival of Africans and their role in  building this great country. It is equally important to understand the  generational impact that slavery and laws that enforced racial  discrimination have had on our United States.   While there have been many successful and inspirational African  Americans with enumerable contributions, we must address ongoing  disparities in employment and education by focusing on achieving six  milestones for success. These milestones include: entering school ready  to learn; reading at grade level by third grade; graduating from high  school ready for college or career; completing postsecondary education  or training; successfully entering the workforce; reducing violence and  providing a second chance for returning citizens.   I applaud the many organizations actively working to address these  opportunity gaps faced by African Americans. In my community of the  Second Congressional District of Nebraska, I appreciate the efforts of  Willie Hamilton, president and founder of Black Men United. He is a  true grassroots leader.   In addition, I want to highlight some other organizations and work  that is ongoing in the district I serve to implement a coherent cradle- to-college-and-career strategy for improving the life outcomes of all  young people. These organizations include: the Urban League of  Nebraska; the START Center, that is run by my friend, Julian Young; the  Omaha Empowerment Network, coordinated by Willie Barney; the Eastern  Nebraska Community Action Partnership; the 100 Black Men of Omaha; the  Malcolm X Foundation; the Operation  [[Page H4600]]  Youth Success; members of the Midlands Mentoring Partnership; the  efforts of the City of Omaha through the Black Male Achievement  Program, previously coordinated by Cameron Gales, another friend of  mine.   Like all complicated issues facing Americans, we need this type of  strong community support, along with smart bipartisan legislation to  address these problems.   As the African-American History Commission develops programs, I hope  they will consider inspiring communities to continue building  partnerships between local organizations, government, businesses, and  foundations. This will connect young African-American men and women  with support networks, mentoring programs, and the skills and training  they need to succeed in the classroom and in the workforce.   While we learn from and celebrate the past, we must also look to a  much brighter future for all Americans.   