 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss international data  privacy. This is a critically important issue that has become all the  more important over the years as we become more sophisticated. It has  become all the more pressing in recent months as a result of court  decisions impacting law enforcement's ability to access electronic  communications overseas.   I don't think it would surprise anyone to hear me say that our  privacy laws have not kept pace with technological developments. The  primary statute that governs law enforcement's ability to access  electronic data, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or ECPA,  was enacted over 30 years ago--long before most people had even heard  of email or the internet. ECPA was drafted in a world in which  electronic data was stored on personal computers or on servers located  in offices or homes. It presumes a world where data is in one location  and where in order to access data, a person simply goes to the relevant  location and retrieves it. But that is not the world we live in, at  least not today. Nowadays, much of our data is stored not on home or  office computers but in the cloud, a network of remote servers spread  throughout the world that allows us to access data from literally  anywhere.   The rise of cloud and remote network computing has transformed the  way companies and individuals store data. No longer is data stored on  sites or in one discrete location; rather, data pertaining to a single  individual or even to a single document may be stored at multiple  sites, spread across countries or even across continents. This has  created all sorts of complications for our laws.   ECPA requires law enforcement to obtain a warrant before it can  access many types of electronic communications. It also prohibits  disclosure to foreign entities. Warrants, however, traditionally have  stopped at the water's edge. A judge here in Washington can issue a  warrant authorizing law enforcement to search an office here in  Washington but cannot issue a warrant for searches in London or Paris.   So what is law enforcement to do in a world of cloud computing where  pieces of the same electronic document might be stored in Washington,  London, and Paris?   One possibility is to say that as long as the data is accessible from  the United States--that is, so long as you can retrieve it by logging  on to a computer somewhere in the United States--that is all that  matters; law enforcement can order its disclosure.   This sort of maximalist approach, however, brings with it a whole  host of problems. To begin with, it pays scant attention to the laws  and interests of other countries, including our closest allies. Other  countries, it turns out, have data privacy laws of their own, and just  like ECPA, sometimes these laws prohibit disclosure to foreign  entities, including foreign law enforcement. So to say U.S. law  enforcement can compel disclosure and data stored anywhere in the world  so long as that data is accessible in the United States is really to  say that U.S. law enforcement can override the laws of other countries.   More particularly, it is to say U.S. law enforcement can order  individuals or companies that store data overseas to violate the  privacy laws of other countries. This is unfair to service providers  who may find themselves on the wrong side of the law no matter which  side they choose and does little to help international relations. It  also undermines trust, drives customers to foreign competitors, and  undermines the privacy of U.S. citizens by emboldening other countries  with less robust privacy regimes that similarly seek unlimited extra  territorial access to data.   Another possibility is to say that if the data is stored in the  United States, then law enforcement may access it, but if it is stored  outside our borders, it is off limits.   This is essentially the current state of affairs following a decision  last summer by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that  ECPA warrants do not reach data stored abroad. Under the Second  Circuit's decision, U.S. law enforcement can use compulsory process to  access data stored in the United States but must work through  diplomatic channels to obtain data stored overseas.   This sort of domestic storage regime has the benefit of avoiding the  conflict-of-laws problems I have just described, but it also has very  real drawbacks.   To begin with, it impedes law enforcement's ability to solve and  prevent crime in cases where the needed data is stored outside the  United States, even when the creator of the data is an American, the  service provider storing the data is an American, and the crime being  investigated took place here in the United States. The mere  happenstance that the data is stored beyond our borders, even though it  may constantly or instantly be accessed from within our borders, places  it off limits. Service providers' varying business practices in moving  and holding data determine whether an investigation moves forward.   This sort of domestic storage regime also forces U.S. law enforcement  to work through diplomatic channels, which sometimes are slow and  sometimes very cumbersome and in many instances less protective of  privacy than U.S. criminal process, which requires a warrant from a  neutral magistrate and a finding of probable cause.  [[Page S3083]]    The upshot is that neither of these regimes is satisfactory. A  maximalist regime that extends U.S. law enforcement jurisdiction  worldwide creates serious conflict-of-law problems and places U.S.  service providers in impossible positions. A more modest domestic  storage regime, by contrast, hinders law enforcement's ability to solve  crime and protect us from harm, based solely on where a particular  document or piece of data happens to be stored at a given moment in  time.   What we need is a sensible regime with clear rules that determine  access based on factors that actually matter to the person whose data  is being sought. Privacy laws are meant to protect people, not  abstractions. We ought not get bogged down with mindless formalism.  Most people could care less whether their data is stored at site A or  site B or country A or country B as long as it is easily accessible and  has robust privacy protections.   At the same time, we need to take proper account of the laws and  interests of other countries, especially our allies. We ought to avoid,  where possible, trampling on other nations' sovereignty or ignoring  their own citizens' legitimate claims to privacy, whether here in the  United States or abroad.   For this reason, I believe the right approach to international data  privacy is to ground the analysis on the location of the person whose  data is being sought. It is, after all, the person who has rights and  the person whose interests are devalued when data is obtained without  proper process.   Accordingly, I have proposed legislation called the International  Communications Privacy Act, or ICPA, that sets clear rules for when and  how U.S. law enforcement can access electronic data based on the  location and nationality of the person whose data is being sought. I  intend to introduce an updated version of this legislation in the very  near future.   Here is what the updated version of this legislation will say: If a  person is a U.S. national or located in the United States, then law  enforcement may compel disclosure no matter where the data is stored,  provided the data is accessible from a U.S. computer and law  enforcement uses proper criminal process. If a person is not a U.S.  national, however, and is not located in the United States, then  different rules apply.   These rules are founded on three principles: respect, comity, and  reciprocity.   First, respect. If U.S. law enforcement wishes to access data  belonging to a non-U.S. national located outside the United States,  then law enforcement must notify the person's country of citizenship  and provide that country an opportunity to object to the disclosure.  This protocol shows respect to the other country and gives the country  an opportunity to assert the privacy rights of its citizen.   Second, comity. If, after receiving notice, the other country lodges  an objection, the U.S. court undertakes a comity analysis to determine  whose interests should rightfully prevail--the U.S. interests in  obtaining the data or the foreign interests in preventing disclosure.  As part of this analysis, the court can consider such factors as the  location of the crime, the seriousness of the crime, the importance of  the data to the investigation, and the possibility of accessing the  data through other means. This analysis prevents an obstinate foreign  power from impeding investigations without good reason or where the  U.S. interests in disclosure are particularly strong.   Third, reciprocity. In order to receive notice and an opportunity to  object, the other country must provide reciprocal notice-and-objection  rights to the United States. The country must also provide robust  privacy protections within its own borders and satisfy international  human rights standards. These requirements ensure that the U.S.  provides its own citizens an equal or greater level of protection  against foreign requests for data. They also offer incentives to  foreign governments to properly safeguard the data of U.S. citizens  within their jurisdiction.   Tomorrow, the Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and  Terrorism will hold a hearing on law enforcement access to data stored  abroad. That hearing, I hope, will elucidate many of the principles I  just described.   Soon after the hearing, I will reintroduce the International  Communications Privacy Act. The bill as reintroduced will incorporate  feedback from law enforcement and privacy groups. I intend to push very  hard for this legislation and will seek every opportunity to do so. I  want my colleagues to know that I will be pursuing any and all  legislative vehicles to get it across the finish line.   In the words of Utah businessman Jeff Hadfield, writing in the  Deseret News, ``It's imperative that Congress quickly address the  ambiguity within our current law. As every company becomes a software  company, we need legislation that supports our companies' ability to  store data overseas, protects our individual privacy rights, and helps  U.S. law enforcement do its important job.'' I could not agree more.   The International Communications Privacy Act provides critical  guidance to law enforcement, while respecting the laws and interests of  our allies. It brings a set of simple, straightforward rules to a  chaotic area of law and creates an example for other countries to  follow. It is a balanced approach and a smart approach, and it deserves  this body's full support.   Mr. President, on another matter, I wish to register my strong  support today for the confirmation of John Sullivan to be Deputy  Secretary of State.   The nomination of John Sullivan is another example of President Trump  choosing the best and brightest for national security positions in his  administration.   I have known John Sullivan since he was confirmed as Deputy Secretary  of Commerce during the George Bush administration. He excelled in this  position, which bears many similarities to the Deputy Secretary of  State role to which he has been nominated.   For example, as Deputy Secretary of Commerce, John was responsible  for the day-to-day operations and management of a major Federal agency.  As Deputy Secretary of State, he will assume the same managerial  duties, but for a different Federal agency.   In facilitating international trade agreements at the Department of  Commerce, John Sullivan also honed his negotiating abilities,  developing a diplomatic skill set that will be critical in his new role  at the State Department.   As the chairman of the Finance Committee, I closely followed John's  tenure at Commerce. I was consistently impressed with his ability to  promote American interests abroad while maintaining constructive  relations with our trading partners. I have no doubt that he will  continue to serve our Nation well as the Deputy Secretary of State.   In addition to his management expertise, John Sullivan is a  practicing attorney with the law firm of Mayer Brown LLP. There, too,  he has developed a reputation for excellence, especially in the area of  national security law.   In John Sullivan we have a proven manager, a seasoned diplomat, and a  sharp policy mind who will bring strong leadership to the State  Department. In John Sullivan, President Trump and Secretary Tillerson  have made an inspired choice.   Secretary Tillerson is doing a tremendous job at the State  Department. With John Sullivan as his Deputy, even more can be  accomplished.   In addition, I would like to thank John Sullivan for his willingness  to serve. Of course, I would be remiss if I did not also thank his  family--especially his wife of 29 years, Grace Rodriguez, who has  provided invaluable support to John throughout his public service. It  is unlikely John would be here today without their consent and their  constant support.   Few have the skills that John Sullivan possesses. Fewer still possess  the patriotism, professionalism, and integrity he has displayed over a  distinguished career. He is the best man for the job, which is why I  urge my colleagues to confirm him without delay.   I appreciate this opportunity to make these points on the floor.   I yield the floor.   