 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Zeldin for his leadership  on this issue; his voice in criticism of this flawed nuclear deal with  Iran; and, of course, for his valiant service to the United States in  the military.   I rise tonight in strong support of the President's decision to  decertify this  [[Page H8215]]  deeply flawed JCPOA, the Iran nuclear deal under the Iran Nuclear  Agreement Review Act. I agree with the President's finding that Iran is  not transparently, not verifiably, and not fully implementing the  agreement. I agree with the President's finding that continued  sanctions relief is not in the vital security interest of the United  States.   That is because the Obama administration's nuclear deal with Iran was  a dangerous and historic mistake. The deal provided the mullahs in  Tehran with roughly $100 billion in upfront sanctions relief in  exchange for Iran's promise, future promise, to temporarily pause its  enrichment program.   Unfortunately, the agreement contained fatally deficient verification  protocols and the International Atomic Energy Agency now concedes that  it has no capacity to verify that Tehran is engaged in activities which  could contribute to the development of a nuclear explosive device. That  is because under the terms of the agreement, the very terms of the  JCPOA, international inspectors are barred from accessing Iran's  military sites where elicit nuclear activities are most likely taking  place.   President Obama's promise that there would be ``anytime, anywhere  inspections,'' but that promise was replaced with ``managed access'' to  suspect nuclear sites in which international inspectors must appeal to  Iran, Russia, and China in a bureaucratic process that would take days  during which Iran could remove anything covert and in violation of the  agreement.   As Congressman Zeldin correctly pointed out, we don't even know what  the verification protocols actually are because we haven't been able to  access the secret agreement between international inspectors, non-U.S.  inspectors, and the leadership in Tehran.   But the most serious concern is not that Iran would cheat. It is that  even if Iran is fully complying with this agreement, bad outcomes are  guaranteed. First, Iran will be allowed an arsenal of nuclear weapons  in as little as 10 years. Under the very terms of this agreement, Iran  was not denied a nuclear weapon. The path was paved for Iran to have an  arsenal of nuclear weapons with international sanction.   Iran was not required to dismantle key bomb-making technology. It was  permitted to retain vast enrichment capacity, and it was allowed to  continue research and development on advanced centrifuges, and it will  be allowed to continue to acquire intercontinental ballistic missiles.  Intercontinental ballistic missiles.   Why do you need intercontinental ballistic missiles if you have  peaceful designs for your nuclear program?   Those of you who are listening at home across America, remember this:  an intercontinental ballistic missile is not a missile designed for Tel  Aviv. An intercontinental ballistic missile is designed for New York  City; for Washington, D.C.; for Atlanta, Georgia; for Los Angeles,  California; and for Seattle, Washington; and for Chicago.   Our homeland security has been jeopardized because of this fatally  flawed agreement. Iran will receive a sanctions relief jackpot. They  have already received upwards of $100 billion so far. In my capacity as  the chairman of the subcommittee that oversees sanctions, oversees the  Treasury Department's implementation of sanctions, I can say that we  have heard it. We have heard the reporting that, as a result of this  agreement, Iran has not become pacified. Iran has actually accelerated  its support for terrorist proxies in Lebanon, Gaza, Syria, Iraq, Yemen,  and Nigeria. Because Iran's neighbors know that this deal reverses a  decades-long bipartisan policy blocking Iran's nuclear program, this  agreement continues to risk a nuclear arms race in the broader Middle  East.    They are apologists. There are defenders of the Iran nuclear deal,  and they say it is working. They say there is evidence of dismantling  of the nuclear program, but we have the benefit of almost 2 years of  implementation of the deal. We have the benefit of hindsight to see if  this deal is actually working.   Here are the facts. The facts are that since the Joint Comprehensive  Plan of Action was implemented in January of 2016, Iran has continued  to sponsor Hezbollah and other radical terrorist militias in the  region. Its support for the Assad regime alone, including the use of  planes to airlift military supplies, has helped claim an estimated 400  lives. Last April, even President Obama suggested that the Iranians  were violating the spirit of the deal by engaging in these activities.   Rather than being deterred, in October, Iran sentenced three  Americans to long prison terms on bogus charges. In January of this  year, the country tested a ballistic missile in violation of U.N.  Security Council resolution 2231. In April, just as a commercial  airline manufacturer was announcing new sales to Iran as a result of  the sanctions relief under the JCPOA, we learned that dozens of Syrian  civilians, including at least 11 children, were gassed in an Iranian- supported chemical weapons attack.   Additionally, Iran has stated that it will no longer permit  inspections of its military bases. It continues to attempt to  intimidate our allies, and is facilitating the imports and exports of  arms.   As of February 2017, Iran has fired as many as 14 ballistic missiles,  and the leaders of Iran continue to chant ``death to America,'' and  pledge to wipe Israel off the face of the planet.   So where do we go from here?   As the chairman of the subcommittee that oversees enforcement of  sanctions, we have been working on additional measures that can be  taken, including non-nuclear sanctions consistent with the JCPOA to  hold Iran accountable for its malign activities.   On April 4, we held a hearing on the effectiveness of non-nuclear  sanctions against Iran, where we determined that Iran Air, a state- owned commercial airline, has used its aircraft to transport fighters  and weapons throughout the Middle East on behalf of the Islamic  Revolutionary Guard Corp. As a result of these findings, I wrote a  letter to Treasury Secretary Mnuchin urging him to ban the sale of  commercial aircraft to Iran Air.   Similarly, I supported two appropriations amendments that would  prevent the sale of aircraft to Iran and prohibit U.S. firms from  financing such a sale.   Finally, I recently drafted a letter to the Treasury Department  urging it to identify all entities it believes to have transacted  business with the IRGC, a precursor to possible additional secondary  sanctions.   These actions are all important and relevant in the aftermath of the  President's correct decision to decertify the deal because it invites  Congress to step in and offer constructive recommendations on how to  address the flaws, the fatal flaws, in the JCPOA. These are some of  those recommendations to the administration, and we hope the Treasury  Department will respond accordingly.   Going forward, we must do the following to stem Iran's nuclear  ambitions: We must designate the IRGC as a foreign terrorist  organization. We must make permanent the sunset clauses on Iran's  nuclear program and testing. This cannot be temporary prohibition of  the Iran nuclear program. This must be a permanent ban on Iran ever  having nuclear weapons capability and the capability of delivering  those weapons.   Finally, we need to do a better job strengthening the agreement,  revising the agreement, scrapping the old agreement, and actually  getting to anytime, anywhere inspections. That means we have got to  work with the P5+1 and our European allies to revise the JCPOA so that  we mandate anytime, anywhere inspections of nuclear facilities, and so  that we are guaranteed that the IAEA, that international and U.S.  inspectors have access to all suspected sites within the territorial  boundaries of Iran.   In conclusion, I want to thank Congressman Zeldin for the Special  Order. I want to thank President Trump and his administration for their  leadership on stopping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, and for the  important national security imperative of revisiting this flawed Iran  nuclear deal so that we can actually achieve peace in the world.   Mr. Speaker, we thank Congressman Zeldin for his leadership in  pursuing this very important objective.   