 Mr. President, after the rushed and secretive effort to  repeal the Affordable Care Act failed earlier this year, I had hoped  that we could finally turn the corner and move forward in a bipartisan  fashion to find some real solutions to our Nation's remaining  healthcare challenges.   I still believe that most of us here in the Senate--including  Senators Alexander and Murray in the HELP Committee--are willing to  work across party lines to find consensus on pragmatic improvements.  That is why I was so appalled that President Trump and Republican  leadership are reviving a last-ditch effort to pass a disastrous bill  that would upend our healthcare system and take away insurance coverage  from millions of Americans.   Worse yet and even harder to believe, the bill that Republican  leadership is rushing to the floor for a vote this week potentially is  actually worse than any previous versions of this legislation. The so- called Graham-Cassidy bill they are hoping to vote on would mean higher  premiums for worse coverage and millions of Americans losing their  health insurance. It will permanently gut Medicaid. Let me say that  again. It will permanently gut Medicaid. And despite promises to the  contrary that Republicans have long made, it would end key protections  for people with preexisting conditions, such as diabetes and heart  disease. In short, it would throw our entire  [[Page S6112]]  healthcare system into chaos. That is just awful policy any way you  look at it.   How did we get here? For over 7 years, Republicans in Washington have  cheered shortcomings in our healthcare system and blamed the Affordable  Care Act for every single problem, under the premise that they would do  better if we only put them in charge. The trouble has been that their  opposition to the ACA has been more rooted in bumper sticker politics  than it ever was about actual policy or plans to do better for the  American people. The long-lasting effort on display throughout this  year in the Senate is only further evidence that President Trump and  Republicans in Congress don't have any real solutions to improve our  Nation's healthcare system.   After months of negotiations behind closed doors, when Senate  Republicans released their secret TrumpCare bill in July, its contents  proved too harmful for passage, even in their own caucus. Now they are  hoping for one more last-ditch vote before the end of September to pass  something, anything to follow through on their reckless mission.   One consequence of this legislation that is so important to my home  State of New Mexico is that if we pass this bill, it will spell the end  to any progress we have made in fighting our Nation's opioid and heroin  epidemic. It is nothing short of hypocrisy for President Trump to say  they are taking this major public health crisis seriously when they are  supporting this bill.   Ironically, the bill before us actually does less to combat opioids  than the bill that was too draconian and damaging to pass last time. It  is not just the behavioral health system and opioid treatment that will  be upended if we dismantle the Medicaid Program; Medicaid pays for  seniors in nursing homes, for school nurses who care for our kids, and  for Americans with disabilities, and Medicaid has been a financial  lifeline for hospitals and health clinics in rural communities across  this Nation. I know this because I have heard it directly from our  rural health providers in New Mexico. If we pass these drastic cuts to  Medicaid, some of our rural health providers in New Mexico may very  well have to close up shop.    This is not some partisan assessment; this is what will happen  according to many experts and people in the healthcare field who have  nothing political at stake in this debate. The Medicaid directors for  all 50 States and the Republican and Democratic Governors alike have  come out against this bill.   Look, I am not outraged about all of this because I am a Democrat or  because of what I think of President Donald Trump; I am outraged about  this bill because of what it will do to New Mexico families and to the  communities I represent.   If we can halt this mad rush, we could all--Democrats and  Republicans--get to work on the problems with healthcare that we all  agree need attention. There is work to be done, no doubt about it.  There is still time to do what is right for the American families who  elected us to work together and make their lives better. The Graham- Cassidy bill simply does not do that. There is still time to change  course--to go through regular order, to hold hearings--plural--and to  build a consensus on fixes and improvements to the healthcare system.  As Senator McCain told us all earlier this year, ``We've been spinning  our wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying to find  a way to win without help from across the aisle.'' Well said.   There is a better way forward. I am confident that most of us would  welcome a bipartisan, regular order approach. We need to remember that  there are real people's lives that hang in the balance in this debate.  I have heard so many New Mexicans talk about what health coverage means  to them and their families. I don't know about you, but that is whose  interests I am looking out for.   Real, bipartisan solutions to the challenges in our healthcare system  are within reach if President Trump and the Republican leadership would  just be willing to let us work together to find them.   Thank you, Mr. President.   