 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express support for my  legislation, H.R. 2292, which would extend the construction period for  the hydroelectric project at New York City's Cannonsville Dam in  Delaware County, New York.   Once completed, the Cannonsville hydroelectric project will generate  over 42,000 megawatt hours of electricity each year, enough to avoid  the emission of 24,000 tons of greenhouse gases. But, unfortunately,  the project is in jeopardy due to this time lag.   Current Federal Energy Regulation Commission regulations allow a  licensee 2 years to begin construction of a hydroelectric project once  the license has been issued. The FERC may extend the deadline for an  additional 2 years, but this may only be done once.   If construction has not begun on the project by the expiration of the  second extension, the Commission will terminate the license, risking  all of the hard work and planning that had been put into the project  development.   I introduced this legislation to further extend the deadline for  construction at the Cannonsville site, because the second FERC-granted  extension will expire shortly, and construction has not yet begun.   By allowing for additional time for commencement of construction, we  can help protect downstream communities and ensure the safe development  of a clean and renewable energy project on this New York City-owned  facility.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Upton, the chairman of the  subcommittee, and Ms. DeGette, the ranking member of the subcommittee,  and also thank the sponsors from New York State on this bipartisan  legislation, including Mr. Espaillat, Ms. Meng, Mr. Nadler, Ms. Clarke,  Mr. Engel, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Donovan, Mr. Collins, and Mrs. Maloney.   By bringing together the stakeholders from across the Empire State,  we have ensured that a variety of constituent concerns have been met in  the development of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2292 so that we can  further protect public water supplies for New York City and help  strengthen and modernize our Nation's energy infrastructure.   