 Mr. President, in the minutes remaining before this  vote, I want to briefly call attention to an impending constitutional  crisis we are facing in this Chamber and in this country as a result of  recent revelations coming to our attention, literally within the last  24 hours, about contacts between now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions,  our former colleague, and the Russian Ambassador.   Nearly 2 months ago, my Judiciary colleagues and I were told by then- Senator Sessions--and the Presiding Officer is on the Judiciary  Committee. We were told in no uncertain terms that he ``did not have  communications with the Russians,'' and we took him at his word.   Last night, we learned that Senator Sessions' statement was  inaccurate. These inaccurate, possibly intentionally false, statements  misled us. They misled me, personally, and I feel they failed to  provide the whole truth about his communications with and ties to the  Russians, likely on behalf of the Trump campaign. These contacts were  in the midst of an unprecedented attack on our democracy, an act of  cyber warfare against our democratic institution that not only violated  our law but subverted our electoral process.   The potentially false statements on this topic by then-Senator  Sessions were not only deeply relevant and critically important in  their own right, but they leave us with the question: What else is  missing or misleading in that testimony, and the consequential  questions about his fitness to lead the Department of Justice must be  answered.   Unless Attorney General Sessions can provide a credible explanation,  his resignation will be necessary. Senator Sessions' false statements  heighten my deep concern about credible allegations that the Trump  campaign, the transition team, and the administration officials have  colluded with the Russian Government, not only in actions prior to the  election but possibly since then in what may amount to a coverup.  Unless the whole truth is uncovered--and if there is a coverup, truly  the adage will be fulfilled that the coverup is as bad as the crime.  The only way to deter Russian aggression and continued cyber attacks on  our democracy is to uncover the truth and deter this kind of aggression  in the future.   At the time of his meetings with the Russian Ambassador, Senator  Sessions was chairman of the Trump campaign's National Security  Advisory Committee. Ambassador Kislyak is, of course, the same  individual whose repeated covert contacts with former LTG Michael  Flynn, President Trump failed to disclose both to the American public  and to his own Vice President. General Flynn's failure to make those  disclosures led to his own termination as National Security Advisor.   Contacts between these two men would raise concerns under any  circumstances, but Senator Sessions' decision to, in effect, conceal  them makes them even more troubling. I use that word with regret  because I sat in the committee hearing as he answered those questions,  and, personally, I can reach no other conclusion than to say he must  have intended to conceal them and hide them from us as committee  members.   The Attorney General, who is the most important law enforcement  official in our country, must be held to an even higher standard. The  sudden disclosure that he met repeatedly with the Russian Ambassador  after denying under oath any such contact, gives us all the more  reason--indeed compelling evidence--that a special counsel is  necessary, and necessary now, to investigate Russian ties and contacts  with the Trump campaign.   I have called for such a special counsel or prosecutor for weeks now  and led a letter with more than 10 of my colleagues asking that  Attorney General Sessions designate such a special prosecutor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak 2  more minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?    I will end my remarks within a minute.  [[Page S1563]]    In short, over the past weeks, I have called repeatedly for a special  counsel. My view is that now-Attorney General Sessions must be brought  back before the Judiciary Committee and provide an explanation. The  lack of a credible explanation makes his resignation necessary, and his  denial of contacts raises serious and troubling questions about the  process that led to his confirmation. Absent swift action by a special  counsel, evidence of this troubling conduct will be at high risk of  concealment by the very agency, the Department of Justice, entrusted by  the American people to seek and uncover the truth. An impartial,  objective, comprehensive, and thorough investigation by a special  prosecutor is unquestionably necessary now, and I hope we will have  bipartisan support for it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alaska.   