 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R.  23.   This amendment updates a small portion of the Water Infrastructure  Improvements for the Nation Act, or the WIIN Act, to protect endangered  species and assess water storage opportunities.   First, it sets a reasonable timeframe for the completion of expanded  water storage opportunities at the New Melones Reservoir. These  opportunities can increase available storage for conservation,  transfers, and rescheduled water projects to allow for maximum storage  within the reservoir. Conservative estimates of increased water storage  have been at 100,000 acre-feet, which will provide water for over  400,000 people for a year.   With such a precious resource, we must ensure our water storage  capacity is being used responsibly. This timeline of 7 years is  consistent with other provisions of the WIIN Act, and will ensure the  study will be completed so we can make best use of our water storage  capacity.   Additionally, this amendment helps protect our threatened and  endangered species.   In Western States, water users can buy and sell water rights. This  provision prevents individuals from using funding set aside for species  conservation to buy water rights and sell them back to the government.   Funding in section 4010(b) of the WIIN Act was allocated to benefit  endangered species populations through habitat restoration, improved  monitoring, and conservation fish hatcheries. This policy has been in  effect for the Central Valley Project Improvement Act for over a decade  and needs to be applied to this section as well. This ensures funding  will be used for its intended purposes to help endangered species, not  to buy and resell water rights.   Finally, this amendment extends a program to protect native fish in  the Stanislaus River for 2 years. This program allows for the taking of  invasive species that prey on native salmon and steelhead in the  Stanislaus River. It was originally authorized for 5 years. However,  since the spawn cycle for these salmon is 3 years, it needs to be  extended to ensure two full salmon cohort cycles can be observed.   In conclusion, this amendment protects native and endangered species,  and ensures we are making the most of water storage capacity at the New  Melones Reservoir.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   