 Madam President, we are quickly approaching the end of  this year, and I think it is a good time to reflect on what has been  done this year. Certainly, the Senate and the Trump administration have  been able to do a number of things that are really going to have a  significant impact on hard-working families.   Yesterday, we sent the most significant tax reform legislation in  more than three decades to the President's desk, and we had a chance to  hear the President and others respond to that. The President, at the  end of that ceremony at the White House, turned to the Congress and  said: ``This is the work that you have done.'' I think the Members of  Congress appreciated that. That showed a President who is constantly  learning and constantly understanding how important relationships are  here.   I thought it was interesting that we heard Chairman Brady, the  chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, say that there are  three important dates about to occur for America's economy and  America's families. One is January 1, when the new tax bill goes into  effect, and as to the wages people are earning, people are going to be  allowed more of those wages to stay in their billfold rather than go to  the government's billfold. It doesn't stay very long in the  government's billfold; that is for sure. January 1 is important. As for  February 1, by then, that is the time by which we hope all of the new  information is out to employers, and people are going to see in their  February check more money than they saw in that same-sized check this  year going home with them. This is about who is a better person to  spend your money--you or the government. It is also about a debate  about whether the government is better off with higher taxes or more  taxpayers and, of course, it is better off with more taxpayers.   Chairman Brady said that the other date is April 15, because that is  the last time in the foreseeable future that families are going to have  to deal with a Tax Code that they don't understand, that they believe  to be unfair, that they believe does not treat everybody equitably in  how that Tax Code is applied. Many of the special provisions are going  to be out of the Tax Code. Next April 15, probably 9 out of 10  taxpayers would have filled out an income tax form on a card about this  big and, for 9 out of 10 taxpayers, they are going to look at double  the personal exemption from this year--that is $24,000, if you are a  married couple, that you just subtract immediately from your income-- and double the child tax credit, up to $2,000. Somebody said to me just  yesterday: You mean my son with his three children is going to be able  to take $6,000 off of whatever their tax bill would be at the bottom of  that form, and the answer is yes. If they didn't have a tax bill,  at the bottom of that form that totals $6,000, those families get a  credit that allows them to take money for other taxes they have paid  and take that home with them.    So this is after a decade of historically low growth, a decade that  defies virtually the entire history of the country going back to 1789,  where 3 percent growth has been the normal growth. Less than 2 percent  growth has been the normal growth for 9 of the last 10 years. The 1  year that is going to be an exception is this year. It looks like we  are going to get close to and maybe even exceed 3 percent and get back  to where the economy should be growing. I think with the new tax bill,  we may exceed that and most of people's concerns about a lot of the  things in this bill will go away when the economy starts growing again.   Buying power is almost 3 percent lower this year than it was in the  1990s. Now, their wages may have gone up between now and the 1990s, but  prices have gone up more, and it is time to get our economy growing  again and let families have more of the money they have earned to spend  on their family. If you are a family of four earning about $73,000 this  year and $73,000 next year, next year, your tax is going to be $2,000  less than it is this year. If you are a single parent with one child  earning $41,000, next year your tax will be $1,300 less than it is this  year.   Now, some will say--as a matter of fact, I have heard it on the floor  of the Senate--a few hundred dollars a month will not matter. Well, now  that is clearly somebody who doesn't know how much a few hundred  dollars a month or a few hundred dollars a year does matter.   This bill will give us ways to compete that we don't have now. The  bill also will provide Missouri families and other families more jobs  and more opportunities because we are going to be more competitive. We  will have moved our corporate tax rate. It will not be the lowest in  the world, but it will no longer be the highest in the world. It will  be in the very middle. Twenty-one percent is right in the middle of the  countries we compete with. At the time that 35 percent was our rate in  1986, it was the middle, too, but every other country that we compete  with has figured out that that gives you a competitive disadvantage,  and they have all lowered their taxes as our corporate tax stayed the  same. We are restoring our competitive position. We are hoping and  actually going to go ahead and tax the money that is trapped overseas,  whether it comes back or not. So I think it is safe to assume that  somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 trillion will come back into our  economy.   There is more U.S. money overseas that would like to come home--but  wasn't going to come home if we took 35 percent out of it--than at any  time before. There is more U.S. capital in this country on the  sidelines than at any time before. You put that money into the economy,  and you put that 2 trillion or so dollars into the economy. You make us  the best, safest, and most predictable place in the world to invest  money. Foreign investment in our economy--not in their economy but in  our economy--will increase, and it is time for that to happen.   This Tax Code will increase take-home pay immediately, and it will  make us more competitive, and we will have jobs that pay more in the  future.   The rolling back of redtape is one of the reasons that the economy in  our country is already growing faster than it has in a decade. People  saw the regulatory overreach. Most importantly, President Trump saw the  regulatory overreach. The House and the Senate saw the regulatory  overreach. We were able to block 15 regulations before they went into  effect. Other regulations, like the totally ridiculous power rule that  was proposed, which in my State would have doubled the utility bill in  less than 12 years, is not going to happen now. The waters of the  United States, which would have suddenly put the EPA in charge of  anything involving water, is not going to happen now. The $52 million  increase in just the cost of getting something where you could start,  which was the anticipated cost of the waters of the United States, is  not going to happen now.   Chairman Isakson of the Veterans' Affairs Committee was on the floor  earlier, talking about what we have done with his leadership for  veterans, and that list is long. The Veterans Choice Act continues to  give veterans more opportunity to get the care where they want it  rather than to be stuck in a system that didn't seem to always care  that much whether veterans got care or not. It was more about the  Veterans' Administration than the veterans, and competition and choice  is in the process of ending that with good leadership at the VA  administration and being sure that happens.   We were able to pass a bill that I sponsored, the HIRE Vets Act. It  is being implemented right now to recognize companies that hire vets,  that promote vets, and that give vets credit for the skills they  learned in the military. The Department of Labor has worked hard to put  that on fast-forward and get it done.   In the military, the Military Family Stability Act means that  families, for the first time, have the opportunity that they have  always hoped to have for the family to move a little earlier or stay a  little longer, if that works for education purposes or the spouse's  education or career purposes. This is a dramatic step, appreciating the  fact that the strength of the military is in military families. We  recruit, generally in the military, single adults, and we retire from  the military adults with spouses and children, and this looks at that.   There is a lot to talk about as we end this session. It is never  perfect, but that is why we come back for the next session. There are  going to be things  [[Page S8203]]  that could have been done better, but so many things have happened that  haven't happened in a generation. I know that I am eager to go home and  talk about those, as I was on the radio this morning and yesterday  morning doing that already. I know that my colleagues are too.   I yield the floor.   