 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for hosting  this Special Order on rural America.   I am a proud resident of a rural district in southern Illinois. If  you are from Illinois, you understand that the ``S'' is capitalized on  the word ``southern''; and that is because it is a unique area in  itself. It is nowhere near--and there are great people in the Chicago  area, but we are farther--well, actually the district starts just  across from St. Louis and goes south to where the Mississippi River and  the Ohio River come together. There are a lot of farming communities  there.   In my opinion, though, we don't talk enough about our rural  communities here on the House floor. So, I am really glad that we are  having that opportunity tonight.   In so many ways, you have to realize that our rural areas are the  backbone of this country. But if you listen to the media and the  advertisers and the Hollywood producers, you would think there wasn't  anything between the East Coast and the West Coast. But, let me tell  you, I am here today to say that there is.   Too many of these small communities are struggling, trying to get  through, and, quite often, are weighed down by things that we do here  in Washington. They want investment. They care about the growth of  their communities and they care about jobs.   But when the press talks about jobs, the same industries that come up  every time are the tech startups, the consulting firms, the real estate  companies, and the new restaurant chains. Those are all good, but one  group that doesn't get talked about enough is our farmers.   And let me tell you, that is not something new. It has happened over  many years. This Nation's farmers have planted and kept us fed for all  the years this great Nation has been in existence.   And I am going to tell you that Benjamin Franklin called farming the  only honest way to acquire wealth. Thomas Jefferson said our government  would remain virtuous as long as it remained chiefly agricultural.  Illinois' own Abraham Lincoln was born into farming and described  agriculture as a great calling.   In southern Illinois, beginning farmers tell me their cost of doing  business is climbing and their income is shrinking.   This is not the first time this has happened. I want to kind of  express a story that took place several years ago.   Right now, in the Agriculture Committee, we are working on the farm  bill. Well, the first farm bill came into existence because then- President Ronald Reagan began to hear from the farmers around this  Nation of the problems that they were facing and the concerns that they  had. And one in particular farmer, a man by the name of Herman Krone,  who lives in a little town called Du Quoin, Illinois, about 18 to 20  miles from my home, wrote a letter. Because back then you didn't send  emails and you didn't send texts. You actually wrote letters. He sent  it to the  [[Page H6286]]  President, not thinking that he would get a response, but he just  wanted to voice his concern of his son Rick, and was Rick going to stay  in the family business. Well, he really couldn't because of the high  risk of doing business in our agricultural communities.   Well, one night--as a matter of fact, it was a Sunday night, if I  remember correctly, because I heard this story from Herman himself  before he passed--the phone rang. Now, I understand it wasn't a cell  phone, like we have now. It was actually hardwired to the wall. The  phone rang, he reached over and picked it up, and someone asked: Is  this Herman Krone? Mr. Krone?   He said: Yes.   They said: Can you hold for the President?   Herman said: The president of what?   The man on the other end said: The President of the United States,  Mr. Ronald Reagan.   He said: Well, you are kidding me?   The man said: No, Mr. Krone. It really is.   Sure enough, the President himself called Herman.   He said: Herman, I read your letter, and I realize that you  understand what the problems are that the rural farmers are facing  today.   He said: I will tell you what I would like to do. I would like to  come to your farm. You bring a group of your agricultural people  together and I want to talk with them.   And, sure enough, the next month or so, President Ronald Reagan came.  The conversation he had, along with other conversations he had around  this United States, led to the first farm bill.   We are working on that farm bill right now. But farming and ranching  operations are getting squeezed, due to low commodity prices, just like  they were then. And the need for increased credit, in order to expand  the diversity, has to be done.   Small family-owned businesses are most affected. We hear about  corporate farming, but the fact is, 97 percent of American farms are  family-owned farms.   That is why one of the bills that I have introduced is known as the  BALE Act, which is to modernize the Guaranteed and Direct Loan program  at the USDA to better reflect the costs of farming because times have  changed. It is our job here in this House to remember that we are  dealing with those rural areas and the farmers that are in them.    Now, this will help the next generation of producers make their mark  on the industry. As Republicans and Democrats, we need to work together  on more ideas like this one. We need to keep focused on the heartland  because these are the red-blooded Americans who love their country and  deserve a voice.   By addressing the needs of hardworking families who are too often  forgotten, we can strengthen these communities for generations to come.  It really is all about the next generation.   Each one of us in this House hopes and prays that this Nation holds  and grows, and the next generation has to come up. We need that  generation of farmers to make sure that they stay on the farm.   