 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the effort by  my Republican colleagues to gut critical consumer privacy protections.  Last week, the Senate voted 50 to 48 to allow internet service  providers such as Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T to freely collect, share,  and sell its customers' private information. Later today, the House  will vote on the same measure.   Let's be clear what we are talking about here. From web browsing  histories to app usage information, broadband providers have easy  access to a whole lot of Americans' personal information. Comcast knows  exactly what ails you when you visit WebMD's Symptom Checker or that  you have recently experienced a major life event when you are browsing  maternity clothes on target.com. They would like the ability to use or  sell this information to target advertising toward you, and they would  really like to use or sell this information without first having to ask  your permission.   Now, for me, the interests of consumers in Minnesota, Texas, and  across our country have always come before those of big corporations.  That is why I have long championed an internet that is open,  accessible, and protects Americans' fundamental rights to privacy. For  most Americans, I don't think those are controversial ideas.   For example, I suggest that most if not all of us in the Senate  believe in the importance of ensuring that Americans have access to  affordable high-speed internet. It is one of those great issues on  which Members on both sides of the aisle can agree. See, we all know  that Americans' cable and broadband bills are too high. The Consumer  Federation of America recently reported that the average American  household spends about $2,700 a year for phone, TV, and Internet  services. That is why it is so disappointing that instead of acting to  make broadband more affordable and more accessible for Americans, my  Republican colleagues have actually paved the way for multibillion- dollar companies to make even more money off of their consumers by  monetizing some of the most intimate details of their lives. Make no  mistake about it, this is purely and simply a corporate handout at the  expense of Americans' privacy.   When the FCC voted to pass the broadband privacy rules, the broadband  industry was quick to oppose and oppose loudly. In recent months,  internet service providers have used their vast resources to lobby the  FCC and my fellow lawmakers. If House Republicans heed their call, as  my colleagues in the Senate have done, companies like Comcast, Verizon,  and AT&T will be free to sell their customers' personal information to  the highest bidder, and importantly, they will do so without the  oversight or regulation of either the Federal Communications Commission  or the Federal Trade Commission.   For my part, I have long held that Americans have a fundamental right  to privacy. We deserve both transparency and accountability from  companies that have the capacity to trade on their private information.  Should some people choose to leave their personal information in the  hands of those companies, they certainly deserve to know that their  information is being safeguarded to the greatest degree possible. I am  going to keep fighting on behalf of consumers in Minnesota and across  the country to secure these rights because I work for them and not the  broadband industry.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   