 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is a Chinese curse that reads:  ``May you live in interesting times.''   To call the times that we find ourselves in right now ``interesting''  would be certainly an understatement. The fact is, we find ourselves  and our country in a moment that is profoundly testing the rule of law  here in America, profoundly testing the strength of our democratic  institutions. We have a President who has now engaged in a pattern of  removing individuals from office who are executing their  responsibilities under the law.   First, on January 30, just 11 days into the Trump administration, it  was Sally Yates, the Acting Attorney General, who warned the  administration that Michael Flynn had been compromised by his  connections to Russia--an incredibly responsible act for her to take,  but she was fired.   On March 10, it was Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney in New York, who  was reportedly investigating whether Secretary Price had profited from  his position in Congress. He had been told he would be retained by this  administration when suddenly he was fired.   Then this week, Tuesday, the President fired James Comey, the  Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; James Comey, who was  leading the FBI's investigation into the possible collusion between the  Trump campaign and Russia in the Presidential election and who was  scheduled to testify before the U.S. Senate this week; James Comey; who  had just recently asked for more funding and resources in order to  appropriately and substantially investigate Russian interference in our  elections and possible connections to the Trump campaign; James Comey,  whose investigation just handed down its first round of subpoenas.    The firing of James Comey has more than a passing resemblance to  Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre, the infamous incident in October of  1973, when President Nixon ordered the Attorney General to fire the  special prosecutor who was investigating Watergate. Nixon wanted to  derail that investigation. The Attorney General, Elliott Richardson,  refused to do so and resigned. His deputy, William Ruckelshaus, refused  to do so and resigned.   Day by day, we have seen more connections, bits and pieces, come to  light--conversations involving Michael Flynn, former campaign manager  Paul Manafort, Carter Page, and Attorney General Sessions.   The President insists there is no ``there'' there, but we have seen a  pattern of conversations that we don't fully understand. Was there  coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians to interfere  in the U.S. Presidential election? Was there collaboration? We don't  know. We know there were a lot of conversations, but what was the  substance of those conversations? And who instructed those meetings to  take place? What is the full pattern of these events?   It is important that we get to the bottom of it because what every  American understands is, if you conspire  [[Page S2903]]  with a foreign government to undermine the integrity of the American  elections, you are conspiring to undermine the integrity of the  American Government itself; that this is a terrible assault, a terrible  crime against our country.   The President's team says this firing of Director Comey had nothing  to do with the Russia investigation. They did so through a series of  documents, including a letter from Attorney General Jeff Sessions to  the President, a memo to Jeff Sessions from Rod Rosenstein, and the  President writing a letter to James Comey saying you are fired. So the  memo from Rosenstein to the AG, the AG's letter to the President, the  President's letter saying you are fired, and all of this claiming the  basis of the investigation was because they were dissatisfied with the  way James Comey had treated Secretary Clinton.   Now, that doesn't really fit with the history we are familiar with.  The President told audiences at a campaign rally in October: ``I tell  you what, what he did, he brought back his reputation.''   He is referring to James Comey.   ``He brought it back.''   And then when the President talked to ``60 Minutes,'' he said: ``I  respect him a lot,'' when he was asked about Director Comey in the  context of the actions he had taken in regard to Secretary Hillary  Clinton.   We remember the chants at his rallies: ``Lock her up.''   I don't think there is a single American--not a single Member of this  body of 100 Senators--who believes for a moment--not for a  microsecond--that the reasoning in this memo from the Deputy AG to the  AG and the letter from the AG to the President and the President's memo  to James Comey, that the arguments made here were the basis of his  firing.   If you believe the President woke up and said: I am so concerned  about the way James Comey treated Hillary Clinton that he just has to  be dismissed, then I have some oceanfront property in Arizona I would  be happy to sell you.   We know from the reporting of the last few days that there is quite  another story--an accurate story--about why the President fired James  Comey. We now know the President had become increasingly frustrated  with Director Comey because he wouldn't go along with the story line  the President wanted. The President wanted him to support his claim  that the Obama administration had wiretapped Trump Tower, but Director  Comey, caring about the integrity of his team at the FBI and the  office, refused to do so. In fact, he clarified that there is  absolutely no information that corroborates the President's claim that  Trump Tower had been wiretapped by President Obama.   We know the President was frustrated that the Director was doing his  job to explore--that is, to investigate--Russia's actions in our  campaign, in our Presidential campaign, and that he was frustrated that  there was looking into potential ties between his campaign and the  Russians. He didn't like a lot about the fact that Director Comey was  asking for more resources to be able to do a thorough investigation.   Well, we know the result.   According to a report in the Washington Post this morning, President  Trump made his final decision to fire the Director last weekend while  he was golfing on his property in New Jersey. He then tasked the AG and  the Deputy Attorney General to come up with a cover story.   This is an astonishing chain of events. What we have here is the  President making a decision based on the appropriate efforts of the FBI  to investigate a potential crime against the United States of America.  What we have here is a President determining he wanted to derail that  investigation, and he went to the AG and the Deputy AG to say: Help me  do this. Help me derail this investigation. Give me a cover story I can  sell to the American public. And Attorney General Sessions complied and  Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein complied.   Now, that is quite different than what happened in the Saturday Night  Massacre. In the Saturday Night Massacre, when the President said to  the Attorney General: Get rid of that special prosecutor so I can  derail the investigation, the Attorney General stood up and said: No  way, and resigned--the Deputy Attorney General resigned, but that is  not what we have here. We have now our AG agreeing to develop a cover  story for the President.   Now, this memo from Attorney General Sessions reads as follows: ``As  Attorney General, I am committed to a high level of discipline,  integrity, and the rule of law to the Department of Justice.''   Let me ask this question, Where is the integrity in collaborating in  a false story in order to derail an investigation, an important  investigation to the very heart of the integrity of our system of  government? Where, I ask the Attorney General, is the integrity in  developing a cover story--a false story to cover up the action of  derailing an investigation. That is the opposite of integrity.   To the Deputy, who also agreed to conspire in this deception of the  American public, where is your integrity? Where was your commitment to  justice?   So here we have events that are deeply disturbing not only in terms  of the President's decision to falsely mislead the American public but  also to the Attorney General's decision to collaborate in that and the  Deputy Attorney General's decision to support it. How is this not  obstruction of justice?   If anyone here thinks for a moment that the President is going to  nominate a new head of the FBI and ask that individual to conduct a  robust investigation of Russia's entanglement in the U.S. elections, I  have another thought for you: It is not going to happen. The President  has deliberately, intentionally derailed this investigation, and the  Justice Department has no intention of making it go forward again.   We need to hear from these top officials. We need to have these  officials come to the U.S. Senate, to a committee of the whole, to tell  us their story and answer these questions about what they have just  done to violate the integrity of the Department of Justice.   We need to have a special prosecutor. We know the head of the FBI,  when we have one again, is not going to be able to conduct a robust  investigation. Therefore, we need a special prosecutor to get to the  bottom of this. The American people deserve no less. The restoration of  integrity of the U.S. Government deserves no less.   Lady Justice carries scales in her hands, and where is the blindfold?  The whole point is that no one in America is above the law, no one--not  Presidents or Vice Presidents, not AGs or Deputy AGs. Lady Justice is  all about getting the facts, following the facts where they go, holding  individuals accountable, when we get those facts, when we get that  information.   That is what we need to do now. We need to get to the bottom of this.  We need to have that special prosecutor. We need to make sure that if  anyone did conspire with the Russians, they are held to the full  account of the law because conspiring with a foreign country to  undermine the integrity of U.S. elections is treasonous conduct. This  is not a traffic ticket. This is a question of treasonous--conspiring  with a foreign government, undermining the U.S. Presidential election.   I am deeply disturbed about this turn of events. I am deeply  disturbed about the information we have. We need to get the full, full  story, the complete story, and make sure justice is served.   Thank you, Mr. President.   