 Mr. President, for years, I have been working to make  sure that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has  reliable tools to forecast hurricanes. Today the Senate will come  together on legislation to get us closer to that goal. In May 2016,  just before the start of hurricane season, the Commerce Committee held  a hearing on preparedness. At that hearing, I asked the then-Director  of the National Hurricane Center, Dr. Rick Knabb, about the fact that  NOAA has two P3 propeller aircraft that fly into the storm, but only  the one Gulfstream jet that can fly high enough and long enough to get  above the storm. Flying above the storm is critical because the  scientists drop sondes out of the belly of the aircraft that fall  through the storm sending measurements of the entire vertical profile.  This is vital to telling us where the storm is headed and whether it is  weakening or strengthening.   Having only one Gulfstream is a single point of failure because, if  the plane is out of commission, we do not have a backup ready to go.  Unfortunately, my fears were realized a few short months later. During  a Hurricane Hermine reconnaissance mission, NOAA had to ground the  Gulfstream for emergency corrosion repairs. Luckily, a plane owned by  the National Science Foundation and the University Corporation for  Atmospheric Research was not on a mission at the time and was able to  fill in for the NOAA Gulfstream, but you can imagine that this will not  always be the case. While the hurricane season seems to be getting  longer, the NOAA plane is getting older. We must have a reliable  backup. So, in January, I filed S. 153, legislation to require NOAA to  acquire sufficient backup capability for our hurricane hunter aircraft.  I am pleased today that the Senate will unanimously pass this measure  as part of a broader weather bill.   I take comfort that even in times of great divisiveness, the Senate  can come together on matters of public  [[Page S2116]]  safety. The power of Mother Nature must be taken seriously. Consider  the flooding in California or the devastating tornadoes that hit  Louisiana, Georgia, and Florida early this year. In 2016, Hurricane  Matthew took 46 lives in the United States alone. In addition to  requiring backup capability for the hurricane hunters, the broader bill  we will pass tonight, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation  Act, will improve NOAA s ability to understand, predict, and--most  importantly--to warn people about all kinds of weather events that  dramatically affect the economy and people's daily lives. It also  includes a reauthorization of the Tsunami Warning, Education, and  Research Act. These provisions will give NOAA the tools to protect life  and property and to support continued economic growth. It is my hope  that the House follows suit.   