 Mr. President, today, the Senate passed the Food and Drug  Administration Reauthorization Act of 2017, FDARA, to reauthorize user  fees and other programs at the FDA to ensure that new, safe, and  effective treatments get to patients in need as quickly as possible to  save lives and greatly increase quality of life. While I have long  preferred that Congress appropriate funding to the FDA for this purpose  to avoid any conflicts of interest, I have supported user fee bills and  will do so again today, as it represents a bipartisan pathway for  timely drug approvals. I am pleased that this legislation increases the  amount of funding that drug and device companies will contribute to the  approval process. However, I am disappointed that this legislation does  not address drug pricing in a comprehensive way, as I have long  advocated. I will continue to work with my colleagues to press for  Senate action on this critical issue.   FDARA includes a number of key provisions I worked on to improve the  pipeline for new pediatric drugs and devices. In particular, this  legislation will reauthorize funding for critical pediatric programs  such as pediatric clinical trials at the National Institutes of Health  and the Pediatric Device Consortia grants under the FDA. In addition,  this legislation will spur more pediatric drug development because of  critical reforms to require drug companies to begin consideration of  pediatric studies earlier in the drug development process. FDARA also  takes important steps to spur drug development for and better  consideration of the needs of neonates, recognizing that treatments for  infants must be considered differently than for teenagers.   Having worked for many years to improve access to care for children  with cancer and childhood cancer survivors, I am also pleased to  support the bill's new requirements for more pediatric studies on  treatments for cancer. These provisions are designed to spur new and  better treatments for children suffering from cancer. However, I  believe that we should be making these changes to support new  treatments for all diseases impacting children, not just those with  cancer. While we were unable to go that far in this bill, we were able  to add a study of this issue. I look forward to seeing the results and  working with my colleagues to expand these requirements in subsequent  legislation. I am also concerned that this legislation does nothing to  limit the ability of drug companies to benefit from exemptions from  current pediatric study requirements. I filed an amendment to FDARA to  close the most egregious of these loopholes in which a drug company can  technically be exempted from pediatric study requirements because the  treatment would only be used for a rare pediatric condition. I would  hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle could agree that  this loophole must be closed.   FDARA is an important step forward and an example of strong  bipartisan health legislation in this Congress. I hope that we can  continue this work, and not return to the partisan efforts to repeal  the Affordable Care Act that occupied this body for much of the year.   