 Mr. Chair, prior to 2010, banks lending to consumers  operated with too little oversight and often exploited the lack of  rules to turn a profit at any cost. We saw the dire consequences in the  2008 financial crisis. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was  created to enforce laws and protect consumers in the marketplace. Their  mission is to root out deceptive and abusive practices. And so far, the  agency has returned $11.8 billion to consumers from enforcement against  abusive practices from banks, lenders, and financial companies.   I challenge any member of this body to go to one of their  constituents and ask whether or not they would like a consumer watchdog  to stand up for them against abuses from big banks, or if they'd like  us to leave them to go it alone.   The CFPB has already returned $11.8 billion to more than 29 million  consumers. That is $11.8 billion dollars that went back into the  pockets of 29 million of our constituents. A vote for this legislation  is a vote against those 29 million consumers who have been helped by  the CFPB's actions.   In my home state of New Jersey, one resident held a mortgage with  Citibank, who failed to report accurately the status of a closed  account and incorrectly reported it as late. A complaint was submitted  to the CFPB and when they intervened, the issue was resolved and the  late mark removed.   Stories like these are not uncommon. Decisions like these can impact  a consumer's credit for life and cause tremendous distress. Before the  CFPB, consumers facing deceptive practices could go ignored by mega- banks and lending institutions. But when a government agency with  enforcement powers gets involved, these banks pay attention. They can't  ignore the CFPB.   When the cards are stacked against the everyday consumer, the need  for the CFPB is a no-brainer.   The New York Times this morning reported that the President's pick to  oversee the nation's largest banks, Joseph Otting, formerly ran  OneWest, which has been criticized for ``robo-signing'' foreclosure  documents in the wake of the financial crisis. If Mr. Otting didn't  protect consumers when he ran a mortgage lender, why would he protect  them as Comptroller of the Currency?   Especially in this Administration, we need an independent consumer  watchdog that can act without the influence of politics on behalf of  consumers. Some would choose to erode this bulwark of protection  against the big banks but it is needed now more than ever. Mr. Chair,  this vote is a clear marker of who you stand with: I stand on the side  of my constituents in urging a no vote.   