 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from the State of  Oregon (Ms. Bonamici) for the brief opportunity to speak.   I did want to speak personally just briefly on my experience in my  previous job in the California legislature when I voted for the Secure  Choice Act. Then we spent over 4 years working with the business  community, the investment community, and our attorneys to make sure the  issues that the majority have brought up in regards to ERISA and other  concerns, and I did this specifically as a former small-business person  with the small-business stakeholders, to make sure these concerns were  taken care of. We think that they have been taken care of, and we are  proud of the Secure Choice Act.   Close to 7 million Californians and 55 million people nationwide,  most of them low- and middle-income, don't have access to retirement  benefits through their employer. We are talking about people mostly who  work for small businesses where neither the employer nor the employee  can afford to enroll in expensive Wall Street-type financial advisers.  They aren't able to pay the fees and the expenses.   This element of the U.S. economy, and at this point I have to agree  with The New York Times editorial today, that this resolution appears  to be more directed towards Wall Street than to Main Street. Wall  Street, the financial sector, takes around 25 percent of all corporate  profits in the United States, represents 7 percent of the U.S. economy,  and creates merely 4 percent of all jobs.   The Secure Choice Act was directed away from those expensive  investments and allowed for a more efficient process for working class  Californians and Americans to be able to replicate this program and to  be able to have a secure retirement.   The majority often talks about states' rights and having States be  the laboratories of creation. I think in California we have done that  on multiple issues, and certainly on this issue.   Without programs like this, most of the 55 million private sector  Americans will end up relying on social security for more than half of  their retirement income, which averages about less than $1,400 a month.   California and seven other States that have created similar  retirement programs are looking out for working families. American  workers are doing more today than they ever have before. Over the last  40 years, worker productivity has risen 73 percent, yet hourly pay has  only increased 11 percent. Now they find their retirement more and more  in jeopardy.   I would ask the majority to strongly reconsider this approach, and to  work with California and other States to make sure that we can allow  these Americans to have access to a secure retirement.   