 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Minnesota for  her wonderful remarks and for her wonderful comments about those people  who go down into the mines every day.   I acknowledge the permanent healthcare fix we have for our miners and  their families that was included in the fiscal year 2017 appropriations  legislation. This was a promise made by Harry Truman. It was a promise  that was our obligation to keep, and the keeper of the flame for making  sure it got done was my colleague, Senator Joe Manchin from West  Virginia.   As he knows, my State, the State of Indiana, the Hoosier State, has  thousands of miners as well. They go to work in the dark, and they come  home in the dark. They work in grueling conditions and have done so for  decades. Part of it was the promise that was made to them that they and  their family would have healthcare, a promise made by Harry Truman that  is our obligation to keep. When the lights were starting to flicker and  it was getting dimmer on this promise that it would ever be kept, we  fought for years. Joe Manchin led the fight, led the crew, and we got  this done.    It is a good example of what Congress can do when we work in a  bipartisan manner. I thank all of my colleagues on both sides for being  part of this. Many people worked hard to secure the passage of this  fix. Part of it was an amazing group of folks who came to visit us on a  constant basis, our friends from back home, the miners from Virginia  and from West Virginia and from Indiana and from Ohio and from all  around this country who--if you remember, my colleague Joe Manchin was  there that hot day this summer when it was 100 degrees outside.   All of these retired miners--many in their seventies, eighties, some  in their nineties--were here on one of the hottest days of the year.  Under extraordinarily difficult conditions, they stayed and sat in the  Sun and in the heat because, they said: We are here for our brothers  and sisters. They said: We know you are here for us too.   Our leader was Joe Manchin. He lived this every single day, every  single conversation that we had. We were in it together. We told our  miners: We will never stop until we get this done, and we have the  permanent healthcare fix done. It was a wonderful team to work with,  but there is no question that the captain of our team was a fellow from  West Virginia.   To my colleague Joe Manchin, we are so proud of you and so proud of  you for keeping us moving forward.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.   