 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 79, the Helping  Angels Lead Our Startups or the HALOS Act.   I was proud to have introduced this bill with Representative Chabot  during the 113th Congress and have been pleased to see this commonsense  legislation continue to gain bipartisan support. I want to thank  Representatives Chabot and Sinema for continuing to advocate for this  important legislation.   Small businesses and startup companies are tremendous assets and  sources of economic growth for our country. Economists have shown that  when the economy is healthy, startups and young, fast-growing firms are  the fundamental drivers of job creation. But to succeed, innovative  entrepreneurs with ideas need access to capital. These investments give  new companies the resources to take their idea from concept to startup  to success.   Congress should support this process and pass legislation that makes  it easier for accredited investors to find creative, aspiring  entrepreneurs. Unfortunately, certain legislation has had the  unintended consequence of often making it more difficult for  entrepreneurs and inventors to meet investors and access critical  investment capital.   The JOBS Act of 2012 has placed additional restrictions on  individuals who want to invest in startups. This has adversely affected  programs where young companies demonstrate their products and meet  potential investors and mentors, and the legislation has curtailed  startups' access to individual or angel investors and angel groups.   During my more than two decades of business experience, I saw  firsthand how angel investors often provide more than just funding for  young companies. They offer wisdom, advice, and guidance as small  businesses seek to grow. The HALOS Act would reopen the path for  innovative individuals and young companies to more easily connect with  angel investors, while still maintaining important investor  protections.   This bill will help small businesses better access the resources they  need to thrive and ultimately create jobs, ensuring the United States  remains the best place in the world to start and grow a new business.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important  legislation.   