 Madam Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania, Congressman Evans, for hosting tonight's Special Order  Hour on rooting out racism in the United States. He has a long history  of legislative accomplishments back in the Keystone State and has  brought his understanding and talents here to the House of  Representatives, and we appreciate him being a Member of this body.   Before I begin, I also want to let the Americans in Puerto Rico and  the Virgin Islands know that we stand with them as they rebuild.   Madam Speaker, the First Amendment of the United States Constitution  guarantees to all people in this country the freedom to speak out  against injustice. When Colin Kaepernick took a knee during the  National Anthem last year, he joined a long list of patriotic athletes  who used their fame to do just that.    Muhammad Ali was convicted of draft dodging because he refused to  drop bombs and bullets on Brown people in Vietnam while the so-called  Negro people in Louisville, Kentucky, were treated like dogs.   Jackie Robinson, the great Baseball Hall of Famer who integrated  baseball, admitted in 1972 that he no longer could stand and sing the  National Anthem.   The First Amendment to the United States Constitution endows all of  us with the freedom of speech, the freedom to speak out our own truths.  Muhammad Ali would not fight an unjust war; Jackie Robinson would not  salute a flag that he believed symbolized his oppression; and Colin  Kaepernick took a knee to bring America's attention to the fact that  Black Americans are twice as likely as White Americans to be killed by  police officers, to bring attention to the fact that 1 in every 10  Black men in his thirties is in prison or in jail on any given day, to  bring attention to the statistic that tells us Black people are twice  as likely as White people to be in poverty in the wealthiest country on  Earth.   It is easy to keep quiet, to do nothing in the face of injustice. But  just like the muscles in our bodies, our Constitution will wither if we  do not exercise our rights. To speak out against injustice is to  exercise the constitutional right of free speech. What is more  patriotic than exercising the rights our Nation stands for?   When the President uses his right of free speech in an attempt to  silence athletes, he is undermining the freedom for which patriotic  Americans have fought during our 241-year history. When the President  calls for men and women to be fired from their jobs because they dare  use their public platform to combat injustice, he fuels the viciousness  he claims that he wants to despise. As Langston Hughes put it: ``Let  America be America again--The land that has never been yet--And yet  must be--the land where every man is free.''   Madam Speaker, I talk about the Constitution because it talks about  all people. There are times where I have been disappointed and let down  by this Nation not holding up its creed because, you see, I believe in  America, but I am waiting for that day when all men are created equal.  I am still waiting for that day.   We are here tonight to bring attention to this matter. We are  exercising our right to free speech, the right that has been given  every American in this country, supposedly. But if the President of the  United States can stand up somewhere in this country and call a section  of this country, a certain people in this country, SOBs, then what does  that say about where we are? This is the leader of the United States of  America, the land of the free, the home of the brave. But is it that  for everyone?   We have a ways to go in this country. Yes, we have come a long way,  and some people will say: Well, you know, why are you still talking  about those old issues? And, you know, things are different now and  better for you. And, look, come on, get over it.   And then we see what we have seen over the last several years with  African Americans constantly getting shot and there being no  ramifications. It tears at your heart, Madam Speaker, to understand  why, why, in the greatest nation on the face of the Earth, we still  have these situations of such inequity.   So we will continue to raise the issue until one day this country can  live up to its creed that all men and women are created equal and  endowed with certain inalienable rights.   With that, Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  yielding to me.   