 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Much of the same rhetoric we are hearing right now from the other  side of the aisle is similar to the same rhetoric we heard back in the  1840s, 1850s, and 1860s against the Irish when they came to America. We  heard it said about Italian Americans in the 1880s and 1890s.   We continue to hear the same type of rhetoric about African Americans  in our country in terms of the percentage of criminal activity that  takes place. What we have seen happen is the further incarceration and  enslavement of African Americans in our Nation today because of similar  rhetoric.   I want to make it very clear: ``Immigrant'' and ``criminal'' are not  synonyms. You make it out to be that way by the passage of this  legislation.   Talking about law enforcement, in New York City, James O'Neill, the  police commissioner, has said this law will make New York City less  safe than it is today.   I remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that 9/11  happened in my hometown, in my city. Since then, there have been no  major incidents of terrorism in New York City because they have been  able to collect information--much of it from the undocumented community  in our city--to prevent similar events from happening again. That is  why this bill is so egregious.   The first responsibility of the Federal Government is to protect its  citizens from foreign invasion, foreign attack, terrorist attacks. This  bill will withhold terrorism money from New York City. It will prevent  the city of New York from continuing to collect the information they  and other cities around this country need to protect their citizens, to  develop the trust that the community has to have in its police  department and the police department in its communities.   That is how law enforcement works, that is how they catch the  criminals, and that is how they help the Federal Government deport  criminals who have committed criminal offenses in a city like New York.   