 Mr. Chairman, cutting off funds to UNRWA would force it  to shut down. If UNRWA shuts down, they will not be able to operate,  and all of the services that it provides will fall to the predominant  power, which is Hamas. I don't think this is what the gentleman wants.   The fact of the matter is UNRWA, right now, provides education, food,  shelter, and a whole host of services in very dire conditions. Over the  last number of years, we have seen 90 percent of the tap waters not fit  for human consumption, rolling blackouts 20 to 22 hours a day, and  UNRWA, in this context, is making sure that necessities like education  and economic opportunity exist.   It would be counterproductive to cut off UNRWA because somebody is  going to have to help the refugees.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, all Americans deserve access to clean air.  We have a great deal of progress that we have made in making the air  cleaner and reducing pollution, but we should continue to learn from  the most recent science to continue to improve air quality. Instead,  this bill delays needed public health protections like the ozone  standard.   My amendment would strike language that delays the implementation of  the new ozone standards until the year 2026. We don't have until 2026  to protect our children's lungs. We don't have until that time to  protect our seniors who are most subject and vulnerable to respiratory  harm.   The consequences of this pollution are real and significant,  especially for ozone pollutants. Chronic exposure to ozone at the  ground level is dangerous. It increases the risk of hospital  admissions. In my district in Minnesota, we have a real epidemic of  respiratory injuries known as asthma. North Minneapolis is mostly a  low-income community of color and has the highest rates of poverty,  unemployment, and asthma.   Our children deserve better. Allowing the implementation of these  ozone standards will protect them.   I just want to say, Mr. Chairman, much is said on this House floor  about job-killing regulations. As a person who believes in the right of  a business to open up and make a profit, I also believe that business  must absorb the cost that they impose on society as well.   This rule says you can take all the money you can possibly make as  you expand and increase ground level ozone, but you don't ever have to  pay the costs of the externalities and the health costs you impose on  everybody else.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, administrative relief sounds like a  euphemism for ``you guys got to keep breathing this bad stuff.''   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. Lipinski).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to share with everybody  that over the past several weeks, Americans have seen this body try to  strip healthcare away from them. If there was a full repeal with no  replace, 32 million people would have been without any healthcare that  they had before, and many more would have been unprotected from  preexisting conditions. That, fortunately, was held off. But now here  we are again today with more attacks and assaults on people's health.   When will the Congress take people's health seriously? When will we  hold businesses accountable who emit toxins that cause the ozone layer  at the ground to increase and cause respiratory illnesses?   It is time for Congress to act responsibly in the public interest to  make sure that the health of all Americans is protected. The people  have the right to breathe. Let's go forward and eliminate and strip out  this language that delays the implementation of the new zone standards  until many years from now. Let's do it now.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   