 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment.   In recent years, we have seen a sharp increase in a practice called  sue and settle. This happens when a Federal agency accepts a lawsuit  from an outside advocacy organization and then, rather than defend  itself, proceeds to settle that lawsuit in a closed-door agreement,  with the end result being new and more costly regulations. If that  isn't bad enough, taxpayers are responsible for footing the legal bill  for the attorneys of the radical organizations who filed the suit.   My amendment is simple. It prevents American taxpayer dollars from  being used to pay the legal fees of outside advocacy groups for  settlements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the  Endangered Species Act. Litigants can still sue, but they will no  longer be financially rewarded by the taxpayers for their efforts. This  practice is an abuse of our regulatory process and must be stopped.   Nowhere are these settlements more costly in their outcomes than in  the environmental regulatory context. According to the Chamber of  Commerce, between January of 2013 and January of 2017, the EPA chose  not to defend itself in 77 of these lawsuits with outside environmental  advocacy groups. Overall, during the 8 years of the prior  administration, the EPA entered into 137 of these settlements. The  result of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of  millions--even billions--of dollars in compliance costs.   Further, as part of the agreements, agencies are often required to  reprioritize their agendas, allocating limited resources to the  priorities of these interest groups rather than priorities designated  by Congress or ones that have received public and stakeholder input.   The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal  Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This  is a simple and necessary step to rein in overregulation and bring  transparency back to the regulatory process.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Calvert).    Madam Chair, the sue-and-settle practice cuts  stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It  undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress.   By restricting the payment of legal fees, we protect taxpayer  dollars, reduce Federal spending, take away the incentive of these  environmental advocacy groups to sue the Federal Government, and  protect public input in the rulemaking process.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   