 I thank the chairman for yielding and for his leadership to  set aside for us to visit with the American people and talk about  empowering patients, not politicians.   For 6 years, we have witnessed the failed rollout of the ObamaCare  program. We didn't get to keep our plan that we liked, and we didn't  get to keep our doctor that we had such a good relationship with. We  have seen physicians leave the business. We have spent billions on  duplicative, unnecessary exchanges that are now failing across this  country. So I commend the Republican Study Committee, and I am proud to  be a part of this group to talk about how to bring relief to the  American people on the failed ObamaCare law.   I still hear from constituents--even now, 6 years later, from this  rolling evolution of ObamaCare--who have seen their coverage lost and  their increases in healthcare costs skyrocket. This healthcare  regulatory burden that we are talking about tonight has led to droves  of part-time jobs instead of full-time jobs and unaffordable group  plans for the people who were in a good small business group plan. This  regulatory burden is on top of what has been a 6-year to 8-year  crushing burden on business from many different agencies from the EPA  and beyond.   One constituent wrote my office after he was forced to accept an  insurance plan to meet the affordable healthcare law that cost him  $1,300 a month, Mr. Speaker, and he still has to meet two $2,500  deductibles before the insurance coverage kicks in. Now, that is  $20,600 a year. Mr. Speaker, I was a small businessman before I joined  Congress, and we had employees that made $20,600 a year in our small  business. So what is left for the family budget when you are going to  spend $20,000 for health care? That is typical now after the rollout of  ObamaCare for a family of four. This is in a place in our country where  healthcare costs $20- or $30,000 a year in out-of-pocket expenses?  Obviously, this system is broken.   Now, in Arkansas, unlike much of the country where people are  definitely seeing large, double-digit, or, in some cases, larger  increases in the ObamaCare premium, Arkansans, on the exchanges, are  seeing lower than those average increases. In my view, this is largely  because our Governor and our State legislature are working hard to make  the best out of a bad situation and fighting to pursue innovative  measures that work best for our small State.   The Arkansas Works program has helped to prevent skyrocketing  premiums on the exchanges, and the State is still subject, though, to  duplicative reviews by Federal and State agencies and costly and  burdensome regulations that have nothing to do with trying to lower the  cost of health care for Arkansans.   This week, Governor Hutchinson wrote the House leadership decrying  the individual and employer mandates and stressing the need for  healthcare reform that provides our States more flexibility--more  flexibility, Mr. Speaker--to design programs that fit the needs of  people in our State while increasing predictability and affordability.  Some of the points Governor Hutchinson made in his letter to our  leadership include calling for States having the option of receiving  Medicaid funds through a block grant enabling them to tailor the  program in the Medicaid population under health care in what fits  Arkansas, what Arkansans can afford. In fact, that is our Better Way  approach, Mr. Speaker, for the Medicaid population.    He calls for the elimination of the Federal health insurance  exchanges. We had exchanges before ObamaCare that can be operated by  States in the private sector without Federal interference. Governor  Hutchinson called for restricting the duplicative reviews of rate and  plan filings by CMS. They are already being done by our individual  State insurance regulators. Of course, the thing that drives up costs  not only for the Medicaid population, for people on the ObamaCare  exchanges, and for people out in the group health plans is the  essential health benefits requirement.   Governor Hutchinson says that this has driven up costs for everybody,  for government, for families, and that elimination of these  requirements would provide flexible options for insurance providers to  offer cheaper plans to younger and healthier individuals. That is key  to choice, Mr. Speaker.   In some counties, Arkansans now only have one insurance option. I  don't think one option is an option. There is no choice. This monopoly  or oligopoly pricing combined with the mandates are demonstrating the  unaffordability of the Affordable Care Act.   With the recent election, we now have a unique opportunity to  recognize these flaws of this one-size-fits-all, Big Government- mandated, top-down approach to health care, reverse course, and, again,  bring relief to the American people of this failed law put forth by the  Obama administration. Chairman Walker and the Republican Study  Committee have put together a comprehensive plan to repeal ObamaCare  and replace this failed law with conservative principles.   Mr. Speaker, Americans want change. We are asking that we design  those changes with patients in mind and that we, in fact, in this  group--Mr. Walker, I know you agree--we will read the bill before we  pass it.   So the RSC proposal and the Better Way framework outlined by Speaker  Ryan are going to bring relief, change, and opportunity that fit with  the principles that have guided the Republican Party and the Republican  outlook, the Republican Study Committee, which is  [[Page H377]]  we will bring competition and we will bring efforts to lower prices and  increase access for the American people.   With that, Mr. Walker, I commend you again.   