 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 452,  legislation to designate the United States Postal Service facility  located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the  Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office.   U.S. Army Specialist White grew up in Catawissa, Missouri, with his  parents, Jeff and Paula White, and his brothers, Michael and Kyle. He  graduated from Pacific High School in 2008, and enlisted in the Army in  October of 2009.   Specialist White served our country honorably as a member of the  First Battalion, 501st Airborne, Fourth Brigade Combat Team, 25th  Infantry Division, Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska, unit.   Specialist White deployed for Afghanistan in December 2011, and after  serving our country bravely, he gave his life for our country when an  IED detonated near his unit on April 3, 2012, roughly one week before  he was scheduled to return to the United States.   Specialist White was a highly decorated servicemember. His awards and  medals include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Army Good Conduct  Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with  Bronze Service Star, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army  [[Page H7898]]  Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, and the NATO Medal, among many  others.   As an avid sports fan, White shared my love of the St. Louis  Cardinals. He witnessed their 2011 World Series Championship win  shortly before his deployment and was planning to attend opening day in  2012. Specialist White was honored by the Cardinals, who invited his  family to raise the 2011 World Championship flag on opening day in his  memory.   Specialist White was an upstanding citizen and beloved by his family,  friends, and community. Hundreds of individuals lined the streets in  the pouring rain to honor his final journey home and memorial service.   We can never fully express our thanks to our military and their  families. Their service and sacrifice for this country goes beyond a  level of bravery most people have never seen. While the naming of this  post office is not nearly enough to honor Jeffery White, nor will it  heal the pain felt each day and every day by the family he left he  behind, it is my sincere hope each time the Whites and folks in the  Pacific community pass by this building they are reminded of how  grateful and how proud we are to call Specialist White one of our own.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Missouri delegation and Pacific community  for their support of this designation, and I ask every Member of the  House to join us in honoring our hometown hero, Jeffery L. White, Jr.   