 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, there are reports that we may be having a  vote next week, under reconciliation, dealing with the healthcare  system of this country. We know that colleagues have filed a new bill,  but it is basically the same bill we have seen in the past but this  time even more consequential to our healthcare system and the people of  this country.   I mention first the process because this bill has not gone through  any regular order. It has not been referred to a committee for  consideration. It has not been marked up or debated in our committees.  It is going to supposedly be  [[Page S5837]]  brought up as an amendment but with us returning to reconciliation.   Let me first explain what that means. That means there will be no  chance for us to offer amendments to the legislation. That means there  will be no opportunity in our committees to mark up legislation or to  get the cost of the legislation or the technical help to do any bill,  let alone a bill that affects a large part of our economy.   The Presiding Officer and I both serve on the Finance Committee,  which has jurisdiction over healthcare. We are not going to get the  opportunity to get the expertise and help from our staff to look at the  consequences of the Cassidy bill and have a chance to work on it to  make it work. Instead, what is going to happen if the game plan goes  forward is that this bill is likely to be on the floor next week during  budget reconciliation, where a simple majority will be able to pass it.  There will be no chance for debate on the floor because it is what is  known as a vote-arama, and it will affect one-sixth of our economy.  That is not the way we should be operating.   I am also told that it will be done without a Congressional Budget  Office score. That is unconscionable. We know from previous  Congressional Budget Office scores on the other proposals that have  been brought out that tens of millions of Americans would lose their  health insurance coverage. Premiums would increase by, in some cases,  20 to 25 percent. It was certainly information from our objective staff  that caused many of us to say: What are we doing? But at least we had  that information before we voted.   We are now being told that we may get a one-liner from the  Congressional Budget Office giving us the bottom-line impact on the  deficit but not the specific information as to how many millions of  Americans are going to lose their coverage and what is going to happen,  for those of us who currently have insurance, with our premium  increases.   This is not the way we should be proceeding. It retreats from the  progress we have made against the abusive practices of the insurance  industry.   Under the Cassidy bill, as I understand it, each State could  basically set up its own rules for how they wish to have coverage. The  entire Medicaid system of this country would be block-granted and would  be capped. So the Federal Government could be getting out of the  Medicaid business. The States would be given greater flexibility on how  to operate the exchanges in their State and would no longer be subject  to the same national requirements.   We all pride ourselves that we eliminated preexisting conditions.  But, in reality, if the State determines what benefits are going to be  covered and under what conditions, preexisting conditions come back.  That is something we should not ever allow to happen. Yet, under the  Cassidy bill, we are going to be telling people that we may not be  covering their mental health needs. We may not be covering the opioid  addiction problems. We may not be covering maternity benefits. We may  not be covering pediatric dental coverage.   We don't know what plans will be offered. Today we know that under  the Affordable Care Act we have the national protections so that  everyone is on a level playing field. So a State could design a plan  that would be totally unaffordable for people who need the coverage  because they isolate the group into such a small number. That is not  what we should be doing. That strategy would provide inadequate  coverage.   Let me explain what I mean. I have a young family that came to me and  told me about the circumstance of their child being born prematurely  with significant challenges. They said that, if that child had been  born before the Affordable Care Act, the parents' policy would have  reached their lifetime cap within the first year. Then, the family  would have had to make some horrendous decisions on how to take care of  their child. That is why we passed the protection against annual  lifetime caps. That could return again under the bill that could be  brought to the floor next week.   I know circumstances where families have been able to get preventive  healthcare and discover cancer at an early stage. That coverage wasn't  there before the Affordable Care Act. There is no guarantee that  coverage will be there afterwards.   We could return again to bankruptcies. Healthcare costs were the  leading cause of bankruptcy before we passed the Affordable Care Act.  Now we are going to say that because of inadequate coverage and lack of  coverage, American families are going to be faced with taking care of  their family, running up bills, and ultimately facing bankruptcy.   We are going to be affecting people's lives. Make no mistake about  it.   But the real tragedy of this proposal, and why it is so different  from some others, is that it is an abandonment by the Federal  Government of the Medicaid system. It would institute draconian cuts to  the Medicaid system, to the extent that it would cripple it and make it  ineffective. The States would be unable to respond.   It is interesting that we just got a letter from 10 Governors in our  country--five Democrats and five Republicans. All of these Governors  said: No, don't do this. We can't do what you are asking us to do. We  would have to make horrible decisions on whether we are going to  continue to provide long-term care to our seniors, whether we are going  to expand coverage, whether we are going to narrow benefits, whether we  are going to cover prescription drugs, or whether we are going to cut  providers who may not be able to treat Medicaid patients. These are  decisions the States are going to have to make if this bill ever  becomes law.   It affects so many. Some of the things that maybe are misunderstood  about the Medicaid system is that 1.75 million veterans are in the  Medicaid system. Quite frankly, their coverage has never been enough,  and the Medicaid system has helped fill the gap. That is going to cause  a problem for our veterans.   I will just give one example. We pride ourselves on federalism, and  federalism, to me, is very important. I served for several years in the  State legislature. I am the former speaker of the Maryland General  Assembly. I take pride in the fact that Maryland has been an innovator  in healthcare. They have been able to do that because of the  partnership between the Federal Government and the States. That is  federalism. It has worked.   If this bill were to become law--the Cassidy bill--it would prevent  the States from innovating. It is not giving them more flexibility if  you don't give them the resources and tools to deal with this because  you can't.   For example, in Maryland we have what is known as an all-payer rate  structure for hospital costs, regardless of who covers your insurance.  Whether you are Medicare, Medicaid, or private insurance, or you pay on  your own, you pay the same rate in my State for hospital care at the  same hospital. It is an all-payer structure. We don't have cost- shifting, and we don't have charity hospitals. Therefore, we have  hospitals that are located in all of our communities. It saves the  Federal Government money, it saves the State government money, and it  has proven to be more cost-effective. The State experimented and it  worked, and the Federal Government has partnered with us.   Can we continue that program if we get these draconian cuts in  Medicaid? The answer is no. Can we continue this program if we see the  uninsured rates go up in Maryland because of people losing their health  coverage under this bill? The answer is no. You can't do this if the  uninsured rates go from 6 percent to 12 percent to 15 percent of  uncompensated care in our hospitals. That is what is at risk with the  Cassidy bill.   To me, it really is also an affront to federalism in that you are  creating States versus States. I am in a State that did Medicaid  expansion. As the Cassidy bill has been scored, it will cost my State  $2.1 billion. I know that our legislature doesn't have that money. I  know the Governor doesn't have it. He just recently went to the  Maryland Board of Public Works and reduced the State budget because  they were running a deficit and they are not allowed to run a deficit.  They can't possibly cover the $2.1 billion.   Here is another tragedy of this bill. The tragedy is that some States  do much worse than other States. Why? Because Maryland expanded  Medicaid,  [[Page S5838]]  as did many other States and, therefore, we got more Federal funds  because we had more people in the program. That seems fair. We are  covering more people. But the Cassidy bill takes away from those States  that expanded coverage, and we lose more.   I thought this was the United States. I thought we were all in this  together. The people of Maryland are proud to help the people of Texas  or Florida because of the hurricane, and now you are coming back and  saying you are going to hurt the people in Maryland because we did the  right thing on Medicaid.   Is that what this country is all about? Is that the United States? Is  this body going to condone that type of discrimination against States?  I hope that is not the case.   So I hope, for many reasons, on substance and on process, that this  bill is not brought up. Let's return to regular order. I heard Senator  McCain say that so eloquently on the floor of the Senate.   For the last two weeks I have been working with my Republican and  Democratic colleagues to come up with bipartisan ways to improve our  healthcare system. We have made progress. We have some good ideas that  stabilize the individual marketplace and bring down the cost of  healthcare, working together. Guess what. If we succeed in regular  order and bipartisanship, we will not only do the right thing so people  have stronger protections, but we will also have policy that will stand  the test of time and give predictability to the healthcare system of  this country. That is what we should be doing, in the best tradition of  the Senate.   So I urge my colleagues: Let's work together, and let's reject this  proposal. Let's not bring it up. Let's continue our work on a  bipartisan basis. Certainly, don't use reconciliation. Let's work  together for the people of this country.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   