 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2353. H.R. 2353 is a  bill introduced by my good friend Congressman Thompson and myself to  modernize and take career and technical education into the 21st  century.   A persistent complaint I hear from employers throughout the State of  Illinois is that CTE programs have not kept pace with the changing  demands of industry. This bill would address the skills gap by aligning  CTE programs to meet the needs of the labor market, giving stakeholders  more autonomy in developing curricula, while ensuring robust  accountability standards. I hope everybody will support passage of H.R.  2353.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the ranking member of the Committee on  Education and the Workforce, someone who has dedicated his career, in  part, to this issue.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional  30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin), the chair of the CTE Caucus.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman from Rhode Island.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Massachusetts (Ms. Clark).    I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Minnesota (Mr. Nolan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Colorado (Mr. Polis), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Wilson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), who is the vice ranking member of the  Committee on Education and the Workforce.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from North Carolina (Ms. Adams).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. DeSaulnier).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski).    I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   I would like to thank my staff and committee staff for all their work  on this bill. I especially want to thank Alex Payne, the lead committee  staffer on career and technical education from our side, who,  unfortunately, couldn't be here with us today, due to the death of his  father. I want to thank Congressman Thompson for his incredible  leadership on this bill for all these years.   I also want to say that the main purpose of this bill is to  coordinate what is taught in CTE classes with workforce demands. H.R.  2353 requires State plans to show how CTE curricula aligns with in- demand careers. School districts must consult business leaders,  educators, parents, community leaders, representatives of special  populations, and others to determine the most promising career fields.  This bipartisan bill gives everyone a seat at the table and makes sure  no one is left behind.   I also want to thank Chairwoman Foxx and Ranking Member Scott for  their incredible leadership on this bill.   I want to take note of the fact that this is a bipartisan bill, at a  time when bipartisanship is so needed in this town. I urge the Senate  to take up our bill, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   