 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I stand in this Chamber today in strong support of  H.R. 3178, a package of bipartisan policies centered on improving care  for Medicare beneficiaries across several areas.   In particular, H.R. 3178 includes a bill that I introduced with my  friend and colleague from New Jersey, Mr. Bill Pascrell, that provides  a temporary transitional payment for home infusion providers.   The 21st Century Cures Act created a new reimbursement benefit for  home infusion therapies beginning in 2021. This new temporary  transitional payment will bridge the potential gap in care for  beneficiaries, and home infusion providers will continue to administer  these therapies without going bankrupt.   This legislation includes other good public policies that further  encourage giving seniors the choice to receive more care in the comfort  of their own homes, as well as expanding access to providers,  particularly in rural and in needy areas.   I would like to thank my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee  for their support. I would also like to thank my colleagues on the  Energy and Commerce Committee for their commitment to working on this  issue, especially Michael Burgess, as well as Chairman Emeritus Fred  Upton, who helped pave the way for these policies with the passage of  the 21st Century Cures Act.   Madam Speaker, I would like to conclude with a commitment that this  is not an end for policies encouraging care--especially drug infusion-- in the home for patients who choose to do so. We look forward to  working with the administration and clarifying current rules to ensure  we successfully implement both this legislation and future policies to  ensure inclusion of payment for all drugs needed by the home infusion  patient community.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Burgess), chairman of the Health Subcommittee of the Energy  and Commerce Committee and a leader on healthcare issues.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Kansas (Ms. Jenkins), a valuable member of our Health Subcommittee of  the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Tennessee (Mrs. Black), a valuable member of the Health Subcommittee of  the Committee on Ways and Means and who, as you have already heard from  previous speakers, has an important provision in this bill and who,  more importantly, brings her valuable training as a nurse who practiced  before she came to Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   As the previous speaker said, he supports the bill, which I am  pleased to hear that, but as the chairman has said, as the ranking  member has said, this is just the beginning. This is just the  beginning, and we can't let the perfect be the enemy of the good in  this piece of legislation because there is very important bipartisan  legislation that is meaningful to people in a home today somewhere in  Ohio or Massachusetts where home infusion is really important or  dialysis is really important.   I am pleased that the ranking member from Massachusetts has been so  helpful on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I just say ``ditto'' to the gentleman from Massachusetts  (Mr. Neal), whom I have a great relationship with, for all the words  about the staff. In particular, I also want to thank Abby Finn from my  staff, and Emily Murray and her team; but it has been a pleasure  working with the gentleman from Massachusetts' team as well, and Mr.  Levin, the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good step in the right direction and the first  step in expanding access to high-quality care and improving efficiency  and delivery of care so seniors can better receive the care they need  where they need it, which is so incredibly important. I really  appreciate the comments of the ranking member.   And again, I want to remind everybody what the chairman said, that  this is just the beginning, and hopefully this will be a template to  much more bipartisan support for the remainder of this year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Gibbs for yielding.   The Akron Beacon Journal, a few days ago, wrote an extraordinary  editorial about Ralph Regula. The last paragraph sums Congressman  Regula up best: ``What would benefit Congress and the country today are  more lawmakers like Ralph Regula, devoted to their districts without  losing sight of the larger picture. He wasn't just superb at  legislating. He delivered what governing requires.'' I couldn't say it  any better.   We in Ohio lost a truly wonderful person, a great American. Ohio has  lost three of them in the last year who I served with here in the  United States Congress who made this body a better place and who made  this country a better place: nearly a year ago, Steve LaTourette from  northeastern Ohio; earlier this year, Mike Oxley; and now Ralph Regula.   Ralph Regula was the dean of the delegation even before I got here,  and he was the dean of the delegation when I came here in 2001. One of  the great things that Ralph Regula did on our side of the aisle when we  were in the minority and then when we were in the majority is he  strategically placed members of our team from Ohio throughout all the  committees. So you had people on the Appropriations Committee, you had  people on the Ways and Means Committee, on the Energy and Commerce  Committee, and on the Armed Services Committee. Ralph was so thoughtful  that way trying to make sure that we represented our State in all sorts  of ways.   I got to know Ralph mostly sitting in that corner with Dave Hobson,  Ralph Regula, and Steve LaTourette. The dean of the delegation didn't  speak loudly. He often spoke softly, but his words were meaningful--and  usually right. He was a thoughtful guy who cared about our State, who  cared about our country, and who taught so many of us how to legislate  not just on the Appropriations Committee, but actually how to get  things done. I have fond memories of the lessons that he gave us on an  ongoing basis.   I only got to serve with Ralph for 8 years. There are others in the  room who got to serve with him a lot longer. But it is safe to say what  the Akron Beacon Journal said is right: He knew how to get things done.   He did it in a bipartisan way, he did it with his constituents in  mind, and he did it because it was the right thing to do.   There is a long list of things that he accomplished and that got  done. He didn't brag about it. He just did it in his soft-spoken, nice,  gentlemanly way. The gentleman from Navarre contributed and gave more  than he ever got. His former staff knows, the former Members on both  sides know it, and he will always be remembered for that great spirit  that he had around this place--a true gentleman describes the gentleman  from Navarre. It was an honor and a privilege to serve with him.   