 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Veasey for  helping organize this Special Order on a topic that is of great concern  to me and many of my constituents.   The Attorney General, as we know, serves as the United States' chief  law enforcement official. He or she does not serve certain States,  certain classes of people, nor is their service limited to a particular  party. The Attorney General is there to serve all of us.   With that in mind, I stand here on the floor of the House concerned  with Senator Sessions' nomination to become the next Attorney General.  Based on his record, there are a number of reasons why I believe that  Senator Sessions is unfit to lead the Department of Justice.    First, at his 1986 confirmation hearing to serve as a Federal judge  for the Southern District of Alabama, it was revealed that Senator  Sessions had called the NAACP and the ACLU un-American and communist  inspired. I am a life member of the NAACP and a participating member in  the ACLU. Neither one of those organizations are un-American or  communist inspired.   A Department of Justice attorney also testified that Sessions said he  believed that the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, Operation  PUSH, and the NAACP taught anti-American values. Well, if being free,  if being able to exercise your right to vote, being able to not  determine one's color as a condition for participation, then I am not  certain what Mr. Sessions was talking about; but I do know that he has  called a Black attorney ``boy,'' and he also talked about a White civil  rights attorney as a ``race traitor.''   Also, what I am more concerned about is, in the aftermath of the  shooting at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston,  South Carolina, he opposed taking down the Confederate battle flag.  Now, if there is one symbol that we all understand that represents  hate, it is the confederate  [[Page H222]]  battle flag. I am concerned that Senator Sessions continued to try to  defend that symbol. I can't imagine someone being the Attorney General  having that kind of attitude and that operation.   Mr. Speaker, I join the chorus of other members of the Congressional  Black Caucus who raise their voice in opposition to what would be a  travesty to the Department of Justice if Senator Jeff Sessions is  confirmed.   