 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the new subcommittee  chairman of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology. I know  our country is in good hands and our committee is as well with Mrs.  Blackburn chairing that important subcommittee. I want to thank my  colleague from California for his kind comments and his work over the  years on these issues. I concur with him that we have a wonderful  opportunity to continue our bipartisan work as the committee has been  known for, for a long time. Clearly, from time to time, we will have  our differences, and we know that as well. It is part of democracy.  There is so much of this work, like this bill, that is so very  important.   As we begin the 115th Congress, I am pleased to be here to support  this bipartisan bill because I think it reflects the best of what  government can do for those who sent us here. Small Business Broadband  Deployment Act seeks to alleviate, as you have heard, Mr. Speaker,  these unnecessary regulatory burdens on small Internet service  providers--these are the small ones, oftentimes in our rural  communities but not always--while still ensuring that consumers are  protected. We found the right balance here.   By extending an exemption to the Federal Communications Commission's  enhanced reporting rules, this bill allows these small businesses to  focus on their core mission, and that is to provide broadband Internet  access to customers throughout America. Over the past year, we spent a  great deal of time focused on this issue. We first raised concerns with  the Federal Communications Commission in a letter, Mr. Speaker, from  the committee, as well as from the Committee on Small Business. We  urged the chairman, Tom Wheeler, to not only make the exemption  permanent but also to raise the threshold by defining a small business  to bring it in line with the definitions previously blessed by the  Obama administration's Small Business Administration. We were trying to  find some consistency, some workability, and some common sense here.   Well, unfortunately, the FCC only extended the exemption for 1 year,  despite the overwhelming support to do this permanent extension. It was  clear Congress needed to act. That is what we are doing here. I  introduced a discussion draft last year that would have permanently  extended the exemption and increased the threshold by defining a small  business.   At our January 2016 legislative hearing on the bill, we heard from a  small Internet service provider who shared the dilemma that many small  ISPs face in these circumstances: Should they put up new equipment, or  should they hire a lawyer to help with compliance? Should they improve  service for customers, or should they devote those financial resources  to sifting through regulatory language and drafting extensive reports  on packet loss?   So often these small ISPs provide service to areas of the country  that are rural, like in my district throughout eastern Oregon or  Representative Loebsack's district in Iowa--we heard from him--or may  not be as easy to serve and, in some cases, provide a vital competitive  edge to larger Internet service providers. We should be making all  efforts to promote the viability of these businesses, not saddle them  with additional requirements that make it more difficult to do what  they are in business to do.   Representative Loebsack and I were able to come to a compromise  through extensive negotiation. In the bill we have before us today, we  extend this exemption for 5 years. Now, it gives greater regulatory  certainty to these small Internet service providers looking for  predictability when making investment decisions. In addition, we  increased the threshold for defining a small business and required the  FCC to report back to Congress on the exemption along with data around  small ISPs that is currently lacking.   In the end, this bill presents a good compromise that will relieve  burdens for small businesses while leaving in place protections for  consumers. So it is important to note this bill doesn't affect the  transparency rules, as my colleagues have mentioned, adopted in the  FCC's 2010 rules. Consumers will continue to have access to those  disclosures they have come to expect, with the information needed to  make informed decisions about their Internet service.   Again, this bill passed the House unanimously last year, 411-0.  Unfortunately, while it made it through the Senate Commerce Committee,  it never quite came up for a vote in the Senate. In addition, the  exemption granted by the FCC expired on December 15, 2016, and has not  yet been renewed. Now, that leaves these many small businesses exposed  to the serious reporting burden that we have heard about throughout  this process, as well as a great deal of uncertainty around what the  future may hold for them. It is now more important than ever that we  act to quickly fill this gap and protect these businesses and the  consumers they serve.   I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  especially Representative Loebsack, for working with us on this bill.  This bipartisan process has resulted in a strong piece of legislation  that I am confident will protect many and promote continued network  investment and build-out by small businesses. This legislation  represents a commonsense approach to a problem that directly impacts so  many of our constituents. This solution will enable our country to  continue its leadership in broadband deployment. I urge my colleagues  to support this legislation.   