 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the  Small Business Health Fairness Act, a bill that will help people in  Michigan and across the country by expanding affordable coverage for  workers and their families.   I thank our colleague, Representative Sam Johnson of Texas, for  introducing this legislation. I really enjoyed hearing the gentleman  from Texas and his comments about this being common sense.  Representative Sam Johnson of Texas defines common sense and  patriotism. He has tirelessly championed this bill for years, and it is  a pleasure to join him in pushing for these positive reforms.   Mr. Speaker, health care in this country has become simply  unaffordable for far too many small businesses and working families.  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has proved to be an  utter failure for most people in the United States. It is snowballing  out of control and rolling over working families and small businesses.   Ninety-five percent of small businesses have reported increased  health insurance costs over the past 5 years. A 2015 study by the  National Federation of Independent Businesses found that the cost of  health insurance is the principal reason that small businesses do not  offer coverage.   As a result, since 2008, 36 percent of small businesses with fewer  than 10 employees have stopped offering healthcare coverage to their  employees. It is not that they don't want to offer healthcare benefits.  The truth of the matter is that small businesses have been hit  especially hard by the government takeover of health care. Under  ObamaCare, the working families I speak to in my district are paying  more for less and finding they have fewer options for coverage.   H.R. 1101 is a key part of the third phase of our efforts to reform  our healthcare system so it works for all Americans. It aims to  increase the negotiating power of small businesses so they can bring  down health insurance costs for their employees.    Right now, small businesses are often on an unequal playing field  with larger companies and unions. Because they have few employees,  small businesses have limited bargaining power when it comes to  negotiating for lower insurance costs for their workers.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Rogers of Kentucky). The time of the  gentleman from Michigan has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill levels the playing field for  small businesses, allowing them to band together through association  health plans and negotiate the best deals to provide health care at a  lower cost. It also represents an important step toward purchasing  health insurance across State lines.   Today's vote is an immediate first step to help job creators provide  affordable healthcare options to their employees and a transition  toward a patient-centered healthcare system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   