 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1644, the  Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. I thank the  chairman of the committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce);  and the ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), for  their leadership in this important legislation.   This legislation furthers North Korea's severe financial isolation by  further targeting banks and money lenders to gain cooperation  throughout the region. This bipartisan bill builds on the pressure and  sanctions imposed under both the Bush and Obama administrations to  strengthen our response to North Korea's continued belligerence by,  number one, expanding sanctions on North Korea's government  transactions involving precious metals, minerals, jet fuel, and coal;  providing restrictions on U.S. foreign assistance to any country that  buys or sells military equipment from North Korea; and provides  increasing scrutiny of North Korean shipping vessels to target against  trafficking, counterfeiting, and aspects of North Korea's illicit  economy, among other things, in order to tighten sanctions in  accordance with the United Nations Security Council. This vote comes at  a critical juncture. Despite rounds of sanctions aimed at squeezing the  faltering economy of North Korea, recent reports from the peninsula  suggest that the country continues to gain sufficient traction to move  forward.   North Korea poses a real and immediate threat to the stability in the  region, to our allies, and to ourselves. By broadening eligibility  activities to be sanctioned and extending the duration of sanctions to  prevent arms trade, this bill will further leverage the North Korean  economy to enhance our ability to reduce its nuclear threat. What is  more, this bill will strengthen our ability to hinder trade between  North Korea's strongest partners, including businesses and banks within  Russia and China that are exposed to the international financial  market. In the face of growing uncertainty and seeming lack of clarity  surrounding the current administration's plan toward North Korea, this  act demonstrates the strong, bipartisan, and resolute stance of this  Congress in the face of increased provocative and aggressive actions by  North Korea.   As an original sponsor of the unprecedented legislation signed into  law last year that sanctioned North Korea for its egregious human  rights violations, I am proud to now support this critical legislation  and urge my colleagues to do the same.   