 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by saying this. I was prompted  to say this by the remarks from my colleague from Florida just now.   I believe that there is absolutely nothing that is common sense about  preventing those who defend America from having the opportunity to  defend themselves. There is no common sense in that whatsoever.   I listened to your emotional remarks here, and I listened as you gave  zero specifics on the mental illness that my colleague specifically  talked about being worried about.   Specifically, what mental illnesses is it that had you concerned?   I would encourage you to have the courage to be specific and say  exactly what it is that you mean so that there is no confusion.   Now, the true intent of my remarks today are to talk about my  favorite part of going to the VA, and that is sitting next to my fellow  veterans when I sit down at one of the clinics at my local VA hospital.  Whether it is a marine from Iraq, whether it is a sailor from World War  II, a soldier from Vietnam, an airman from Korea, whenever we sit down  next to each other, there is a camaraderie that exists immediately.   One of the first things that is said is usually some sort of off- topic joke about the branch that the other person comes from. It is  that camaraderie of shared service that unites us in a way that half a  century of age can't divide. I can tell you, we have common  experiences, and we have common healthcare challenges as well.   It is important for veterans to come together and for the VA to  establish and maintain expertise in providing for our unique healthcare  needs. Unfortunately, too many VA facilities have lost their hunger to  provide care. They have lost the passion to meet the individual needs  of veterans, and it has become way too much of a rarity that a  veteran's needs are truly met when they enter the VA facility.   You cobble that together with enough bad experiences from  underperforming employees, and it forces veterans to ask: Where else  can I go for my care?   That is why I am excited to see the House bring forward two bills  this week that get at the crux of the matter: authority to hire the  best employees and the ability to remove underperforming employees.   Today we will debate the VA Accountability First Act. We will provide  the VA Secretary the flexibility to either remove, demote, or suspend  an employee for misconduct. It can be very little that is more  important to go on at the VA.   Tomorrow we will debate H.R. 1367 that will bolster the Secretary's  situational awareness to recruit and retain the very best employees.   You know, when a veteran like myself or my peers goes to the VA, we  are not given a choice in our provider. We go there, and they look at a  person like me and they say: Your last name is Mast. We are going to  assign you to Alpha clinic. This is your provider, and there is no  choice.   The veterans deserve nothing less than the kind of care and  accountability that these bills endeavor to provide.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this  rule and to bring each of these bills to the floor.    Will the gentleman yield?    I appreciate that. When I get to speaking about the  specifics of this matter--and you used a very broad, general term, like  the term ``post-traumatic stress disorder.'' That is something that is,  unfortunately, layered upon nearly every veteran that exits service  today. So to go out there and have this ability to put people into this  NICS, who have this sort of label placed upon them, that is exactly the  crux of this that I am getting to that is not specific enough. It does  not point to what is specifically an issue that anybody is facing.     If the gentleman would yield, that is certainly an issue  that we can point to. But when you talk about post-traumatic stress and  so many other issues that are diagnosed by the Department of Veterans  Affairs----    Mr. Speaker, I take issue with a term that was thrown  around far too loosely twice in just the last couple of minutes by my  colleagues from the other side of the aisle here where each of them  used the term ``crazy.'' They used the term ``crazy'' twice. I take  serious issue with that.   This is the reality: our servicemembers that endeavor onto the  battlefield, they face snipers that are targeting them. They face  mortars being dropped on their head. They face improvised explosive  devices like the ones that took my legs and so many of my friends.  There are aviators that fly beyond the lines of our enemy. They face  the threat of being shot down or captured. There are marines, there are  sailors. And all of us--you know, the reality is we do come home with  demons that are associated with a life that is surrounded by death.  That is certainly the truth.   But to say for one moment that that is something that allows the term  ``crazy'' to be layered upon any one of these heroes that goes out  there and serves in defense of this country, that goes out there and  has the willingness to have their uniform stained with the blood of  their friends, I find that to be a disgusting use of that word. I  resent the fact that it has been done, Mr. Speaker, and I would  respectfully ask that there be an apology made to those that put on the  uniform and go out and defend this country on behalf of every single  American.   