 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 15 minutes as in morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this week on an island nation one- tenth the size of Rhode Island, more than 60 countries will gather at  the fourth international Our Ocean Conference. Catalyzed by then- Secretary of State John Kerry, the United States hosted the premier  international ocean conference in 2014 and 2016. Secretary Kerry's  legacy continues with the Malta Conference now going on, hosted by the  European Union, and that will be followed by scheduled conferences in  Indonesia in 2018 and Norway in 2019.   Nations come to these conferences to share ocean conservation  achievements and to pledge future efforts in sustainable fisheries,  marine debris prevention, marine protected areas, maritime security,  and climate change. At last count, conference organizers in Malta are  anticipating more than 150 separate pledges from governments, NGOs, and  the private sector. Since Secretary Kerry started it, the Our Ocean  Conference has produced hundreds of commitments, totaling nearly $10  billion and protecting nearly 4 million square miles of ocean. Though  the oceans cover more than 70 percent of our Earth, they are often  taken for granted. Oceans drive our weather, cool our planet, provide  food and income for billions of people, and absorb much of our carbon  dioxide emissions.   So for my 181st ``Time to Wake Up'' speech, I will return to the  topic of what we are doing to our oceans. The oceans provide a hard-to- deny reminder of what is happening, thanks to greenhouse gas emissions,  climate change denial, and America's legislative paralysis.   Physics and chemistry don't care about fossil fuel industry  propaganda. It doesn't affect them at all. Science measures how our  carbon pollution continues to drive unprecedented change in the Earth's  oceans.   The oceans have absorbed about one-third of all the excess carbon  dioxide emitted by human activity since the Industrial Revolution; that  is, around 600 gigatons of carbon dioxide absorbed by the ocean. The  effect of absorbing all that carbon dioxide is chemical, making ocean  water more acidic at the fastest rate in 50 million years. Humankind  has been on the planet only about 800,000 or so years, so 50 million  goes way back.   This acidification is potentially calamitous for the ocean ecosystem.  Off Washington, Oregon, and Northern California, 50 percent of  pteropods were measured to have ``severe shell damage,'' mostly from  acidified sea water. If that species collapses, the bottom falls out of  the oceanic food chain, with a cascading effect up to us at the top of  the food chain.   Ocean acidification is causing real economic concerns on coasts all  around the country. It is affecting Florida's reefs, for instance.  Rhode Island's clammers, lobstermen, and aquaculture growers watch with  real alarm the damage acidified seas are doing on America's northwest  coast. Oyster hatcheries there experienced significant losses when new  hatches were unable to grow their shells in the acidified seawater.  Those hatcheries now need to buffer ocean water to keep the pH at a  survivable level for baby clams, oysters, and other shellfish. Well,  you can do that for your aquaculture lab, but you can't do that for the  ocean. So it bodes well for the future of these shellfish.   In addition to the CO2 the oceans have absorbed--30  percent of that--they have also absorbed heat. They have absorbed over  90 percent of the excess heat that climate change has trapped in our  atmosphere, thanks to the operation of the greenhouse gases we have  emitted. The oceans, in doing that, have conferred on us an  extraordinary blessing because without their absorbing more than 90  percent of that heat--forget the 2 degrees Centigrade cap that we worry  about--we would likely be already more than 36 degrees Centigrade  hotter. That isn't just life changing; that is species-changing  variation in our planet. When oceans absorb all of this heat, which is  equivalent to more than a Hiroshima-style nuclear bomb per second going  off, the principle of thermal expansion kicks in. As oceans warm, they  expand, and as the world warms from the remaining heat, ice melts. So  between the two, sea levels rise.   NOAA, in January, updated global sea level rise estimates based on  the latest peer-reviewed scientific literature. Ice sheets and glaciers  are melting faster than previously expected, raising global sea level  rise estimates in this century--under the ``we do nothing on climate  change'' scenario--by around 20 more inches on average.   Apply these findings to the U.S. coast, and the news gets  particularly harsh for the northeast Atlantic coast, including my home  State of Rhode Island. Rhode Island's Coastal Resources Management  Council is now telling us that we need to plan for as much as 9 to 12  vertical feet of sea level rise by the end of this century. The refusal  of the Republican majority to do anything serious about climate change  is going to have a big effect on the very map of my State.   This is the present Upper Narragansett Bay, including Providence up  here, our capital city, down to Greenwich Bay down here, and Warwick on  the west side. Over here, we have Bristol and Warren on the east side  of the image, and it still looks actually very much like it did when  early explorers first came to Rhode Island in the 1600s. And it looked  very much like that for centuries before, when the Narragansetts and  the Wampanoags lived here. But as climate change raises sea levels, all  of this is changing rapidly.   The Coastal Resources Management Council has developed something  called STORMTOOLS, which is an online simulation to model sea level  rise and storm surge, so we can see how rising sea levels will affect  my State.   This is the same image as that one. I will put one over the other so  that you can see the match. Everything that is blue is land and is now  submerged on these 9-to-12-foot sea level estimates. It all has changed  quite dramatically. Warwick Neck breaks off and becomes Warwick Neck  Island. Much of the town of Barrington here becomes a new salt lake.  This is a bedroom community with a lot of wealthy people living in very  nice homes, and it all goes under water. Down here, Bristol and Warren  become an island, and off of them, Poppasquash Point becomes two  islands. This continues all around the State. The map changes, and we  become a Rhode Island archipelago. Look at Newport, Little Compton,  Tiverton, Providence, Jamestown, Point Judith. Flooded areas in my  State represent billions of dollars in losses to Rhode Islanders.   Of course, around the visibly flooded areas are the less visible  areas where legal setbacks, flood zones, velocity zones, and other  building restrictions prevent construction. In those areas that are  still above water, it is still unbuildable because the property has  become uninsurable, unmortgageable, or unsellable. That is a pretty  hard hit to expect my State to take without objection.   It is not just Rhode Island; all sorts of changes are happening along  America's coasts. Up in the Gulf of Maine, ocean waters are warming  faster than nearly any other place on earth. A study published in  Elementa last month found that summer temperatures in the Gulf of Maine  last two months longer than in the 1980s. Longer, warmer summers  benefit some species, but others get hurt, including what little is  left of the iconic cod.   Native villages in Alaska and island communities in Louisiana and  Maryland are facing tough decisions about abandoning traditional  shorelands and islands and relocating. Around the world, entire nations  are planning for relocation as the ocean steadily rises over their  island homes.   Layered on top of this sea level rise is the worsening risk of storm  surge  [[Page S6283]]  and flooding from hurricanes and other storms. The Presiding Officer  does not need to be told about this. His State has experienced it  firsthand.   This satellite image is a snapshot of this particularly destructive  2017 hurricane system. From the left to right, we see Hurricane Katia,  Hurricane Irma--at category 5 strength--and Hurricane Jose down here.   As the recovery efforts continue for our citizens in Puerto Rico,  Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, and we look at hundreds of billions of  dollars in disaster relief emergency spending, here in Washington we  might want to think about helping coastal States around the country get  serious about predicting what is coming, shoring up our coastlines,  fortifying coastal infrastructure, and preparing for what climate  change has in store for us.   Climate change is not the only way we are damaging the oceans. Each  year, around 8 million metric tons of plastic waste enters our oceans  from land. By 2050, we could see as much plastic in the oceans as fish  in the oceans by weight, since plastics do not fully degrade in the  ocean. They just break down into smaller and smaller pieces of plastic,  and those travel the globe on ocean currents.   Plastic is now everywhere; on our beaches, in our oceans, ingested  and entangling our wildlife. It is even in tapwater, salt, and other  foods that we humans consume. Plastic waste has been found on remote  islands, in deep-sea sediments, and in sea ice.   In an area previously inaccessible to researchers due to that sea  ice, the Arctic is apparently releasing frozen plastic back into the  oceans. That is how badly we are polluting our oceans. An international  research expedition to the North Pole even found chunks of plastic  littering that remote region.   Thankfully, there is interest in solving our ocean trash problem in  the Senate. At last year's Our Ocean Conference, over $1 billion was  pledged to combat marine debris. Additional commitments are expected  this year. Our Senate Oceans Caucus work parallels work around the  world. The Senate Oceans Caucus is a bipartisan group. There are 36 of  us. We have made marine debris one of our focus areas.   In August, by unanimous consent, we passed the Save Our Seas Act, a  bipartisan bill to reauthorize NOAA's marine debris program and expand  its ability to deal with severe marine debris events, where tsunamis or  huge storms sweep enormous amounts of plastic garbage into the oceans  and then ultimately onto our shores.   The bill asks the President to increase U.S. international efforts to  reduce marine debris, including improving international waste  management practices and improving research on plastics that will  actually biodegrade in the ocean. It also directs the U.S. Trade  Representative to start considering marine plastic debris--much of  which comes from just a few countries--when dealing with them in future  trade agreements.   We reinforced this piece of the bill recently in the National Defense  Authorization Act, which we passed just last month.   The Save Our Seas Act garnered support from environmental NGOs, from  corporations, from chemical trade groups, but there is still much more  work to do. We have abused and ignored our oceans for far too long. The  oceans are warning us in every way they know how, and we can't afford  to ignore those warnings any longer. We must start taking serious  action to respond to what we are doing to our oceans. I promise you,  anybody who knows anything about oceans hears those alarm bells  ringing. It is time for us to wake up.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   