 Mr. President, I want to go back to what this motion  does. This is to remand the bill back to the Finance Committee so it  can come back without adding nearly $1.5 trillion to the national  debt--maybe a heck of a lot more than that.   I am in business too. I will tell you that if I ran my business and  did the things in my business that this bill is doing, I would go out  of business. Why? Because my kids wouldn't be able to afford to stay  farming because I would have acquired too much debt. That is why this  is so important. It is why I applaud Senator King for bringing this  motion forward.   I sat on this floor, and I listened to folks talk about the threat  from North Korea, which is absolutely real. The money it is going to  take to deal with that threat is not going to be cheap.   I come to the floor, and I listen to people talk about the national  security interests of this country and how there are people who want to  do bad things to our country. We have to keep our country safe, but it  comes with a cost.   I heard Senator King talk earlier today about rebuilding our  military. We have been at war for 16 years, and there is a cost it is  going to take to rebuild our military. All of those things take money.  They are expenses of what we have to do here to keep this country  secure.   It is absolutely incredible to me that we have people walk to the  floor and talk about a 38-percent effective rate. Everybody on this  floor that is in business knows that is not the rate that corporations  pay in this country. By the time you do your deductions, your effective  rate is far less than that. In fact, some people feel it is about 20  percent.   But nonetheless, I will agree--I think both sides of the aisle can  agree--that we need to do tax reform. We need to modernize our code. It  hasn't been done in 30 years, but it can't be done in a way that adds  $1.5 trillion on to our kids.   Right now, we have a $20 trillion debt. There is no doubt about that.  That is $63,000 for every man, woman, and child in this country. When I  sat in that chair that the Presiding Officer is sitting in now, when I  first got elected some 11 years ago, I heard folks from that side of  the aisle talk about the debt every single day. After the 2014  election, it has been crickets on that side of the aisle when it comes  to the debt. The debt is still real.   When we had the biggest meltdown in this country since the Dirty  Thirties, we had to make an investment into this country. I had people  in the construction business in my office with tears in their eyes  saying: There is no work in the private sector. You have to do  something to help stimulate this economy or things are going to go to  heck.   Times were tough. The debt increased. We had to get the economy  turned around.   Now, times are good. For all the folks who are in business--or at  least claim that they are in business--in good times, what do you do?  You pay down your debt. You save. You make a rainy day fund because you  know it is not always going to be like this.   Instead, in this body, we say times are good, but we are going to add  another $1.5 trillion on the debt. Just do it. Our kids can worry about  it. Hell, we will be dead and gone.   That is why this motion is so critically important--so we can send it  back to finance; so that there can be a true bipartisan discussion in  committee about what needs to happen with this bill and to have it come  back so it is revenue neutral. We can do that. We can help push the  economy forward, and we can help have a bright future for our kids, but  we are not going to do it with this bill. We are not going to do it  with a partisan bill like this is right now.   So I want to commend Senator King for pushing this motion forward to  remand this bill back to the Finance Committee so that they can bring  it back in a revenue-neutral position. We can cut taxes. We can broaden  that base without adding to the debt, and we need to do it. We need to  do it for our kids--the same reason that most of us claim we are here.  We are here to make sure we have a better future for our kids and our  grandkids. Let's do it with this bill. Let's walk the walk, not just  talk the talk.  [[Page S7533]]    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   