 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here is what is happening with so-called  ``tax reform.'' Tonight, the Budget Committee is voting on a budget  resolution that does two things.   First, it sets the spending limits for everything in the government-- environment, energy, defense, healthcare, education, transportation,  and so on.   Second, it includes something called reconciliation instructions that  basically direct all of the committees to report back with legislation  that either increases or decreases the Federal deficit by a certain  amount. This time around, here is what they are doing--asking the  Senate Finance Committee to draft legislation to increase the deficit  by $1.5 trillion. Again, this is going to pass on a party-line vote,  with Republicans prevailing, to increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion.  This is what will start the tax reform process.   That is not all. Republicans still haven't given up on decimating our  healthcare system. They are still trying to cut Medicaid and, this  time, Medicare, and they are going to use this tax bill. They are going  to cut $473 billion from Medicare at a time when our population is  getting older and many seniors are already struggling. They are also  going to cut $1 trillion from Medicaid. This is the program that pays  for one out of every two births in this country. It helps millions of  families who have loved ones in nursing home care.   Last week, they tried to pass a healthcare bill that cut taxes. Now  they are trying to pass a tax bill that will cut healthcare. Their  proposal will, actually, increase the deficit by $4 trillion. That is  12 zeros.   Here is what we could do with $4 trillion. We could completely  rebuild half of the airports in the United States. We could put 20  million people through 4 years of college. We could pay off the debt  for every student loan.   Instead, the United States is going to be in the red by $4 trillion,  but after they cut $1 trillion from Medicaid and one-half trillion  dollars from Medicare, the party that has railed against the Federal  debt and deficit will still add $2.5 trillion to the deficit.   This is all so that they can give tax cuts to the richest people in  the United States. I promise you, I understand that both parties are  sometimes guilty of exaggerating and that sometimes both parties are  guilty of relying on talking points and relying on caricatures of the  other side, but you couldn't caricature this bill if you tried. This  bill is already a caricature of what people say Republicans are all  about, which is to shred the social safety net and provide tax cuts to  the wealthiest Americans.   They are going to cut the corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent,  and they are going to cut tax rates across the board, but the people  who will actually benefit will be the people at the top. The Tax Policy  Center, which is a nonpartisan, highly respected group, has crunched  the numbers, and they found that within 10 years, 80 percent of the  benefits of this $4 trillion tax bill will go to 1 percent of  Americans.   Remember what is happening. We are borrowing a huge chunk of this,  and whatever is not borrowed comes out of Medicare and Medicaid. So the  programs that pay for women to give birth in a hospital or for elderly  people to get healthcare will be decimated, and the wealthiest  Americans will pay less in taxes. This is bad policy, not just for the  people who work hard but for the whole economy.   I want to give you a specific example. Again, both parties rely on  talking points, and both parties accuse each other of having the wrong  set of ideas, but we have an example of what happens when you do this.  This bill is actually modeled after what they did in the State of  Kansas. The State government eliminated one of its business taxes,  telling people that it would help the State's economy. Instead, the  economy slowed down, which left them with even lower tax revenues. They  had to cut government programs, like education, and now people do not  want to send their kids to Kansas public schools anymore because they  do not have the resources to educate their children.   This is not a path that America should follow. Everyone needs to pay  their fair share, and that includes big corporations and the people who  are benefiting from the system and making millions of dollars every  year, but in this proposal, they are the ones getting all of the tax  breaks.   Companies already have huge tax breaks. Some corporations end up  paying zero in Federal income tax every April 15 even though they are  making healthy profits. They have teams of lawyers and accountants who  help them dodge paying even a penny to the Federal Government. That is  why corporate income taxes make up less than 10 percent of all of the  revenue to the Federal Treasury. Meanwhile, at least 30 percent of the  middle class will actually pay more if the Republicans succeed with  their tax reform package.   Think about this.   Thirty percent of the middle class is going to see tax increases in  their tax bills. Why? It is because they have to find some money to  subsidize the tax cuts for the richest people. Some of the money will  be found by borrowing; some of the money will be found by making cuts  to Medicare and Medicaid; and some of the money will be found by  increasing taxes on the middle class. One out of every two households  with children will see its taxes go up under this plan. Increasing  taxes for these people while decreasing them for big corporations is  not a plan for economic growth. We have heard over and over that  Republicans do not want to add to the deficit--I don't either--but this  is, literally, what they are voting to do tonight.   Again, this is not a talking point. This is not a sort of rhetorical  flourish. The bill, itself, provides for $1.5 trillion worth of deficit  spending. Yet it is not deficit spending on the military; it is not  deficit spending on disaster response; and it is not deficit spending  on Medicare or Medicaid or Social Security or any of the social safety  net programs that they claim is the problem with the Federal budget. It  is deficit spending for the purpose of a tax cut, 80 percent of which  is going to 1 percent of the country. This is not conservative-- certainly not fiscally conservative--and it will not help us to grow  the economy.   It is no surprise that this policy is bad, because, again, the  process has been so bad. With healthcare, they ignored regular order.  They obliterated the committee process. They ignored Democrats. They  ignored the way the U.S. Senate is supposed to work, and they failed.  One Republican Senator says that he will not vote for anything that  adds one penny to the deficit. Another Republican Senator said that he  [[Page S6344]]  will not do anything that does not cut taxes for everybody. It already  does not meet that test. Members of Congress on both sides of the  aisle--Republicans too--have promised not to cut Medicaid or Medicare.  It violates all of those promises.   If you did not like the ACA repeal because it cut Medicaid, guess  what. This cuts Medicaid more. If you made a promise to your voters not  to cut Medicare, you should be aware that this bill provides for one- half trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare. If you are railing against  debt and deficits, this is the biggest budget buster that I have ever  seen in my short, 5-year career in the U.S. Senate.   During the campaign, the President of the United States promised not  to cut Medicare, and the senior Senator from Arizona has called for  regular order. This violates every procedural and policy principle that  has been articulated on this Senate floor since I have been here. I do  not see a way forward on this legislation when it has been conceived in  a purely partisan way. It will only take us deeper into dysfunction.  For the sake of the Senate, let's stop going down this path. Let's  restore regular order and work together on a bipartisan tax reform  process.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   