 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on Equal Access to  Justice Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by echoing the praise that the chairman  offered to Mr. Collins and Mr. Cohen for their leadership on this  important legislation which I support for several reasons.  [[Page H1335]]    To begin with, it strengthens the Equal Access to Justice Act, a  crucial law that has helped senior citizens, veterans, the disabled,  and not-for-profit groups vindicate their rights against unreasonable  or arbitrary governmental action.   Now, as the chairman stated, under the so-called American rule,  parties to adjudicative matters typically pay their own litigation  costs, subject to certain statutory exceptions; and one of these  exceptions is the Equal Access to Justice Act, which allows a party to  be reimbursed for litigation costs when he or she is victorious against  the Federal Government under specified conditions.   But if the U.S. can show that its position was substantially  justified, or that special circumstances would make an award unjust,  then the prevailing party is not entitled to be reimbursed for his or  her litigation costs.   In addition, only certain parties are eligible to be reimbursed for  their litigation costs under the act, based on their net worth or tax  exempt status, among other factors that are built in to the statute.   Whether these restrictions still make sense is an open question, as  Congress simply does not have the adequate information to assess the  continuing effectiveness of the act. This is because there has been no  comprehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under  the act since 1995, and, as a result, all we have is conjecture and  extrapolation.   Fortunately, H.R. 1033 addresses this problem by requiring annual  reports on the amount of fees paid under the act to prevailing  litigants against the government. As a result of this legislation,  Congress will know now, on an annual basis, the agencies required to  reimburse parties for their litigation costs; the claims that first  gave rise to the litigation; and the amount of awards made under the  act, as well as the basis for them.   With this information, Congress will be in a much better position to  assess the ongoing implementation of the act and the performance of the  agencies as litigants.   Another reason why I support this legislation is that it respects the  privacy interests of the parties who are reimbursed for their  litigation costs pursuant to the act. Unfortunately, prior versions of  this legislation were unnecessarily intrusive.   Organizations, like the National Organization of Social Security  Claimants' Representatives and the Paralyzed Veterans of America,  expressed their serious concerns that prior versions of the bill might  ``infringe the privacy of vulnerable people who have applied for Social  Security and veterans' benefits.'' These are serious concerns,  especially given the fact that the bill requires the information  collected to be made available to the public and transparent through  posting on the internet.   As currently drafted, however, H.R. 1033 strikes the proper balance  between encouraging transparency and respecting the legitimate privacy  interests of parties that have been raised as an issue in the past. The  bill specifically provides that the annual reports required to be made  publicly available may not reveal any information the disclosure of  which is prohibited by law or court order.   Finally, I support H.R. 1033 because it recognizes the important role  that the Administrative Conference of the United States has  historically played in helping Congress identify inefficiencies among  the Federal agencies and ways to save taxpayer dollars through the  proper economies. I am particularly pleased that the current version of  this legislation reflects various thoughtful suggestions shared by the  Administrative Conference with our staffs.   Given the excellent work and scholarly analysis that have been the  hallmarks of the Administrative Conference of the United States, I  expect its report and its attendant findings will be an invaluable aid  to Congress.   As the Judiciary Committee is the authorizing committee for the  Conference, I encourage our friends on the Appropriations Committee to  ensure that the Conference has adequate funding to implement this very  important legislation.   Like the Administrative Conference, H.R. 1033 requires only a modest  investment that will result in a very valuable return for all  Americans. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia has made a very  powerful argument for a bipartisan push for transparency and  accountability.   I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman  from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to recognize my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle.   As Mr. Cohen has pointed out, this legislation has been a model of  bipartisan collaboration, and the work product shows the investment of  both sides in it. So I want to salute everybody for their diligence in  helping to craft this important legislation. The gentlemen from Georgia  (Mr. Collins) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen), as well as  our former colleague, the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Ms. Lummis, have  cooperatively worked to effectuate a very effective, commonsense bill  that will improve the accountability and the transparency of the  Federal Government. This is a commendable accomplishment.   Accordingly, I would ask all of our colleagues to join us in  supporting this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   