 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my distinguished colleagues in  government and the lead Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee for  their continued leadership.   My amendment would amend from the underlying bill all actions where  whistleblowers allege misconduct or malfeasance in connection with the  Federal Government. A whistleblower is defined as one who reveals  wrongdoing within an organization in the hope of stopping it.   Our country has long recognized the importance of affording legal  protections to whistleblowers. Under the protection and umbrella of  these laws, whistleblowers have helped expose corruption, government  waste, fraud, unconstitutional practices, and abuses of the public  trust. They have risked, in many cases, their livelihoods to do what is  right for this country and defend our democracy.   It should not be our objective to create barriers that will stop  people in good faith from coming forward by subjecting them or their  representatives to mandatory sanctions, but that is exactly what this  bill is designed to do.   This amendment will ensure that whistleblowers are still protected  under current law when they bring an action through our judicial  system. The need for this amendment is clear now more than ever.   Donald Trump and his team appear, at times, to be paranoid about the  information that comes out of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. If the 45th  President of the United States chooses to run the White House and the  government in the same way that he ran many of his businesses, their  fear may be well-founded. He does not have a great track record.   Donald Trump has been sued by the Department of Justice for violating  Federal antidiscrimination laws, refusing to rent apartments to people  based on their race. I note that that lawsuit in the early 1970s was  brought by the Nixon Justice Department.   He was forced to shut down Trump University, an apparent scam that he  used to rip off students, swindling them out of tens of thousands of  dollars. And he has repeatedly failed to pay his workers and  contractors for their services--hardworking Americans.   He created a fake charity, the Trump Foundation, which apparently has  been used to pay for a portrait of himself and pay off fines and bills.  He has declared bankruptcy four times in his career after losing  billions of dollars.   Now, as President, this is the first time that Donald Trump has had  to act in the best interest of someone other than himself or his  family.   His Cabinet, however, consists of the superwealthy, many of whom are  unfamiliar with the programs that their departments oversee and who are  inexperienced in handling billions and billions of taxpayer dollars.  Many others seem more concerned about helping out interests that are  corporate in nature, not the people's interests.   In the words of the legendary Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis:   ``Sunlight is the best of disinfectants, electric light the most  efficient policeman.''   Putting whistleblower protections at risk puts our democracy at risk,  and for that reason, I urge adoption of this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would add that, in a democracy, the  ability to use the Article III Federal court system is incredibly  important as it relates to the chance for individual citizens who  recognize that wrongdoing is taking place to do something about it and  save taxpayers from the waste, fraud, and abuse that so many in this  Chamber appear to often be concerned about.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   