 Madam President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Steven G. Bradbury to be General Counsel of the Department of  Transportation.   Typically, the Department of Transportation has been a bastion of  bipartisan cooperation. As former Transportation Secretary Norman  Mineta said: ``There are no Democratic or Republican highways, no such  thing as Democratic or Republican traffic congestion.'' Similarly, it  has been the overwhelming position of the U.S. Senate that torture is  disqualifying for high office. Mr. Bradbury's nomination threatens both  of these traditions.   Based on his role in the approval of enhanced interrogation  techniques during the Bush administration, I believe Mr. Bradbury has  failed to demonstrate the judgment that would merit the Senate to  advise and consent on his nomination to any post. In addition, I am  deeply troubled by his failure to commit to recuse himself from all  matters related to his former client, the now-bankrupt airbag  manufacturer, Takata, whose products are responsible for at least 16  deaths and 180 injuries.   From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Bradbury was the acting head of the Department  of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel and was responsible for  coauthoring numerous legal memos that authorize torture. During that  period, enhanced interrogation techniques approved by the Office of  Legal Counsel included techniques that constituted torture or cruel,  inhumane, and degrading treatment. We would not accept such techniques  being used on our servicemen and women held in captivity by our  enemies. Yet Mr. Bradbury approved those techniques and, in doing so,  endangered our men and women in uniform, and that danger still exists  today.   Mr. Bradbury authored four separate memos authorizing the harshest  form of detainee abuse, including waterboarding and other forms of  cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. Not only did these legal memos  authorize techniques that have been deemed abusive, they provided a  green light for those willing to abuse enemy combatants in U.S.  custody.   Following the revelations of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib, the  Senate, led by Senator John McCain, passed the Detainee Treatment Act  of 2005 by a vote of 90 to 9. That law prohibited detainee abuse by the  military and other agencies.   However, legal opinions by Mr. Bradbury sought to provide a legal  cover for the continued use of techniques that ran counter to the  intent of that law. Our most respected military leaders have spoken out  against the use of these unlawful interrogation techniques. A letter  signed by 176 retired senior military leaders opposed the kind of  torture techniques approved by Mr. Bradbury's Office of Legal Counsel.   Having had the privilege to serve in the Army of the United States, I  believe they did this because they understood if we did it, our enemies  would do it with even more gusto to our men and women, and it would be  unconscionable to give them even a shred of credibility to point to and  say: We are simply doing what you did to others.   Retired Marine Gen. Charles Krulak wrote in opposition to the  Bradbury nomination, saying that the use of techniques approved by Mr.  Bradbury ``not only violated well-established law and military  doctrine, but also endangered U.S. troops and personnel, hindered the  war effort, and betrayed the country's values, damaging the United  States' stature around the world as a beacon of human rights and the  rule of law.''   That is the voice of one marine, speaking from years of experience in  combat, not simply to defend our ideals but to defend those men and  women who serve today in uniform.   Secretary of Defense Mattis has expressed his full support for the  Army Field Manual as the single standard for all U.S. military  interrogations and has advised President Trump that such enhanced  interrogation techniques are not needed to keep our country safe.   Under Mr. Bradbury's direction, DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel  approved opinions on enhanced interrogation techniques that appear  intended to meet the political inclinations of the White House rather  than the intent of U.S. laws against such cruelty. Someone who has  justified the use of torture, in spite of an act of Congress, should  not be allowed to hold a position of responsibility in the U.S.  Government. Indeed, it is for that reason that this body refused to  approve Mr. Bradbury as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of  Legal Counsel in 2008.   If approved as the General Counsel of the Department of  Transportation, Mr. Bradbury would again be called upon to render legal  opinions that require sound and independent judgment. Even forgetting  for a moment his history of bending to the political desires of a  strong-willed White House, his refusal to completely recuse himself  from matters relating to his former client, Takata, means he would  enter this office with a cloud of potential conflicts around him.   Public service is not an entitlement but a privilege. For Mr.  Bradbury, the revolving door should swing shut. His lack of judgment at  a critical time in the Nation's history has disqualified him from the  privilege of holding high office in the current or any future  administration.   Surely the American people deserve someone who reflects our national  values and has demonstrated much better judgment than Mr. Bradbury.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.    Madam President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Steven G. Bradbury to be General Counsel of the Department of  Transportation.   Typically, the Department of Transportation has been a bastion of  bipartisan cooperation. As former Transportation Secretary Norman  Mineta said: ``There are no Democratic or Republican highways, no such  thing as Democratic or Republican traffic congestion.'' Similarly, it  has been the overwhelming position of the U.S. Senate that torture is  disqualifying for high office. Mr. Bradbury's nomination threatens both  of these traditions.   Based on his role in the approval of enhanced interrogation  techniques during the Bush administration, I believe Mr. Bradbury has  failed to demonstrate the judgment that would merit the Senate to  advise and consent on his nomination to any post. In addition, I am  deeply troubled by his failure to commit to recuse himself from all  matters related to his former client, the now-bankrupt airbag  manufacturer, Takata, whose products are responsible for at least 16  deaths and 180 injuries.   From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Bradbury was the acting head of the Department  of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel and was responsible for  coauthoring numerous legal memos that authorize torture. During that  period, enhanced interrogation techniques approved by the Office of  Legal Counsel included techniques that constituted torture or cruel,  inhumane, and degrading treatment. We would not accept such techniques  being used on our servicemen and women held in captivity by our  enemies. Yet Mr. Bradbury approved those techniques and, in doing so,  endangered our men and women in uniform, and that danger still exists  today.   Mr. Bradbury authored four separate memos authorizing the harshest  form of detainee abuse, including waterboarding and other forms of  cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. Not only did these legal memos  authorize techniques that have been deemed abusive, they provided a  green light for those willing to abuse enemy combatants in U.S.  custody.   Following the revelations of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib, the  Senate, led by Senator John McCain, passed the Detainee Treatment Act  of 2005 by a vote of 90 to 9. That law prohibited detainee abuse by the  military and other agencies.   However, legal opinions by Mr. Bradbury sought to provide a legal  cover for the continued use of techniques that ran counter to the  intent of that law. Our most respected military leaders have spoken out  against the use of these unlawful interrogation techniques. A letter  signed by 176 retired senior military leaders opposed the kind of  torture techniques approved by Mr. Bradbury's Office of Legal Counsel.   Having had the privilege to serve in the Army of the United States, I  believe they did this because they understood if we did it, our enemies  would do it with even more gusto to our men and women, and it would be  unconscionable to give them even a shred of credibility to point to and  say: We are simply doing what you did to others.   Retired Marine Gen. Charles Krulak wrote in opposition to the  Bradbury nomination, saying that the use of techniques approved by Mr.  Bradbury ``not only violated well-established law and military  doctrine, but also endangered U.S. troops and personnel, hindered the  war effort, and betrayed the country's values, damaging the United  States' stature around the world as a beacon of human rights and the  rule of law.''   That is the voice of one marine, speaking from years of experience in  combat, not simply to defend our ideals but to defend those men and  women who serve today in uniform.   Secretary of Defense Mattis has expressed his full support for the  Army Field Manual as the single standard for all U.S. military  interrogations and has advised President Trump that such enhanced  interrogation techniques are not needed to keep our country safe.   Under Mr. Bradbury's direction, DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel  approved opinions on enhanced interrogation techniques that appear  intended to meet the political inclinations of the White House rather  than the intent of U.S. laws against such cruelty. Someone who has  justified the use of torture, in spite of an act of Congress, should  not be allowed to hold a position of responsibility in the U.S.  Government. Indeed, it is for that reason that this body refused to  approve Mr. Bradbury as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of  Legal Counsel in 2008.   If approved as the General Counsel of the Department of  Transportation, Mr. Bradbury would again be called upon to render legal  opinions that require sound and independent judgment. Even forgetting  for a moment his history of bending to the political desires of a  strong-willed White House, his refusal to completely recuse himself  from matters relating to his former client, Takata, means he would  enter this office with a cloud of potential conflicts around him.   Public service is not an entitlement but a privilege. For Mr.  Bradbury, the revolving door should swing shut. His lack of judgment at  a critical time in the Nation's history has disqualified him from the  privilege of holding high office in the current or any future  administration.   Surely the American people deserve someone who reflects our national  values and has demonstrated much better judgment than Mr. Bradbury.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.   