 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I take the floor to strenuously argue  against  [[Page S3425]]  the proposition being pushed by Senators Paul, Murphy, and others to  deny arms sales of about $500 million to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  The package they are trying to exclude from the $110 billion arms deal  is precision-guided munitions that would be used by the F-15s, a  package of Joint Direct Attack Munitions, Paveway laser-guided bombs  for Saudi Tornado and Typhoon aircraft. The bottom line is, the package  we are talking about are precision weapons the Saudi Air Force and  military could use in operations against Iran's proxy in Yemen and  other threats that continue to plague us.   The flaws of the Saudi Government are real. They are known to me. My  friends on the other side, particularly Senator Paul, constantly put  Saudi Arabia and Iran on the same footing. I think that is a very  unwise analysis.   To suggest that Saudi Arabia is as bad as Iran is just missing the  point, big time. The Iranian bureaucracy is the most destabilizing  force in the Mideast. They have aggressively pursued military action  through proxies and have been directly involved in military actions in  Syria. Iran's efforts to dominate Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, and now Yemen  have to be pushed back.   Here is what Secretary Mattis said about this proposal when I asked  him the question: How would Iran view passage of this proposal limiting  precision-guided weapons to the Saudis by Congress? He stated: ``I  believe Iran would be appreciative of us not selling these weapons to  Saudi Arabia.''   That is pretty direct. Iran would be really happy.   On September 21, 2016, 71 U.S. Senators supported a tank sale to  Saudi Arabia. The vote was 71 to 27. In other words, 71 U.S. Senators  rejected Rand Paul's proposal to stop the sale of tanks. I would argue  that a tank is not nearly as much of a precision weapon as the weapons  we are talking about here to be given to the Saudi Air Force. If we are  worried about collateral damage in Yemen, I understand the concern.  Precision weapons would help that cause, not hurt it.   We have to understand whom we are dealing with in Yemen. We are  dealing with Iran. Saudi Arabia has a border with Yemen. The Iranians  are backing a force called the Houthis to bring down a pro-Western  government in Yemen. From a Saudi perspective, everywhere you look you  see Iran encroaching throughout the Mideast.   The bureaucracy in Iran is the biggest threat to the world order, and  that is saying a lot, given the way the world is. I say that with  confidence because what Iran is doing is trying to destabilize the  Mideast in an unprecedented fashion. Our Arab allies are tired of it,  and now is the time to stand with them--with their imperfections-- against Iran and their hostilities.   This $500 million chunk of the $110 billion weapons sale is  absolutely essential to the Saudi Air Force to get these weapons, not  only to minimize casualties but to win the fight against the aggressive  nature of Iran in Yemen and other places.   I don't know where we are going with Iran, but the President has said  the current nuclear deal is absolutely a terrible deal. He is right.  This deal locks in a march toward a nuclear weapon by the Iranians if  they don't cheat. They don't have to cheat. In 10 or 15 years, the  agreement allows them to enrich and reprocess without limitation, so  this deal has to be replaced.   I hope we don't go to war with anyone, but if we go to war, I want  allies that are capable to help us in the fight. We complain about our  Arab allies not doing enough. When they want to do more, we say no to  them. Guess what. No wonder people believe America is an unreliable  partner. We say one thing and do another.   To my Democratic colleagues: You were OK with voting to help  President Obama increase the capability of the Saudi Army at a time  when it was in our national security interest. What has changed between  September 21 and today? What geopolitical situation has changed that  all of a sudden Iran is no longer the threat they were in September of  last year and Saudi Arabia is less reliable? Nothing, other than the  election of Donald Trump. I have been a critic of Donald Trump-- President Trump--when I thought it was necessary for the good of the  country, but all I can say is, this wholesale defection by Democrats  really is disturbing. It is undermining, I think, our national security  interests when it comes to containing Iran. It is sending the worst  possible signal we could be sending to our Arab allies at a time when  we need them the most. I don't question people's motives; I question  their judgment.   Here is my problem. I had no problem helping President Obama because  I believe Saudi is the bulwark against Iranian expansion. Our allies in  Saudi Arabia are imperfect, but they do share intelligence with us,  they are in the fight, and we need to help them because it is in our  interest to help them. You had absolutely no problem helping them when  it was President Obama's idea. Everything Trump you seem to be against.  That is absolutely disappointing, and quite frankly despicable.   To my Republican colleagues: Rand Paul has been consistent. I respect  his consistency. I just completely disagree with him. If you think  containing Iran and keeping them from toppling Yemen, Iraq, Syria, and  Lebanon is not in our national interest, you are making a huge mistake.  The last thing we want is the Iranian Ayatollah to march through the  Mideast and start spreading his form of radical Shi'ism in the  backyards of all of our Arab allies.   So I cannot urge this body more to reject this ill-conceived idea. It  is $500 million out of a $110 billion package. It is the kind of  weapons that will matter on the battlefield. It will lessen civilian  casualties, which is a noble goal, and will also give capabilities to  the Saudis to more effectively contain Iran that is marching through  Yemen, through their proxies, the Houthis.   General Mattis--Secretary Mattis has it right. Iran would be  appreciative of our not selling those weapons to Saudi Arabia.   We are going to sanction Iran this week, I hope, for what they have  done outside of the nuclear agreement. Since the nuclear agreement was  passed, they have humiliated our sailors. They captured them on the  high seas and humiliated them. I don't remember Saudi Arabia doing  that. They are test-firing missiles in the violation of a U.N.  resolution that could destroy Israel and one day reach us and our  allies throughout the Mideast and Europe. They are spreading their form  of radical Shi'ism all through the world, all through the Mideast. The  money they received from the Iranian nuclear deal is not going to build  roads, bridges, and hospitals, it is increasing the lethality of the  IRG and other Iranian combatant units.   What we are trying to do and what President Trump is trying to do is  give our allies the ability to contain the threat which is in our  interest. Sanctioning Iran and denying Saudi Arabia the weapons they  need to defend themselves and others against Iran is pretty  inconsistent.   There is a military necessity for these weapons. It will change the  equation on the battlefield. It is in our interest that Iran lose this  effort to take over Yemen and destabilize the Mideast at large. You  have to remember that these are the same people--the Iranians--who  built lethal IEDs and injected them into Iraq--IEDs that killed many,  many American soldiers. This is the same regime that took over our  Embassy years ago, humiliated our sailors, and chants ``death to  America and Israel'' on a regular basis. Yet here we are, sitting as a  legislative body, contemplating our not helping an ally who is willing  to fight the threat that is posed by Iran in the Mideast. All I can say  is that on September 21, 2016, almost every Democrat saw this as a good  move to help Saudi Arabia.    Now almost all of you are voting against an arms package that is more  necessary today than it was in 2016. The only change is that we have a  new President whom you hate.   I was not a big fan of President Obama's, but when I thought it was  right, I stood with him. President Trump is right to increase the  capability of the Saudi military to deal with the Iranian aggression.  There is no bigger threat to the Middle East and America, I believe,  than this Iranian regime in the hands of an ayatollah who is really a  religious Nazi.   So I hope you will vote for what is best for America, which is to  empower our allies to contain threats that we commonly enjoy. We enjoy  the experience of being in the crosshairs of the  [[Page S3426]]  Ayatollah. They want to destroy the royal family in Saudi Arabia. They  want to destroy Israel, and they want to destroy us. So the idea that  we are not going to help an ally that is willing to fight is just  inconceivable, and the idea that we are going to vote no for an arms  package because Trump is President--and all of you over there voted yes  before--is disappointing.   To my Republican colleagues, if you really think Iran is a threat, do  not vote with Senator Paul because you are sending the wrong signal.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I wish to join with Senator McCain very  quickly.   At 71 to 27, on September 21 of last year, we voted to approve tank  sales to Saudi Arabia because they need more weapons and equipment to  counter the Iranian aggression in Yemen and other places.   Most of the people who are now going to vote against precision-guided  weapons that will reduce civilian casualties voted for tank sales. This  $500 million carved out of this package gives Saudi Arabia a  qualitative edge on the battlefield against Iranian proxies who could  care less about civilian casualties. It is the most upside-down  thinking I have ever seen, and many of you over there actually approved  this because it was worked on before President Trump became President.  So it is really disheartening to see you support President Obama's tank  sales but that you are not going to support President Trump's selling  weapons, which gives us an advantage over Iran in Saudi Arabia and  actually reduces civilian casualities.   Secretary Mattis said it the best: Iran would appreciate killing this  deal and taking these weapons off the table. I urge everybody in here,  if you are serious about standing up to Iran, stand with Saudi Arabia,  as imperfect as they are.   