 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Homeland  Security Committee for yielding and for his longtime work on this  authorization.   Authorizing all of the Cabinet Departments is important, but it is  crucial that Congress reauthorize the Department of Homeland Security.  The American people must have faith that DHS will serve to protect this  Nation, and this authorization demonstrates Congress' commitment to the  critical missions being performed daily by this diverse Department.   This bill is the product of collaboration between several committees,  and the Judiciary Committee greatly contributed to this bill as it  authorizes three component agencies within the jurisdiction of the  Judiciary Committee: the United States Immigration and Customs  Enforcement, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services,  and the United States Secret Service.   Make no mistake: we authorize the Department and its agencies to  carry out each and every duty and utilize every tool necessary to keep  America safe. While the bill does contain much of the authorizing  language as reported out of the Judiciary Committee, it does not  reflect all of our important work on the ICE and USCIS authorizations.  It is critical that these two DHS components have all the tools  necessary to carry out their functions. H.R. 2825 should have  explicitly included such tools as the clear congressional intent to  ensure that these agencies have them at their disposal in order to  enforce the laws.   I do support this bill because it is an important step in ensuring  that ICE and USCIS can continue to perform at a very high level. This  Congress must soon finish the job, however, and ensure that these  agencies have the resources and legislative support that they need to  enforce our immigration laws in the interior of the United States.   The House must pass the Judiciary Committee's enforcement bills,  including the Davis-Oliver Act, the Protection of Children Act, the  Refugee Program Integrity Restoration Act, and the Legal Workforce Act,  among others. I intend to see these bills on the House floor in the  near future, and I look forward to fulfilling our promise so that DHS  can truly fulfill its mission.   