 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I also ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning  business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, 40 years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled  that nonunion public workers who benefit from the work conducted by a  union to negotiate contracts that they benefit from should have to pay  a fee to cover costs associated with this work. If all workers benefit,  it is only right that everyone contributes a fair-share fee.   However, in recent years, there has been a well-funded effort by  special interest groups backed by corporate billionaires to dismantle  unions and silence the voice of workers. There have been a number of  attempts to overturn the 1977 decision in Abood v. Detroit Board of  Education. Other efforts have targeted State legislatures where they  have had success in many States. In other States like Pennsylvania,  these efforts were blocked.   Workers already have the right to decide whether to join a union.  They have the right to decide. It is common sense that if these workers  benefit from the higher wages and better working conditions that result  from contract negotiations undertaken by the union, that those workers  should have to chip in for the cost of these negotiations. That is just  fair. These negotiations get results and they benefit workers. They  benefit workers who are in the union and benefit workers who are not in  the union.   The right to bargain collectively has been an integral part of  raising income and growing the middle class over the course of the last  century. Being able to organize and bargain collectively allows workers  to demand higher wages and salaries and of course boost their incomes.  These workers have more money to provide for their families, to  increase consumption, which in turn increases both production and  employment. Putting more money in the hands of workers is good for  workers and for the country.   Over the last several decades, we have seen the balance of power  across our Nation tilt more and more in favor of the wealthy and the  largest corporate interests at the expense of working Americans.   The Supreme Court has not been immune from this trend. Under Chief  Justice Roberts, the Court has become an ever more reliable ally for  big corporations. A major study published in the Minnesota Law Review  in 2013 found that the four conservative Justices currently sitting on  the Court--Justices Alito, Roberts, Thomas, and Kennedy--are among the  six most business-friendly Supreme Court Justices since 1946. So four  of the six most business-friendly are serving on the Court at the same  time.   A review by the Constitutional Accountability Center--which is an  ongoing review and is updated with every case the Supreme Court  decides--shows the consequences of the Court's corporate tilt, finding  that the chamber of commerce has had a success rate of 70 percent in  cases before the Roberts' Court--a significant increase over previous  courts.   These are all critical cases. These are cases of critical importance  to everyday Americans. These are cases involving, for example, rules  for consumer contracts, challenges to regulations ensuring fair pay and  labor standards, attempts by consumers to hold companies accountable  for product safety, and much more.   Well-funded corporate special interests do not have the best  interests of working families at heart. They are pushing these efforts  to reduce their bottom line by reducing the incomes of working  families.   That is why we are standing today to make sure that the voice of  working Pennsylvanians and Americans are heard. To increase incomes and  strengthen the middle class, we need to  [[Page S6957]]  stop the assault on workers and labor unions, whether it happens in  Congress or in State legislatures or, indeed, in the U.S. Supreme  Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   