 Madam President, the American people have spent the last  several weeks hearing that the Senate will vote on its new version of  TrumpCare by the end of the month. It is now June 19, and the American  people are still in the dark about this bill. There is no text. There  is no legislative analysis of this bill and no scoring of what the  financial ramifications are. The American people--and much of this  Senate--are in the dark. We are in the dark about how much costs are  going to rise, in the dark about how many people are going to lose  insurance, and in the dark about whether a preexisting condition will  once again be used as a weapon against them by insurance companies.   If news reports are to be believed--and that is all we have right  now--a vote on this massive proposal affecting the lives of virtually  all our people is days away. No one outside of a group of 13 men--all  Republicans--knows what is being considered. In my view, this is as  stark an example of legislative malpractice as I can remember.   It is time for Americans to get loud, to do their part, and to make  sure their voices are heard on an issue that is so personal and so  vital to our people and their families.   If and when this bill hits the floor, the debate is going to go by  very quickly. By the standards of the Senate, it will be over in a  flash. So this afternoon, I want to be direct with a few key points for  those across this country to remember over the next two weeks.   First, the Republican healthcare plan is going to raise costs for the  typical American. If you are an older person nearing retirement--55,  58, 61--you are going to get hammered with an age tax. You are going to  be forced to pay several times as much as a younger person for health  insurance.   Under the House TrumpCare bill, 64-year-old seniors of modest means  are going to see their premiums shoot up by 800 percent. I would like  to hear somebody try to explain to a lifelong trucker or to someone who  has spent decades cleaning offices to put food on their family's table  why that is an improvement in American healthcare.   These are older people who already struggle to make ends meet, and  they have been told for the last 7 years that repealing and replacing  the Affordable Care Act is going to lower their healthcare costs. Now  they face the reality of TrumpCare, which says that they will somehow  have to spend the bulk of their income on health insurance and, in some  cases, it will take up nearly all of it.   It is not just older people who face this age tax that will see their  costs rise. TrumpCare cuts middle-class tax benefits for healthcare  that were put in place under the Affordable Care Act, particularly in  rural areas. That means premiums are going to be a much bigger burden  on typical middle-class families.   The Republican healthcare plan ends the air-tight, loophole-free  guarantee that protects Americans from being discriminated against for  a preexisting condition. Working adults--30, 40, 50 years old--who  thought they were home free with employer-sponsored insurance, under  this bill could, once again, face some of the worst insurance company  abuses, including annual and lifetime limits on benefits.   One new report says 27 million Americans could get hit by annual  limits and 20 million could face lifetime limits.   Here is what this means: A 35-year-old, for example, who develops  cancer could bust that cap in a hurry. If you have to go through  expensive surgeries and chemotherapy, busting those caps could mean  facing decades--decades--digging out from medical debt.   Second, TrumpCare is built around the $800 billion attack on  Medicaid. Today, Medicaid comes with a guarantee: If you walk an  economic tightrope, are sick or injured, you will get the care you  need. You can't be denied benefits, but slashing the program by  hundreds of billions of dollars ends that guarantee because States are  going to have to cut benefits. The best way to understand the  consequences of that plan is to look at seniors who need nursing home  care.   The Medicaid nursing home benefit helps pick up the tab for two out  of three nursing home beds in America because, the fact is, growing old  in America gets expensive. You can do everything right through a  lifetime of hard work, scrimping and saving, putting off vacations or  big purchases to be financially prudent, but still, a lot of people go  through their savings. That is when Medicaid steps in for seniors to  help cover the cost of nursing homes and other long-term care. One year  in a nursing home now costs more  [[Page S3571]]  than $90,000, on average. That is two or three times as much as a year  of college education. If TrumpCare slashes Medicaid so deeply that  seniors are in danger of losing the nursing home benefit, how are  families, fighting hard to pay their own bills, going to be in a  position to take care of older loved ones?   Of course, Medicaid does a lot more than cover nursing home care.  Thirty-seven million kids are enrolled in Medicaid, a vital source of  support for kids and adults with disabilities.   Medicaid is the only lifeline that thousands and thousands of  Americans fighting opioid addiction have to be able to put their lives  back together. No community anywhere in this country has escaped the  opioid epidemic. Since Medicaid was expanded under the Affordable Care  Act, it has been leading the fight against the opioid epidemic by  improving access for millions of people for treatment of mental health  and substance abuse orders, but with the Republican plan's enormous  cuts, thousands of people could lose their best shot to recover from  addiction and lead healthy lives.   Finally, what is especially unfortunate about this legislation is the  process for writing this bill. It is being written behind closed doors,  no input from across the aisle and particularly from the American  people.   I serve as the ranking member on the Senate Finance Committee. Our  committee has authority over hundreds of billions of dollars in  payments for Medicare, Medicaid, and tax credits. We haven't had any  hearings. We haven't seen a bill. There is not the traditional process  of a committee markup to consider legislation. We are also the  committee that on a staff level, always has tried to work back and  forth between Democrats and Republicans to try to find common ground,  but with the majority leader keeping the process locked behind closed  doors, Chairman Hatch and I, along with all of the Democrats and most  of the Republicans on our committee, have simply been cut out.   Back in the runup to the Affordable Care Act--the one that President  Obama was involved in, in 2009--the Finance Committee held more than 50  hearings and roundtables, and we walked through carefully the  healthcare reform bill. When the legislation was introduced, it sat  online for 6 days before it was voted on in the committee, 564  amendments were posted online, more than 130 amendments were considered  during the markup, more than two dozen Republican amendments were  adopted, and the bill passed on a bipartisan basis.   Again, let me highlight: More than two dozen Republican amendments  were adopted in the Finance Committee. As of now, there will not be a  single Democratic amendment adopted in the Finance Committee. When the  legislation went to the floor, the Senate spent 25 consecutive  legislative days on healthcare reform--the second longest consecutive  session in history.   That is how the legislative process ought to look: The committees do  the hard work in the open, gather input from the American people, have  a chance--Democrats and Republicans--to work together. That is not what  is happening on TrumpCare. This is a bill shrouded in secrecy and the  public is kept in the dark. There aren't going to be any hearings on  the impact it is going to have on the millions of people who rely on  Medicaid for health insurance, no hearings on what it means if you have  all these loopholes in the guarantee of protection Americans now have  against discrimination for a preexisting condition, no hearings asking  how a 64-year-old of limited means is supposed to deal with an age tax  that swallows up most of their income. When the Senate Republican  healthcare bill hits the floor, there will be a very short debate  before time expires and the final votes are cast.   I am going to close by saying now is the time for Americans to be  heard on healthcare. It is the time for Americans to speak out. For  those who have a story about how TrumpCare will affect their family,  you can share it on my website at wyden.senate.gov or you can use the  hashtag ``America Speaks Out.''   I intend to be back on the floor with my colleagues, and many of us  will be here often in the hours and days ahead, but I want to close by  way of saying political change doesn't start at the top and then  trickle down. Political change is bottoms up, as Americans across the  country speak out and speak loudly. Now is the time to do that because  this debate is coming fast.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from California.   