 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1842, the  Strengthening Children's Safety Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, there are few things more shocking to the conscience or  sickening to the soul than crimes against children--the most innocent,  the most vulnerable members of our society.   In my time as a Federal prosecutor, the child exploitation images  that I was forced to review as part of the evidence were, by far, the  most disturbing and difficult part of that job. All of these years  later, I still can't erase those depraved images from my mind, and I  doubt that I will ever be able to do that.   But crimes against children should stick with us, they should haunt  us, and then they should spur us to take action. If we do anything here  in Congress, it should be working to protect children. We talk all day  long in this Chamber about the future of this country. Well, Mr.  Speaker, the children are the future of this country. We need to put  our words into action.   So today I am introducing H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Children's  Safety Act of 2017, a bill which closes two sets of loopholes in  Federal child exploitation laws to make sure that all dangerous sex  offenders are treated the same and are subject to the same enhanced  penalties under the law.   Right now, Mr. Speaker, current law establishes minimum national  standards for sex offender registration and notification in all 50  States, in the District of Columbia, in U.S. territories, and Tribal  jurisdictions. If a sex offender knowingly fails to register or update  a registration, that individual faces a fine and imprisonment of up to  10 years.  [[Page H4404]]    There is also an enhanced penalty of 5 to 30 years imprisonment if  the offender, while in that noncompliance status, also commits a crime  of violence under Federal law, under the Uniform Code of Military  Justice, the law of the District of Columbia, Indian Tribal law, or the  law of any territory or possession of the United States.   But here is the problem, Mr. Speaker: Right now, only individuals  committing crimes of violence under these Federal, military, and Tribal  laws are subject to the enhanced penalty, while individuals committing  the same crimes of violence under State law are not.   Mr. Speaker, hopefully, we can all agree that child predators  committing crimes of violence should be subject to the same enhanced  penalties, regardless of whether these crimes are being charged in  Federal court or at the State level. So this bill adds similar State  crimes of violence to that list to ensure that the enhanced penalty  applies equally to all dangerous offenders.   Mr. Speaker, the second portion of H.R. 1842 addresses enhanced  sentences for individuals with prior sex offenses. Fortunately, our  child exploitation laws consistently do call for higher sentences any  time a defendant has a prior conviction for Federal or State sex  offenses. But currently, these sentencing provisions do not  consistently include all similar sex offense convictions that arise  under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.   H.R. 1842 amends those Federal child exploitation laws to include all  child sexual exploitation offenses under the Uniform Code of Military  Justice in the recidivist provisions, as appropriate. Again, I think it  is critical, Mr. Speaker, that we close this loophole to ensure that  all prior child exploitation convictions are penalized for repeat  offenders.   Many issues in Congress these days are partisan, but it is my sincere  hope, Mr. Speaker, that Members on both sides of the aisle today will  be able to come together to support stronger protections for children  who are sexually abused. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to  support this important bill.   