 Madam President, I rise in support of the Countering  Russian Aggression and Cyber Attacks Act, an amendment to the Iran  sanctions bill currently under consideration.   In just the last 3 years under Vladimir Putin, Russia has invaded  Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened NATO allies, and intervened  militarily in Syria, leaving a trail of death, destruction, and broken  promises in his wake. And of course, last year, Russia attacked the  foundations of American democracy with a cyber and information campaign  to interfere in America's 2016 election.   It has been 8 months now since the U.S. intelligence community  publicly concluded that the Russian Government had attempted to  interfere in our last Presidential election. Since then, the  intelligence community has concluded that it is confident that the  Russian Government directed a campaign to compromise emails, American  individuals, and political organizations; that Vladimir Putin ordered  an influence campaign to undermine public faith in the democratic  process; and that Moscow will apply lessons learned from this campaign  to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies  and their election processes.   Months of congressional hearings, testimony, and investigative work  have reinforced these conclusions that Russia deliberately interfered  in our recent election with cyber attacks and a disinformation campaign  designed to weaken America and undermine faith in our democracy and our  values. Vladimir Putin's brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant  demonstration of his disdain and disrespect for our Nation. This should  not just outrage every American; it should, at long last, compel us to  action.   In the last 8 months, what price has Russia paid for attacking  American democracy? Hardly any at all: Modest sanctions against a few  Russian individuals and entities, some Russian diplomats and spies sent  home to Russia,  [[Page S3468]]  two spy compounds closed, at least for now--and all of this is  reversible at the discretion of the President.   We must take our own side in this fight, not as Republicans, not as  Democrats, but as Americans. It is time to respond to Russia's attack  on American democracy with strength, with resolve, with common purpose  and with action. So I am proud to support this amendment, which would  begin to do just that.   This legislation incorporates some of the best ideas from different  pieces of legislation already introduced in the Senate, ideas that have  broad bipartisan support. The amendment would impose mandatory  sanctions on transactions with the Russian defense or intelligence  sectors, including the FSB and the GRU, the Russian military  intelligence agency that was primarily responsible for Russia's attack  on our election.   The amendment would impose mandatory visa bans and asset freezes on  any individual who undermines the cyber security of public or private  infrastructure and democratic institutions, and it would impose  mandatory sanctions on those who assist or support such activities.   The amendment would codify existing sanctions on Russia by placing  into law Executive orders signed by President Obama in response to both  Russian interference in the 2016 election and its illegal actions in  Ukraine, and it would take new steps to tighten those sanctions.   The amendment would target the Russian energy sector, which is  controlled by Vladimir Putin's cronies, with sanctions on investments  in Russian petroleum and natural gas development, as well as Russian  energy pipelines.   We also need to put additional pressure on the ability of Putin and  his cronies to move money they have looted from the Russian state. So  this amendment would mandate that the Secretary of the Treasury  establish a high-level task force within the Department's financial  crimes and enforcement network that would focus on tracing, mapping,  and prosecuting illicit financial flows linked to Russia, if such flows  interact with the U.S. financial system. The task force would also work  with liaison officers in key U.S. embassies, especially in Europe, to  work with local authorities to uncover and prosecute the networks  responsible for the illicit Russian financial flows.   Finally, recognizing that Russia seeks to undermine not just American  democracy but Western democracy altogether, this amendment would  provide support to the State Department, Global Engagement Center, and  USAID to help build the resilience of democratic institutions in Europe  against Russian aggression exerted through corruption, propaganda, and  other forms of political interference.   Importantly, the legislation also mandates congressional oversight of  any decision to provide any relief from these sanctions.  Administrations cannot waive or lift these sanctions without certifying  that Russia is making concrete steps toward changing its behavior on  the international stage. In particular, Russia needs to begin adhering  to the Minsk Protocol, roll back its occupation of Crimea and  destabilizing efforts in Ukraine, and cease its cyber operations aimed  at undermining democracy in the United States and Europe.   We need a strong Russia sanctions amendment, we need it now, and we  need it on this piece of legislation. We need this amendment because we  have no time to waste. The United States of America needs to send a  strong message to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will  not tolerate attacks on our democracy. There is no greater threat to  our freedoms than attacks on our ability to choose our own leaders,  free from foreign interference, and so we must act accordingly and we  must act now.   I would like to thank my friend and colleague on the other side of  the aisle--one of the really great remaining members of the Communist  Party--who has allowed me to speak and give this statement.   I yield the floor.   