 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Posey), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3354.  Originally this was offered by my friend from Florida (Mr. Posey), who  is currently helping his constituents recover from Hurricane Irma, so I  rise on behalf of Mr. Posey.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike the IRS' Operations Support  account by $165,300 and transfer that amount to the Spending Reduction  account. The effect would be to eliminate the salary of IRS  Commissioner John Koskinen's salary, in fact, and would finally begin a  tiny amount of accountability that American taxpayers have deserved for  quite some time.   Not only did Commissioner Koskinen fail to hold the IRS accountable  for wrongfully targeting groups based on their lawful political  beliefs, but he obstructed the congressional investigations into the  scandal.   When Congress requested the testimony of Lois Lerner, who was head of  the Exempt Organization Division at the IRS, she took the Fifth  Amendment and refused to cooperate. Instead of providing these records,  as required, Mr. Koskinen chose to--in his words--``recycle'' the  Lerner email records. By recycle, Mr. Koskinen meant, obviously by his  actions, destroy evidence that was part of a congressional  investigation, which was in direct conflict with his duties as a public  servant and, in particular, as head of the Internal Revenue Service.   After obstructing a congressional investigation, Mr. Koskinen then  lied about it under oath on several occasions before Congress. In other  words, he repeatedly and contemptuously perjured himself before  Congress.   Now, on June 20, 2014, for example, Mr. Koskinen testified in a Ways  and Means Committee hearing that since the targeting investigation  started, every email had been preserved and nothing was lost. At that  very same hearing, Mr. Koskinen said that the backup files no longer  existed. He then went on to say that the IRS had ``gone to great  lengths to spend a significant amount of money trying to make sure that  there were no emails that were required that has not been produced.''   That, as we found out, was a blatant lie. Mr. Koskinen and his staff  had gone to no lengths to get these emails. They had done nothing. In  fact, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said that  the IRS under Koskinen--his direction--simply did not look for the  emails at all. Later, more than 1,000 emails were recovered from backup  tapes that the IRS had attempted to destroy knowing they were being  sought by Congress.   A year later, on June 20, 2015, Mr. Koskinen again falsely  testified--also known as perjuring himself--that all of the Lerner  emails had been preserved--not lost--but the IRS had destroyed the  emails, in fact, and tried to destroy the backup tapes as well. That  was well after the investigation had started and the emails were being  sought.   Koskinen's dishonesty and obstructionist actions were not limited to  congressional business. His actions directly affected American  taxpayers. Under his tenure, IRS customer service for the 2015 filing  season was nothing short of abysmal. Taxpayers were forced to wait  hours to speak to an IRS agent, even after Congress gave him more money  than he had had before for that assistance, but under his control and  direction, it was squandered in other ways.   The terrible customer service was a direct result of Mr. Koskinen's  IRS directing funds meant for taxpayer services toward other  priorities.   At his confirmation hearing, Commissioner Koskinen promised that he  would be transparent. That was a lie. This man's salary should be  reduced.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I hope and literally pray  that at some point we will put politics aside and, when somebody lies  in front of Congress, we will join together to say: Not before  Congress; there will be consequences.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   