 Mr. President, I make a point of order that the pending  amendment violates section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of  1974.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alabama.    Mr. President, you know, late this afternoon, around 5  o'clock, a number of Republican Senators indicated their unwillingness  to support the so-called skinny bill, which would rip healthcare from  16 million people, according to CBO, and increase health insurance  premiums by 20 percent--and not 20 percent over several years, 20  percent per year for the next several years, doubling health insurance  premiums over the next 4 or 5 years. That is the bill we are talking  about. They said that they don't like this bill, but they are willing  to vote for it if they are provided assurances that this is just sort  of a procedural vote.   We just had a motion to proceed that was procedural in nature,  according to them. We think it is the vote on healthcare.   Now, this second vote, which is actually a vote to enact  legislation--they are saying they are going to vote for it but only on  the condition that we go to conference committee.   Something just happened over the last couple of hours that is  actually pretty astonishing. The House Rules Committee adopted what  they call martial law. Now, it is not quite as bad as it sounds, but it  is pretty bad. What that means is it gives total control over the  procedures to the House majority. The House majority now is in a  position to enact the skinny bill right away.   There are a lot of Members of the Senate who want to talk about this,  but I will just give you my little indicators that they are going to  enact this into law by Sunday. They are going to enact this into law by  Sunday. No. 1, the White House already has a name for it, the President  has indicated a willingness to sign it sight unseen, and Paul Ryan just  issued a statement that was not at all reassuring. There were lots of  words, but none of them included ``We will not enact anything that  comes from the Senate. We will go to conference committee, and if we  don't have an agreement, we will not enact the Senate version of the  bill.''   They are desperate to enact a bill before the summertime starts, and  that is why we are all terrified here. There are a lot of people on the  Republican side who hate the bill that they are going to be asked to  vote for, and the only reason they are entertaining the possibility is  that they want to go to conference. But they are not going to end up in  a conference committee; they are going to end up in a signing ceremony  over the weekend.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor.   