 ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, on April 29, Secretary  Mattis issued guidance requiring graduates of the Air Force Academy,  West Point, and the Naval Academy to compete 2 years of active  commissioned service before they can seek permission to pursue a  professional sports career while at the same time fulfilling their  service obligation.   Traditionally, the service Secretaries may exercise discretion over  whether or not to permit the very few academy graduates with the  exceptional athletic talent to jointly serve either in the reserves, in  Active Duty, or a combination of both, and be part of a professional  sports team.   My amendment supports the flexibility and the discretion that has  always been built into the Secretary of Defense's discretion to  determine on a case-by-case basis how to deal with his own personnel.   Section 541 of this year's NDAA replaces Secretary Mattis guidance  with a far more stringent, one-size-fits-all policy that allows for no  exceptions, without explanation.   No one is saying that graduates should not fulfill their service  requirement. No one is saying that graduates shouldn't pay for their  education.   Section 541 is a significant departure from the policy which allows  the Secretary of Defense and the military branches discretion, and more  specifically, today, it handcuffs our own Secretary Mattis from  implementing the policy as he sees fit, just like Secretaries of the  past have always done.   Section 541 stipulates that academy graduates must fulfill, without  exception, 5 years on Active Duty before they are able to request  release to pursue an athletic career. This policy is overrigid and will  make it nearly impossible for graduates of our service academies to  pursue any professional athletic career.   Denying student athletes on a Secretary-approved, case-by-case basis  the opportunity to pursue a professional athletic career in conjunction  with their military service is a mistake. The possibility, no matter  how remote, of going pro is a powerful recruiting tool that can attract  exceptional, diverse high school athletes to attend and excel in our  service academies.   Very few college athletes are talented enough to play professionally.  I played college football and I ended up here. Most high school  athletes dream and believe that they can go pro. The truth is, most  won't. But to kill that dream before a student chooses a college also  ruins the chance of the academies from recruiting top athletes.   Why does this matter? Because striking section 541 will maintain  Secretary Mattis' policy, which was created to ensure that preserving  the option for our academy athletes, we do so in a way that maintains  the readiness and lethality of our military services. But it is also  about morale at the academies.   I taught at West Point. I serve on their board today. I served on the  Navy board before. I can tell you that if section 541 is retained, we  lose out on the boost in morale afforded to the academies with  competitive athletic departments and the recruitment benefit of the  soldier athletes' exposure with professional sports teams and their  fans.   If section 541 is retained, we will be sending a message that if you  are a highly talented high school athlete and you also want to go to  the Naval Academy, West Point, or the Air Force Academy, you need to  give up any possibility of athletic aspirations after school.   We will be doing ourselves a disservice by not recruiting the  absolute best and brightest individuals who could be so versatile  enough to be professional athletes and also serve their Nation  honorably.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as  she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Murphy).    ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the  balance of my time.    ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   