 Mr. Chairman, I just have to say, I am in shock. I am  listening to the kind of thinking that, if it had caught on in the  eighties, may have allowed the Cold War to continue.   When I enlisted in the Army, I was privileged to serve in Germany,  wear our country's uniform, and see the fruit of generations of work. I  also saw the concern that Germans had that Ronald Reagan was going to  cause World War III and that actual leadership was somehow a problem.   Instead what we saw was that Mr. Gorbachev didn't tear down the wall.  The United States of America didn't tear down the wall. The East German  people tore down their own wall.   And why did they do that?   They did that because they knew the truth of what was on the other  side.   Mr. Poliquin's bill is a major effort to try to help the people of  Iran get their country back. They are under a strong authoritarian  leadership system that has oppressed their people and caused harm  throughout the region and, in fact, throughout the planet.   Meanwhile, I am so thankful that this is a bipartisan bill. The  Members opposed to this would have asked more public disclosure of  public company CEOs than they would of enemies of our country, and that  is hard to understand.   Mr. Chair, I was sent here to represent the people of the Eighth  District of Ohio and to support and defend the United States of  America. I don't think there is anyone who has sworn an oath to support  and defend 80 leaders in Iran.   This bill does not violate the JCPOA. It doesn't touch it. It simply  says we are going to gather this information.   As far as diverting resources, this is the leading state sponsor of  terror. It is precisely focused on the problem, and it gives the people  of Iran a chance for freedom that so many people of the world enjoy.   I am thankful that we have the opportunity to try to make this  difference. I encourage every Member of the House to vote for it, and  those who thought they were opposed, to reconsider a rational, measured  action to try to change the world for good.   