 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I rise in opposition to this record-breaking closed rule, the 50th  closed rule in a year, which is more than any time in any yearly period  previously.  [[Page H9195]]    I think our rules should be open. I think closed rules are not good  for this institution regardless of who does it, and I would urge the  majority party to think about open rules so that the legislature can  truly work its way.   The legislation itself includes a handful of measures that I  authored--I am happy about that--to require reporting on Russia's role  in the Balkans, including Serbia's defense relationship with Russia; to  enhance congressional oversight of changes made to policies and legal  interpretations that govern security operations; a strategy to improve  transparency and civilian protection in Nigeria; and a requirement for  a Defense Department official to protect cultural heritage, the looting  and trafficking of which is a funding source for terrorism. We voted on  that here on the floor and it has passed.   I am also pleased that we have included continued support for  Israel's missile defense. This system is critical to Israel's security,  considering the threats that Israel faces from Iran, Hamas, and  Hezbollah.   Mr. Speaker, even though I am ranking member of the House Foreign  Affairs Committee, I am glad to see these measures in this bill because  they all belong in this bill. They are related to our national  security. Indeed, I strongly support the measures in this bill that  provide authorities and resources necessary for our military to carry  out its missions.   But, as we have seen again and again in recent years, this defense  authorization continues an unsettling trend toward involving the  Defense Department in activities outside its core competencies. In my  view, we need to preserve and strengthen the important roles of the  State Department and USAID.   We wouldn't ask our diplomats or our development experts to do the  jobs of our men and women in uniform, so we shouldn't be asking our  servicemembers to do the work that has traditionally resided in our  civilian foreign policy agencies.   I want to caution against continuing down this road, and I hope that,  in the years ahead, we can work to support our diplomatic and  development efforts in the same way we support our national defense.  After all, America's security depends on all these efforts working  together.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me.   Let me say, in conclusion, I hope that, in the years ahead, we can  work to support our diplomatic and development efforts in the same way  we support our national defense. After all, America's security depends  on all of these efforts working together, and it is important to  remember that.   