 Mr. President, I rise today to express my opposition to  the confirmation of Seema Verma as Administrator of the Centers for  Medicare and Medicaid Services, known as CMS.   As CMS Administrator, Ms. Verma would oversee healthcare coverage for  more than 55 million seniors and disabled individuals in the Medicare  Program. In addition, she would be the primary authority for the  Medicaid Program, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and our  Nation's health insurance marketplace. Together, these programs cover  over 70 million Americans.   I have serious concerns that if confirmed, Ms. Verma will pursue  shortsighted changes to our healthcare system that could jeopardize  care for working families, while providing huge benefits to corporate  interests.   Ms. Verma has openly stated her desire to put insurance companies  back in charge of our healthcare by allowing insurers to deny women  maternity care coverage as an essential health benefit. She has also  expressed support for proposals that would weaken essential health  benefits that ensure coverage for mental healthcare, preventive  screenings, and comprehensive pediatric care for children. These  comprehensive services form the backbone of the healthcare system that  invests in preventive care, improving outcomes, lowering costs, and  puts consumers in charge of their own healthcare. Ms. Verma is  proposing to take us back to the days when insurance companies were in  control and when they would tell you what was best, not you or your  doctor.   She has also expressed support for dangerous and radical proposals  that would change Medicare as we know it. I believe that when it comes  to Medicare, our future CMS Administrator should be doing everything he  or she can to strengthen an incredibly successful program. Ms. Verma,  instead, supports policies that reduce the quality of care and increase  costs on older Americans.   Our Nation's seniors have worked hard their entire lives. We owe them  a secure and dignified retirement. When Congress was first debating the  Affordable Care Act in 2009, I heard from seniors who had split their  pills in half or would forgo their prescriptions altogether just to put  food on their table. This is simply unacceptable in this great country  of ours.   It is important to remember that the Affordable Care Act extended the  solvency of Medicare by more than a decade, while simultaneously  bringing down prescription drug costs for seniors. Because of  improvements to Medicare in the Affordable Care Act, the average senior  in Michigan saved over $1,000 on prescription drug costs in 2015.   While this shows the success the ACA has had in helping older  Americans, there is still much more work to do. We must keep moving  forward to strengthen and improve Medicare. I am concerned Ms. Verma  will move us backward.   During her confirmation hearing, she failed to express her opposition  to proposals that would increase Medicare's eligibility age. This means  that Michigan's construction workers, nurses, and autoworkers would  need to spend more years on their feet before they see the coverage  they have earned.   Ms. Verma provided no clear direction on what she will do to  strengthen the Medicare Program, and I am concerned that she sees older  Americans as just one more line on a budget. These Americans have  worked hard their entire lives, and the very last thing we should be  doing is making cuts at their expense. Instead, we should focus on  proven advances in technology that improve Medicare and cut costs  without jeopardizing care for seniors and disabled individuals.   I worked with my colleagues in Congress to introduce bipartisan  proposals that will do just that. For example, Medicare spends one out  of every three dollars on diabetes treatment. The total economic cost  of diabetes is estimated to be $245 billion every year. I have  introduced bipartisan legislation that allows Medicare to enroll  individuals at risk for developing diabetes into medical nutrition  therapy services proven to decrease the likelihood they will develop  diabetes in the first place. I have also introduced bipartisan  legislation that expands Medicare's use of telemedicine, increasing  access for patients in rural and underserved communities and bringing  down future health costs by ensuring patients get the preventive care  they need to stay healthy.   I will keep working to improve and modernize our healthcare system  without sacrificing care for the most vulnerable. Unfortunately, I do  not believe Ms. Verma shares this commitment. I am voting against Ms.  Verma's nomination because our seniors and working families deserve a  CMS Administrator who is fighting to improve their healthcare, not one  who merely sees them as a budgetary obligation.   I will oppose her confirmation, and I strongly urge my colleagues to  do the same.   Mr. President, I yield 35 minutes of my postcloture debate time to  Senator Wyden.    I yield the floor.   