 Mr. President, I was just listening to my friend, the  Senator from Tennessee, and I think there are things we can do to  improve the healthcare system and the Affordable Care Act. I am glad  that the House soundly defeated the so-called TrumpCare bill, RyanCare,  whatever you want to call it, but many of us have called for more  competition in the exchanges through things like a public option. Also,  I think all of us can agree that we need to reduce the skyrocketing  costs of prescription drugs, and I think there are other things we can  do. I welcome that discussion.   Mr. President, I am here now to talk about something else that is  currently being done to help millions of Americans save for their  retirement, to provide for a secure retirement. I know all of us have  been involved over the years in debates about how we can strengthen our  retirement security program for all Americans. We really have a three- legged stool here. One is Social Security. That is a bedrock of our  retirement system. We need to make sure that we strengthen it, and we  need to make sure that it is there for all future generations.   Second, many Americans have the opportunity to have a retirement plan  through their employer where their employer guarantees them a certain  defined benefit, a certain income stream when they retire.   And the third leg of this stool has been Americans' private savings,  and we want to encourage more Americans to put aside those funds so  that they can care for themselves and their families when they are no  longer working.   That is what brings me to the floor today. Many big employers-- including, I should say, the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of  Representatives, and the government--provide their employees with  things like 401(k) plans. These are ways that people can put aside some  of their income as they earn it, but put it aside tax-free for their  retirement. And many millions of Americans--again, especially those who  work for large employers--have that benefit. But if you work for a  smaller employer or even a midsized employer, there is a very good  chance that you do not have easy access to those 401(k) plans, to those  retirement vehicles that are so essential to saving for retirement. In  fact, there are about 55 million Americans, according to studies by  both the AARP as well as the Brookings Institution--about 55 million of  our fellow Americans who do not have access to those 401(k) vehicles  and other kinds of savings vehicles through their employers.   So in response to this problem, a number of States--five States, to  be specific so far, including the State of Maryland--and some  municipalities have come up with creative solutions that allow small-  and medium-sized employers--those who are not currently offering those  retirement vehicles directly--these State plans allow their employees  to put aside a little money for their retirement and get the same tax- preferred benefits as people who work for big companies.   The reason small and medium-sized companies don't always provide the  [[Page S2091]]  same retirement savings accounts as big companies is that it can impose  a burden and costs on those small employers. So States have developed  these other creative platforms to do it.   In my State of Maryland, this was an incredibly bipartisan process.  Republican State legislators and Democratic State legislators came  together and put together this State plan. The Republican Governor of  Maryland, Governor Hogan, signed the legislation.   Today, about 1 million Marylanders--including a lot of young people  who work for startups and other small businesses that don't have the  wherewithal to provide these retirement savings platform--are  benefiting by platforms which have been created to put money aside for  their retirement. People are taking personal responsibility for their  retirement. People who didn't have that opportunity before through  their employers now have this vehicle to do it. It doesn't cost the  Federal Government one penny. Taxpayers at the Federal level don't have  to put anything in it. It is relatively low cost for the States and  municipalities as well. They have to just create a platform, and they  have people from across their States or municipalities benefiting from  them.   In order for States to do that, they needed one small change in  Federal law. Under the administration of President Obama, the  Department of Labor made this fix to the Federal law which allowed  these States and municipalities to develop these platforms that helped  millions of Americans benefit from these tax savings accounts--just  like, I would point out, every Senator in this body has access to those  kind of savings accounts.   So I have a very simple question: Why in the world is it somehow a  priority for this Senate to take away the access States have given to  their residents and deny them that opportunity to take personal  responsibility to put aside funds--tax-preferred funds--in these  savings accounts to plan for their future? Why would we come down and  say we are not going to allow this to happen anymore? I thought this  was the kind of experimentation we want to see at the State level and  this is the kind of savings that we want people to do to take  responsibility for their own retirement. Yet here we are about to come  down with a big foot and say: No, you can't do that.   I am trying to figure out who is opposing this. I have been looking  in my office for letters from people who are actually going to take  responsibility for coming forward to say they want to deny this  opportunity to save for millions of Americans--an opportunity that  every Senator here has. It is easy for us. We are part of a big  employer, the U.S. Government. We have 401(k) accounts, and so do  people who work for big corporations. We need to extend that same  opportunity to people who work for small employers and midsized  employers that don't have the capacity and wherewithal to take that  upon themselves, but they want their employees to benefit from these  vehicles. So they have worked with States and municipalities to allow  it to happen. Why would we ever want to pull the plug on that and deny  our fellow Americans those opportunities to save for their future?   I can't figure out for the life of me how this somehow became a  partisan issue here in the Congress. It wasn't partisan in the State of  Maryland. Everybody got together and worked this out. Everyone agreed  this was good for the people of Maryland.   So I ask our colleagues here to look at this as an opportunity to  help encourage activities in our States that allow people to take the  personal responsibility for their future that we are asking them to do.  I ask all of our colleagues, really, to take a close look at this and  to try to figure out why it is a bad idea to encourage States and  municipalities, working with local employers--both small and medium- sized employers--to do what we have done in Maryland, what other States  are doing, and what States can do going forward if we don't come down  and slam the brakes on this innovative idea to help more Americans put  aside money for their retirement.   Thank you, Mr. President.   