 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SELF DRIVE  Act, which will improve transportation safety, stimulate economic  growth, and ensure we are embracing the full potential of technological  advances in the automotive industry with respect to autonomous  vehicles.   I am especially proud that my bill, the ACCESS Act, has been included  in this important legislative package, which ensures that self-driving  cars are  [[Page H6675]]  developed with seniors and the underserved in mind.   Approximately 20 percent of Floridians are over the age of 65, and  many struggle with simple tasks most of us take for granted, such as  getting to work, going to the doctor, taking a trip to the grocery  store or across town to visit family.   Self-driving cars hold the power to safely put seniors and our  constituents back in the driver's seat of their lives, providing them  with greater independence and mobility. I urge all my colleagues to  support the passage of this very important bill.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  to add $5 million to expand the Visa Security Program which will fund  two more high-risk visa security posts in the most volatile parts of  the world.   The global threat of radical Islamic extremism is very real and  requires a robust vetting system to ensure those seeking to do us harm  do not enter our borders.   Despite success in our efforts to destroy ISIS, we know hot spots  around the world serve as a breeding ground for radical ideology. That  is why expanding our visa security program is paramount.   In 2010, I questioned then-Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano  about why the Visa Security Program hadn't been accelerated and  emphasized the need to take prompt action to bolster screening  capabilities overseas.   It remains a priority today. The Visa Security Program is a vital  part of our antiterrorism efforts, and its success is essential because  if we are not safe, nothing else matters.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc amendment  and the underlying bill.   