 Mr. President, you might think that for the last 7 years,  the major complaint people had about the Affordable Care Act was that  it hurt rich people, because they seem to be the only people who stand  to gain with this Republican Senate healthcare plan. They get a giant  tax break. The rest of America, on the other hand, is in trouble.   With TrumpCare, healthcare will cost more, and 22 million people are  going to lose their healthcare altogether. Some healthcare bill. To put  this in perspective, imagine if everyone lost their healthcare in  Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Alaska, West Virginia, Ohio, Idaho, and Wyoming.  That is what TrumpCare does. That is 22 million Americans. It also  devastates one of the best healthcare programs this country has.   With this bill, Medicaid is going to lose nearly $800 billion. If  your only worry is that your investment income gets taxed at 3.8  percent every year, you can breathe a sigh of relief. Let me drill down  on that because one of the most egregious tax breaks in this bill--and  this is mostly a tax cut bill and not a healthcare bill--is the  following: If you are making $200,000 as an individual or $250,000 as a  couple, capital gains income is currently taxed at 3.8 percent. If you  are making $200,000 as an individual or $250,000 as a couple and you  have capital gains, not regular income, it is taxed at 3.8 percent.  This bill zeros that tax out. This bill zeros that tax out. On top of  that, it is retroactive. Think about the absurdity.   Here we are. I am looking at the Senator from Pennsylvania and how  much he has advocated for children and especially for children with  disabilities. I am looking at the Senator from Connecticut and the work  he has done for people with chronic diseases and mental health  challenges and the resources we need for that. And in the middle of a  supposedly oriented toward healthcare piece of legislation, we are  giving a retroactive capital gains tax cut to people who make over  $250,000 a year in combined income. It is absurd. It is not a  healthcare bill.   If you have a loved one in a nursing home, if you are pregnant or  thinking of having a baby, if your kid has a disability that requires  costly care, if you work two jobs but your employer doesn't provide  health insurance, then this bill does not take care of you. Instead of  less taxes, you get less care, and you are going to pay more for it.   This is what happens when legislators don't have committee hearings  or they refuse to meet with patients, doctors, nurses, advocates, their  own constituents. There have been so few townhalls about healthcare.  There have been so few real Senate debates about healthcare.   I have seen every single Democratic Member of the Senate come here  and  [[Page S3771]]  talk about this piece of legislation. I have seen every single  Republican Member of the Senate talk about legislation that they are  proud of. I have seen very few people on the Republican side of the  aisle come down and talk about this bill because they know it is not a  good piece of legislation.   At this point, we are not even debating healthcare policy. It is not  a question of what is the best way to get people to sign up for  insurance or how we can lower premiums and deductibles or how we can  improve the delivery system; it is a question of how many people are  going to lose their healthcare so that insurance company CEOs can  continue to make millions of dollars a year. That is literally what is  in this bill. Those are the conversations we are having--nothing  related to reforming the healthcare system or getting people more  coverage for less but, rather, tax cuts for people who are involved in  the healthcare industry.   How many grandparents are going to get kicked out of nursing homes?  It is not a rhetorical question. My wife's grandmother was in a nursing  home 2 months ago. It was a beautiful facility. They took great care of  her. They had three beds, three nursing home beds. I think the normal  reimbursement is about $9,000 a month. They took wonderful care of my  wife's grandmother. They won't exist. That nursing home and all the  nursing homes like it won't exist if there is an $800 billion cut to  Medicaid. This is not a theoretical conversation. This isn't even a  partisan conversation. Everybody has nursing home beds in all of their  home States. Everybody at least ought to know some middle-class people  who rely on Medicaid for nursing homes.   CBO gave us the answer today. Too many people are going to be locked  out of the healthcare system if this bill goes forward, and all for  giant tax cuts.   Look, our healthcare system is not perfect. Changes need to be made,  but this bill is just not it. It has no clear guiding principle other  than slashing Medicaid to pay for tax cuts. We have to start over.   I am looking at the Presiding Officer, who was a speaker of the house  in North Carolina and understands how to do a bill on a bipartisan  basis. I am thinking of the numerous Republicans who are capable of  working on a bipartisan bill that can get 60 votes.   By the way, the politics would change because if we worked on a bill  that could get 60 votes, we would be in a wonderful position--the  Senate is set up to encourage us to work together--because if we abide  by that 60-vote threshold and we come up with a bill together, we would  own the American healthcare system together. We don't get to play this  blame game about what is happening with premiums or what is happening  with coverage numbers. We actually, on the level, collaborate.   When you think about a bill or an issue that used to be as partisan  as public education, we had Lamar Alexander and Patty Murray come  together. Heck, in the last Congress, we had Jim Inhofe and Barbara  Boxer do a bill together. It is possible for us to do a bipartisan  piece of legislation.   The decision was made to go with reconciliation, and that is  backfiring because the problem with not involving Democrats is that  there are Democrats across the country. The problem with not involving  experts is that you end up with a product you can't defend.   What we really need to do is take a breath, take the Fourth of July  weekend, and reconvene as a Congress--not as Democrats and Republicans  but as Americans who understand that our healthcare system is not  perfect, that it is in need of improvement, but this bill doesn't get  it done.   I yield the floor.   