 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Sessions for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is such an interesting thing to listen to. Our  friends on the other side of the aisle have characterized the reason  that we are here today is because of a blunder in proofreading. Well,  it is simply an obtuse argument.   There are three criticisms of the bill:   One is the name change. Good grief, hardly a proofreading error. This  title may be cited as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That is section  11000(a). According to the Senate Parliamentarian, it falls out. That  is not a proofreading error.   The second criticism is the Cruz amendment, the language that was  offered in terms of 529 plans. This was offered on the Senate floor.  This was not a part of a conference committee or some late-night  scheme. This was openly debated.   Our friends on the other side of the aisle, in the other body, chose  not to pursue a point of order at that time. They chose to do it last  night. It is their prerogative. But that is not a proofreading problem,  nor is the issue as it relates to endowment language. This came out of  the Senate Finance Committee. But what is interesting to me, Mr.  Speaker, is how familiar our friends on the other side of the aisle are  with mistakes.   Do you remember the 1099 mandate that came out as a result of  ObamaCare?   A huge negative impact on small business, that they had to work with  us and others and the President--then-President Obama--in order to  remedy.   Do you remember the risk corridor changes that were signed into law  by President Obama?   Do you remember the delays by blog posts late on Friday afternoons-- to my recollection--when the administration reached the conclusion that  the bill was in knots, they couldn't figure out a way to move forward,  and they said, ``Let's delay it and let's announce that quietly''? Or  decisions not to enforce the law itself?   But the biggest mistake of all was obviously the rollout of the  website, which was a complete disaster that even friends on the other  side of the aisle can't defend.   With that said, there are going to be technical corrections to this  bill, just without question. But I think what we should do is recognize  that, speak to that, acknowledge that, and not characterize procedural  matters as proofreading errors. It is not an argument that I find  persuasive.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this measure.   