 Mr. President, I rise to engage in a colloquy with my  colleague the senior Senator from Texas.    Mr. President, I think a little background will be  helpful. The Social Security Administration has promulgated a rule  regarding when its employees should be sending names to be added to the  NICS system. The NICS system is the system by which a person, when they  are added to it, may not legally possess a firearm.   The rule has been finalized, but it has not yet gone into effect. It  is scheduled to go into effect on December 19 this year. I wish to say,  I think the rule has the right intention. Under Federal statute, the  NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 stipulates that every quarter  each Federal agency must send to the Attorney General any information  it has showing that any person is disqualified from possessing a gun.   Each agency also has the responsibility to correct or update any  information it sends to the Attorney General. There is no question the  Social Security Administration has a duty to send information to the  NICS system.   The purpose of the rule is to send to NICS the names of individuals  who are dangerously mentally ill and thus are not legally entitled to a  firearm. There are some protections that are provided in this rule. For  instance, under the rule promulgated by the Social Security  Administration, a third party cannot get a gun owner declared mentally  ill without the gun owner's knowledge or consent. Under this rule, the  individual has to file a disability claim for himself or herself.   The rule provides some mechanisms for individuals to challenge their  inclusion in the NICS system if they wish to do so. There is serious  disagreement and confusion about some other very important aspects of  this rule.   For instance, I have heard from advocates for people with  disabilities. They are very concerned that the list of mental  illnesses, for instance, is to too expansive and might very well sweep  in people who have mental health issues but are not at all dangerous to  themselves or to others.   These advocates for people with disabilities have also expressed the  concern that the rule doesn't require that a medical professional  actually be involved in the determination of whether a person is  dangerously mentally ill.   These disability rights advocates raise the concern that an agency  bureaucrat without any medical expertise could potentially add someone  to the NICS system without a doctor being involved and without that  person being in any way dangerous.   These advocates also argue that there is not a sufficient process for  individuals who are wrongly denied their Second Amendment rights. For  instance, under the rule, it appears it could take years for an  individual to adjudicate this question if there was a case of mistaken  identity or they were deemed to have a mental health issue that they  challenged. It could take years for them to resolve. All that time they  would be disqualified from owning a firearm. Even if that individual  prevailed and it turned out that the Social  [[Page S1157]]  Security Administration had mistakenly put them in the NICS system,  their legal fees would still have to be incurred by the individual,  despite the fact that they had no responsibility for this.   I agree something ought to be done in this area, but I am not fully  confident this rule gets it exactly right. My preferred outcome here,  my ideal, would be for the Social Security Administration to produce a  new rule--one that takes into account these legitimate concerns that  have been raised, especially by people in the disability rights  community. I would look forward to working with the Social Security  Administration, and I could very well support such a rule, and I would  support such a rule if they addressed these things properly.   I would further say that we have time to do this. As I mentioned  earlier, while the rule has been finalized, it has not yet gone into  effect. It doesn't go into effect until December 19 of this year. We  have over 10 months to reconsider and get this right.   Some have suggested, wait a minute, we will never have a chance to  redo this if we pass the Congressional Review Act, which repeals this  rule because it will preclude the Social Security Administration from  promulgating a new version of the rule.   People say that because the Congressional Review Act states that if  we enact this resolution of disapproval ``a new rule that is  substantially the same as such a rule may not be issued.''   It is my opinion that a new rule issued by the Social Security  Administration that addresses appropriately the concerns I mentioned  would certainly not be substantially the same as the current rule. It  would be a very different rule. Since it would not be substantially the  same, it would be permissible under the Congressional Review Act for  the Social Security Administration to correct these flaws and come up  with a new rule.   I want to ask the senior Senator from Texas, the majority whip and a  member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is it your opinion that if  subsequent to passage of the Congressional Review Act with respect to  this rule, if the Social Security Administration promulgated a new rule  that met the standards I have set forth, that in that case, the new  rule would not be substantially the same as the current rule and  therefore would not be precluded by passage of the Congressional Review  Act; is that the opinion of the Senator from Texas?    I thank the Senator from Texas for joining me in this  discussion. We certainly share the view about the possibility of a  future different rule, and I look forward to working with the Senator  from Texas as well as people at the Social Security Administration to  achieve that.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   