 I would.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I rise to discuss the Trump administration's effort to undo the open  internet order. Together we must protect net neutrality and ensure that  all content on the internet receives equal treatment from broadband  providers regardless of who owns the content or how deep their pockets  are.   Two years ago, American consumers and businesses celebrated the FCC's  landmark vote to preserve the free and open internet by reclassifying  broadband providers as common carriers under title II of the  Communications Act. The vote came after the SEC received nearly 4  million public comments, the vast majority of which urged the agency to  enact strong rules protecting net neutrality.   Consumers urged the Commission to protect their unfettered and  affordable access to content. A wide range of advocacy organizations  pressed the Commission to ensure that broadband providers couldn't pick  and choose which voices and ideas would actually reach consumers. Small  and large businesses alike asked that the internet remain an open  marketplace where everyone can participate on equal footing, free from  discrimination by companies like Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T.   The FCC responded by establishing rules that are strong, clear, and  enforceable; rules that prevent broadband providers from blocking or  throttling lawful online content, and rules that stop providers from  charging websites for access to fast lanes.   Perhaps, most importantly, the FCC implemented these rules within the  time-tested legal framework that allows the agency to respond to  challenges to net neutrality that arise in the future. Following the  commonsense path I have long urged, the FCC recognized that broadband  access is a title II service--a classification that the DC Circuit has  upheld and had previously signaled was necessary in order to establish  strong rules.   The FCC's vote to implement strong net neutrality rules was an  important victory for American consumers and for American business, and  that victory demonstrated the overwhelming power of grassroots activism  and civic participation. In 2014, millions of Americans from across the  political spectrum organized to ensure that their voices were heard,  and in the process, they redefined civic engagement in our country, but  in the 21st century, that kind of participation requires an open  internet, a place where people can freely share information and engage  in meaningful public discourse.   Because of net neutrality, a handful of multibillion-dollar companies  cannot bury sites offering alternative viewpoints or attempt to control  how users get their information. Because of net neutrality, people from  across the Nation can connect with each other, share their ideas on the  internet, and organize a community effort.   I have always called net neutrality the free speech issue of our time  because it embraces our most basic constitutional freedoms.  Unrestricted public debate is vital to the functioning of our  democracy. Now, perhaps more than ever, the need to preserve a free and  open internet is abundantly clear. That is why I am so concerned about  Chairman Pai's proposal to gut the strong net neutrality rules we  fought so hard for.   Tomorrow, the FCC will vote officially to initiate a proceeding to  undo the open internet order, but, importantly, American consumers and  businesses will once again have an opportunity to make their voices  heard. I hope the American people will contact the FCC, that they will  remain engaged and willing to speak up, and that they will continue to  use the internet to spread ideas, organize support, and ultimately  counter the deep-pocketed ISPs and the politicians who seek to  undermine net neutrality.   Two years ago, the best principles of our democracy won out. I do  believe that with the same energy and determination that has gotten us  this far, net neutrality supporters can garner another win for the  American people.   I thank the Presiding Officer for this opportunity to speak.   I yield to my good friend from the State of Hawaii.   