 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  to include extraneous material on H.R. 4667.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 670, I  call up the bill (H.R. 4667) making further supplemental appropriations  for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assistance  for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and calendar year 2017  wildfires, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H.R. 4667, a bill making  emergency appropriations for hurricane and wildfire recovery.   Parts of our Nation have been devastated by multiple back-to-back  hurricanes and wildfires that have caused tremendous loss of life,  livelihoods, and property.   Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria are three of the top five most  expensive hurricanes in the last 25 years. Combined with the horrific  wildfires that continue to rage in California, the toll that these  disasters have taken is unprecedented.   We must stand by our fellow Americans to get them the help and  resources they need to recover. To this end, this legislation provides  a total of $81 billion for crucial Federal programs that support  ongoing relief, recovery, and rebuilding.   This includes $27.5 billion for FEMA to provide relief and recovery  assistance; $26.1 billion for Community Development Block Grants for  shelter and housing and infrastructure improvements, and the means to  help large and small businesses recover; and $12.1 billion for the Army  Corps of Engineers to repair and rebuild infrastructure projects that  help protect against future disasters, building in resiliency.   The bill also includes $3.8 billion for the Department of  Agriculture, which will support critical agriculture disaster  assistance for massive crop and livestock loss.   Funding is also included to repair Federal highways and local transit  systems, to help children displaced by the storms of Puerto Rico get  back to school, and for small business disaster loans, which will allow  businesses to reopen their doors as quickly as possible.   Our Committee on Appropriations will continue to monitor these  recovery efforts to ensure accountability, transparency, and that every  dollar is spent wisely. From Florida and Texas, to Puerto Rico and the  U.S. Virgin Islands, to California, and all areas dealing with major  disaster declarations, this Congress is committed to helping you.   Congress has already provided $51.75 billion in two separate  supplemental bills for these ongoing efforts. With this third tranche  of emergency funding, it will bring the total funding for fiscal year  2018 emergency response to $132 billion. This funding is desperately  needed by thousands of American families, individuals, and communities  to rebuild their homes and businesses, restore electric power and  critical infrastructure, and to protect against further damage. It is  the duty of Congress to provide this help to our fellow Americans in  their times of need.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to thank everyone who came  to leadership and to the Appropriations Committee to make sure that  Congress is getting the assistance to those hurricane and wildfire  victims that they urgently need.   I would also like to thank the clerks and professional staff and the  chairs of the 12 Appropriations Subcommittees for their working  tirelessly to bring this bill to the floor and, may I say, nearly 30  others this year.   It is time to get this emergency aid to those who need it. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill and this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Culberson), the chairman of the Commerce, Justice, and  Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Carter), the chairman of the Homeland Security  Subcommittee on Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Calvert), chairman of the Interior, Environment,  and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart), the chairman of the Transportation,  Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), the chairman of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), the chairman of the Water Resources and  Environment Subcommittee of the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Barletta).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from California (Mrs. Mimi Walters).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, this bill--put together after eight public hearings,  input from all Governors, all Members of Congress, and all Delegates,  especially those who represent Texas, Florida, Louisiana, Puerto Rico,  the Virgin Islands, and California--represents a fair and a  compassionate treatment of all hurricane and fire victims.   Like the first two emergency supplementals put together by our  leadership, our committee, and Congress, we acted within days to help.  I ask that we do it again this afternoon without delay. Get this $81  billion disaster package into the hands of the States, the territories,  and the communities that continue to suffer.   Let me associate myself with the remarks of our majority leader.  Let's get the money into those communities that have been suffering.  That money is going to the Virgin Islands, it is going to Puerto Rico,  and it is going to Florida, Texas, and California. There has been no  discrimination at all.   This bill has been put together with the cooperation of all the  chairs and ranking members, and it deserves to be acted on promptly.  People are suffering. Let's get the money out the door to help them as  we have done in the past on the first two supplementals.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1370.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 670, I  call up the bill (H.R. 1370) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002  to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of  Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part  of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other  purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present the House amendment to the  Senate amendment to H.R. 1370.   This legislation keeps the government fully open, funds important  national security priorities, and temporarily extends critical  government programs like the Children's Health Insurance Program, the  National Flood Insurance Program, and section 702 of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act.   Our duty to the American people is to keep them secure and to ensure  they have access to the government programs and services they depend  on.   The House must pass this bill now, today.   Without acting on this bill, existing government funding will expire  tomorrow, and the government will shut down. This legislation provides  a simple, clean extension of current funding levels through January of  2018.   This additional time will allow House and Senate leadership to  complete their negotiations on overall spending levels. Once that is  determined, my committee will complete negotiations with the Senate on  all 12 appropriations bills for the rest of fiscal year 2018.   In the meantime, it is essential that Congress maintain government  programs and services--for our Nation's stability, the stability of our  economy, and for the security and well-being of the American people.   This bill also supports national security by providing an additional  $4.7 billion in emergency funding to bolster missile defense, to  protect against growing threats, and to repair damaged Navy ships.   In addition, the bill also includes $2.1 billion in mandatory funding  for the VA Choice Program. This funding will guarantee that our  veterans continue to have access to the medical care they need and  deserve.   Along with important funding for our Armed Forces and veterans, this  bill contains temporary extensions of several critical programs that  millions of Americans rely on. These include the Children's Health  Insurance Program, the National Flood Insurance Program, and section  702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, again, I would like to thank the 12  Appropriations chairs, our 12 clerks, and the very professional staff  of the Appropriations Committee for working overtime to bring this bill  and others before the House today.   We cannot delay on passing this critical legislation, funding the  government, protecting our Nation, and extending essential programs  that hardworking Americans rely on every day.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Oregon (Mr. Walden), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1  minute.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Tennessee (Mr. Roe), the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' to keep the government open for business, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   