 Mr. President, I stand in support of the child tax credit.  It is something that this bill goes a long way toward promoting.   This is a great day in the sense that the Senate is moving forward  with promoting the interests of the American family, doing something to  weaken, to soften the impact of a little known feature called the  parent tax penalty.   A lot of people are familiar with the marriage tax penalty in the Tax  Code. It is a pernicious feature, one that punishes people for getting  married, one that can produce a series of adverse effects simply by  saying ``I do.'' That is wrong. Most Americans acknowledge that it is  wrong. This bill goes a long way toward undoing that.   There is a different thing called the parent tax penalty that, like I  say, is less understood, less frequently discussed than it should be.   Here is how the parent tax penalty works. It is a basic function of  the interaction between the Federal income tax system on the one hand  and our Federal senior entitlement programs, on the other--Social  Security and Medicare.   Here is how it works. Imagine two hypothetical couples, couple A and  couple B. Couple A and couple B are identical in every respect but one,  and that is that they are identical in their income patterns,  charitable contributions, mortgage interests, so on and so forth,  except for one characteristic. Couple A has four children, and couple B  chooses to remain childless.   Over the course of their lifetimes and while raising their children,  couple A will, on average--according to what some have described as  lowball estimates produced by the U.S. Department of Agriculture--incur  around $1 million in childrearing expenses, just the cost of raising  their children. Couple B, of course, being childless, will not incur  those same expenses. At the same time, they are paying more or less at  the same tax rate. There are a few differences in the existing Tax  Code, but nothing to offset the disparity between the two couples in  the sense that couple A, while incurring this $1 million in  childrearing expenses while they are raising their children, is also  paying into Social Security and Medicare. They are also paying taxes,  and they are not having their contributions to this solvency of Social  Security and Medicare adequately taken into account.   In other words, because Social Security and Medicare are funded on a  pay-as-you-go basis, we have to remember that it is today's workers who  are paying the retirement benefits of today's retirees. It is today's  children who will be tomorrow's workers who will be funding the  requirement benefits under Social Security and Medicare of today's  workers and tomorrow's retirees.   This is what the parent tax penalty is all about. You see, the  Federal Tax Code doesn't adequately take into account the enormous  contribution of working parents and contributing toward the solvency  and sustainability of Social Security and Medicare.   This is why a little over 4 years ago, back in 2013, I started  pushing this idea of the need to increase the child tax credit to help  soften the impact of the parent tax penalty. This is not, to be sure,  something that is intended to incentivize or compel parenthood. That is  not our purpose at all. This is not social engineering.   It is one thing for the government to tell people they have to do  something or to incentivize them to do another. It is quite another  thing to simply tell people: We are going to punish you less for  bringing about the possibility of sustaining Medicare and Social  Security, for bringing children into this world, and raising tomorrow's  generation of workers who will pay for the Social Security and Medicare  benefits of today's workers and tomorrow's retirees.   This is important, and this is something that I am thrilled to see as  part of this tax reform package. This tax reform package does, in fact,  increase the child tax credit to $2,000 per child.   What I would like to see, and what I have been working on with  Senator Rubio, is also to increase the refundability of the child tax  credit, to move that refundability all the way up to $2,000 per child  and make it refundable up to the amount of taxes paid, including  payroll taxes--in other words, up to 15.3 percent of earnings.   What this would do is it would result in an effective cut in the  payroll tax liability of middle-class, hard-working American moms and  dads, some of whom might see their payroll tax liability exceed their  income tax liability. They are still paying taxes.   Tell a construction worker or a secretary or a police officer that he  or she is not paying Federal taxes simply because their biggest tax  liability is found in the payroll tax. In this circumstance, this  amendment is needed in order to give these people significant tax  benefits under this bill.   It is important to remember that some 70 percent of the benefits  under this bill go to America's corporations and 30 percent to  individuals. It is our desire to help spread out some of the benefits  of this and to help spread it out, in particular, to America's hard- working middle-class moms and dads.   Now, the Rubio-Lee amendment, in its current formulation, would  involve a very slight adjustment to the corporate tax rate, taking it  from 20 percent to 20.94 percent. This is not an enormous difference.   This reminds me a little bit of a story that I first heard told by  Emo Philips. Emo Philips described himself as walking across the Golden  Gate Bridge one night very late. He was alone on the bridge, or so he  thought, until he got to about halfway across the bridge when he  discovered he was not alone. He found somebody else standing on the  outside of the guardrail of the Golden Gate Bridge.   Emo said: I could tell right away that this man was in trouble, and  the thought occurred to me that maybe this man is thinking about taking  the unfortunate step of ending his life by jumping off the bridge.   Emo said: I stopped and asked the man the first thing that came to  mind: Do you believe in God?   The man said: Yes.   Emo said: Me too. Are you a Christian?   The man said: Yes.   Emo said: Me too. What denomination are you?   The man said: I am a Baptist.   Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern Baptist or a southern Baptist?   The man said: I am a northern Baptist.   Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern fundamentalist Baptist or a  northern reformed Baptist?   The man said: I am a northern fundamentalist Baptist.   Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern fundamentalist Baptist,  conference of  [[Page S7696]]  1857 or a northern fundamentalist Baptist, conference of 1812?   The man said: Northern fundamentalist conference of 1857.   Emo said: Die, you heretic. And he pushed him off the bridge.   The point here is that sometimes we have to acknowledge that very  minor differences between us do not make us heretics.   There is a very minor difference between a corporate tax rate of 20  percent and a corporate tax rate of 20.94 percent. But that minor  difference would make all the difference in the world to America's  hard-working moms and dads, many of whom are on the very cusp of where  many parents find themselves, especially while their children are  young.   Imagine the construction worker, police officer, or school teacher  who are just making ends meet and who realize that if they were to take  themselves out of the workforce, they might be able to receive  government benefits that they are currently not receiving. They might,  in some ways, find their quality of life going up, at least in the  sense that they wouldn't have to go to work. We don't want them to have  to do that, you see, because when they get into that circumstance, they  might forgo other career opportunities.   Without that job, there will not be the next job, the next promotion,  and the next promotion after that. They might find themselves trapped  in a web of poverty, held down by the very government programs that are  there to help them.   That, in turn, might contribute to this growing expanse of the  Federal Government and might inhibit economic growth.   You see, sometimes we have to remember that America's ultimate and  most important investor class is not necessarily just those people  gathered around the boardroom. They are often in maternity wards or at  the altar in a church saying ``I do.'' Sometimes the most important  investments we make are in those children whom we rock to sleep at  night, whom we raise to be the next generation of taxpayers, the next  generation of contributors to our great society.   This is why making sure that the child tax credit is there for them,  is available to them, and is refundable up to the amount of taxes paid  is so important.   These are not freeloaders. These are not people who would be seeking  a welfare benefit, because the only benefit available to them under  this child tax credit would be there for them only to the extent that  they have been working and paying taxes, paying into the system. This  is an imminently reasonable request.   In any event, this is a great moment in the very sense that we are  having this conversation, in the very sense that we are poised right  now to increase the child tax credit to $2,000 per child. This would go  a significant way toward offsetting the parent tax penalty.   It is my hope and my humble request that my colleagues will heed this  call to make it even more meaningful by making the child tax credit  refundable up to the amount of taxes paid, including payroll taxes.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   