 Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to the bill.    Mr. Chairman, I believe the bill before us today is a  well-intentioned attempt to create a process which would minimize the  risk of fire along electrical utilities' rights-of-way. Yes, there are  some problems with the bill, but my most significant objection is that  this bill, our Natural Resources Committee, and this Congress refuse to  act on the urgent need to address how our U.S. Forest Service deals  with wildfires.   The Forest Service burned through more than half of its budget last  year fighting wildfires. Yet our leadership won't bring to the floor  for a vote a bipartisan legislation that deals with the problem of  ``fire borrowing.''   In the 114th Congress, just such a bill, the Wildfire Disaster  Funding Act had 151 cosponsors--67 Republicans, 84 Democrats--but it  never even got a committee hearing. So that is disappointing, and even  irresponsible.   So, once again, the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management  are going to go into this fire season knowing that they don't have the  resources to do the work necessary to mitigate wildfire damage on U.S.  public lands.   In a recent report on fire suppression costs, the Forest Service  reported that funding available for recreation, heritage, and  wilderness had fallen 15 percent; funding for roads is down 46 percent;  facility spending, off 68 percent; deferred maintenance outlays have  been slashed by a disastrous 95 percent.   Mr. Chairman, in my two terms on the Natural Resources Committee, we  often debate and fret about how little money is available for  maintenance of our public lands, the deferred maintenance. The  diversion of these funds for wildfire suppression is among the many  causes.   Non-fire-related staff has been cut by 39 percent since 1998, and  over the last two decades, the cost of fire preparedness and  suppression activities has grown from 62 percent of the Forest  Service's total budget, to more than half--52 percent.   That shift has come at the expense of programs and staff that every  American wants: staff on recreation, permits, timber sales, hunting,  and fishing. Everything else is suffering because of our inability to  deal in a constructive way with wildfire mitigation.   So now is the time that we address wildfires to be treated as the  major disasters they are and for the efforts to put them out, to be  eligible for disaster assistance, and not subtract it from funds that  land managers need to do their daily jobs.   So my very simple one-sentence amendment simply says that no money in  this bill--this bill will not divert legitimate wildfire mitigation  money more to wildfires than is already there.   I urge you to vote ``yes'' on my amendment so, at the very least, we  can prevent this bill from detracting from further Federal wildfire  suppression efforts.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank my friend from Florida for his  support for this sensible amendment, and I hope that we can proceed.   I yield back the balance of my time.   