 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am going to speak only for a few minutes  so that we can have the vote occur at 5:30, on time. I wanted to say  that I am pleased to be here to support Governor Nikki Haley as our  Ambassador to the United Nations.   The United Nations is at a crossroads and really needs someone who is  very reform-minded for the United States to lead our efforts in that  regard. That not only would benefit U.S. interests, but candidly it  would benefit the world. She is someone who has shown that ability as  Governor of South Carolina.   She also has a clarity about her as it relates to representing U.S.  interests. People on both sides of the aisle in our committee were able  to recognize that her instincts relative to where the United States  needs to be on certain issues--I think most of us understand that the  United States leading on issues of human rights, leading on issues of  conscience, that the American values we all hold dear and want to  promote around the world are things that she has the ability to  communicate and cares deeply about, and I think people were very  impressed.   The United Nations has multiple issues relative to peacekeeping that  have not been addressed. Sexual exportation and abuse by peacekeepers  have been rampant, and things have not been done in that regard to  curtail that activity or at least not in the ways that they should, and  I know she is very passionate about that issue.   There is no question that she is not the most adept person at foreign  policy. She would be the first person to say that. She has spent most  of her time out of the country solely on economic development trips. I  think where the United Nations is today is at a place where we need a  really driven person who cares about our own U.S. national interests  but also has the ability to break through the clutter and reform.   She has worked with legislators to bring people together, to make  that happen in her own State. She has had an exemplary record in that  regard. My guess is that is really the first effort that needs to take  place. Over time, through the relationships she develops there, the  travel that will take place, I am absolutely certain--especially with  the drive that she has--she will develop some of the other capacity  that I know she will want to utilize there at the United Nations.   I am here to recommend her. I look forward to supporting her. Our  committee did so in a voice vote with only two dissents.   In spite of the fact that I am disappointed that we are handling our  Secretary of State in a manner that is not in keeping with bipartisan  precedent, and in spite of the fact that we  [[Page S430]]  are not going to handle that in a way that we should and could today,  through a vote on that, I am appreciative of the minority leader  allowing this vote to take place today, and I am glad she is going to  be confirmed overwhelmingly as our United Nations Ambassador.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   