 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Montana for his  efforts to see that this legislation gets passed. I am pleased to see  that we have been joined in a unanimous way by the Senate, Republicans  and Democrats working together to see that our veterans receive better  care.   In addition to the Senator from Montana, I thank Mr. McCain, the  Senator from Arizona, who is joining us on the floor. I also thank  Senator Isakson in particular, the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, for his leadership in seeing that we are here today to bring  this legislation across the finish line.   The House passed legislation similar to this, so this is an  opportunity for us to get an accomplishment--not for a pat on our backs  but for the improvement in the care of those who served  [[Page S2164]]  our Nation. I asked this question on the Senate floor before: Of all  the people in the United States, who would you expect to get the best  care possible? While we want every American to have high-quality care  and access to medical treatment, we certainly want to make certain  those who served our country and to whom a commitment was made that  they would receive care--we want that commitment fulfilled, and we want  it done in a way that is advantageous and easy for our veterans.   The Senator from Montana is correct. The Choice Act is a significant  improvement, in my mind, for accessing care. Kansas is not quite as  large as the State of Montana, but we are a large rural State, and it  is a long distance to a VA hospital. So Choice was brought into play to  try to alleviate the backlog, the lack of providers within the VA, and  the wait times that veterans faced, but also to try to satisfy the  needs of veterans who live long distances from a VA facility.   So Choice is in place, but it still has been a difficult time for  many veterans across the country and certainly at home. It is the most  common conversation I have when I am back in Kansas. In fact, I had a  townhall meeting in southwest Kansas, in Dodge City, and it is veterans  who, in the public forum, will tell me about the problems with the VA  and particularly with Choice, or they will line up after or before that  meeting to tell me in person that they need help.   This legislation does three significant things. More is to come. We  need a permanent act. This is an extension of the Choice Act that  expires on August 7, so continuing the program is the first step while  we work out the desired outcome of a long-term permanent program.   Secondly, it provides the money through that period of time. It  allows the expenditure of dollars to pay for Choice.   Third, it eliminates the intermediary--somebody separate from the VA  in paying the bills--and that reduces the bureaucracy and burden on our  veterans.   I was just looking through what we call casework, things Kansans  bring to our office to try to get solved. Front and center is the  number of veterans who are being harassed by collection agencies for  bills they thought would be paid by the VA through the Choice Program,  and they are not being paid in a timely fashion. This eliminates the  intermediary--the manager of the program--from paying the bills and  restores that authority to the VA to write out the checks with the goal  of reducing the bureaucracy and paperwork for the veterans. It also  increases the timeliness for the payment that is due the healthcare  provider--the doctor, the pharmacy, and the hospital.   Again, as a rural American, many of our providers are struggling.  Hospital doors are a challenge to remain open in rural communities  across my State. And that long wait for a reimbursement check for  services provided months ago also creates a burden on that hospital,  that healthcare provider. So timely payment certainly will benefit the  veterans, but it also increases the chances of the stability of  healthcare providers in rural communities across my State and around  the country.   Finally, it increases the ability for the sharing of medical records  between the VA and that community healthcare provider.   Choice is in place to help those veterans who need to have care more  quickly and who need to have care closer to home. This bill improves  that program and extends it, and that is a significant development. I  appreciate the opportunity I have had to work with the Senators from  Arizona, Montana, and Georgia to make sure we got to the point we are  today. I appreciate my colleagues' unanimous support for the passage of  this legislation.   I yield the floor.   