 Mr. Chairman, I extend my gratitude to Chairman  Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, Chairman Diaz-Balart, Ranking  Member Price, and all of our staff for their very hard work in crafting  the transportation portion of the underlying bill.   I am pleased that, in comparison to the President's budget, this bill  includes a $500 million increase for the Capital Investment Grant  program. This program provides critical funding to transit projects  throughout our Nation.   While this funding increase is encouraging, it is my hope that a  higher number can be agreed to in conference. The Senate Appropriations  Committee has approved a funding level of $2.1 billion, and I strongly  believe that the chairs and ranking members have demonstrated a  commitment to providing robust funding for transportation investments  to grow jobs and our economy.   I am particularly grateful for the inclusion of report language that  protects those in the queue for CIG projects and that the Senate  Appropriations Committee has also approved similar language.   I was alarmed that the President's budget sought to eliminate funding  for projects that had not yet received full funding grant agreements. I  would emphasize that 23 States currently have CIG projects, and this  language would undermine the millions of dollars and years' worth of  human capital these communities have invested.   These projects are an investment in our national economy. These  projects connect people in our communities to educational and job  opportunities and allow businesses to grow and thrive. It is absolutely  critical that we prioritize these investments in transportation  infrastructure.    Mr. Chair, I would like to extend my gratitude to  Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, Chairman Diaz-Balart,  Ranking Member Price, and all of the staff for their hard work in  crafting the transportation portion of this bill. It is an extremely  difficult year to be tasked with funding the federal government, and I  understand that tough decisions had to be made.   I am pleased that in comparison to the President's budget, this bill  includes a $500 million increase for the Capital Investment Grant (CIG)  program. This program provides critical funding to transit projects  throughout the nation. While this funding increase is encouraging, it  is my hope that a higher number  [[Page H6849]]  can be agreed upon in conference. The Senate Appropriations Committee  has approved a funding level of $2.1 billion, and I strongly believe  that the Chairs and Ranking Members have demonstrated a commitment to  providing robust funding for transportation investments to grow jobs  and our economy.   I also am particularly grateful for the inclusion of report language  that protects the pipeline for CIG projects, and that the Senate  Appropriations Committee has also approved similar language. I was  alarmed that the President's budget sought to eliminate funding for  projects that had not yet received Full Funding Grant Agreements. 23  states currently have CIG projects and this language would undermine  the millions of dollars and years' worth of human capital they have  invested. This language is a responsible step that provides much needed  certainty to communities and shows the President that Congress is  committed to keeping its word to localities that were promised matching  federal funds.   Funding CIG projects is an investment in national economic  development. These projects connect people in our communities to  educational and job opportunities and allow businesses to grow and  thrive. It is absolutely critical that we prioritize these investments  in transportation infrastructure.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman yielding. I rise  in strong opposition to the gentleman's amendment and would associate  myself with the chairman's remarks.   The gentleman indicated that there is deficit reduction involved in  his amendment. I would emphasize to all of my colleagues in this  Chamber that this account for fiscal year 2018 is already reduced by  hundreds of millions of dollars. How much more are you going to cut?   I happen to live in Gary, Indiana. I don't live in New Jersey. I  don't live in New York. What I appreciate is that the chairman, the  ranking member, the members of the subcommittee put together a national  investment bill. This is an investment in our Nation, one of the  largest Metropolitan regions and economic engine. If we fail to make  these types of investments, we are making a fundamental mistake,  particularly given the fact that during the last campaign, we heard a  lot about investing in infrastructure, and the gentleman is here  tonight wanting to further reduce that particular investment.   This is an important account to every American citizen. I support the  committee's position, and I am opposed to the gentleman's amendment.   