 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 1551, legislation supported by Republicans and Democrats, focused  on strengthening America's energy security.   This bill is sponsored and led by Congressman Tom Rice, and it  clarifies an  [[Page H4962]]  existing law dealing with tax credits for nuclear energy production and  making sure these credits work effectively for America. It addresses an  urgent problem that now poses a threat to America's energy security  and, by extension, our national security.   As a result of an uncertainty with respect to the nuclear production  tax credit, there is a risk of construction grinding to a halt on  several cutting-edge nuclear power plants in our country. Meanwhile,  our global competitors like Russia and China are pushing forward  nuclear power to bolster their own energy sectors.   Nuclear power is critical to an all-of-the-above strategy for  American energy independence and our national security. It is urgent  that we take action now to solve this issue in our Tax Code and provide  the certainty that our energy innovators need to continue moving  forward with construction. That is exactly what Congressman Rice's bill  will do.   To be clear, I would rather be standing here today to announce that  this important bill is part of overall tax reform. But the fact is that  our focus on that important goal doesn't prevent us from acting to  solve urgent problems in existing law like this.   The fact is this bill is not what Washington calls a tax extender.  That circus isn't coming back to town. This bill is a solution to a  serious and immediate problem in our Tax Code that threatens our energy  security. That is why we are moving it forward right now.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman Rice for his leadership on  H.R. 1551 and the strong support from the South Carolina and Georgia  delegations, all who have weighed in on this. And as we continue  working with President Trump in the Senate to deliver comprehensive tax  reform this year, we should pass this bill now, provide greater  certainty for our nuclear energy innovators.   