 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran) and the Senator from Alabama  (Mr. Strange).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Strange), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Strange), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been quite a few weeks now since  Harvey hit and, then, Irma. Now Maria has devastated the island of  Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Of course, my gaze has been firmly  on the devastation wrought by Hurricane Harvey back in my home State of  Texas. Yet we are joined together with those who suffered under Irma  and Maria, and we will remain steadfastly with them as we all work to  recover from these terrible hurricanes.   Last week, I rode in a Black Hawk helicopter with Russ Poppe, as well  as our Adjutant General, John Nichols. Mr. Poppe is executive director  of the Harris County Flood Control District. We were able to survey in  the air things I had seen up close during several trips back home, the  wreckage of the land and livelihoods.   It is an emotional thing for families and homeowners to basically  take all of their worldly possessions out to the front of their house  and put it in the front yard because it is completely ruined as a  result of the water, along with things like the drywall, trying to  attack the mold before it grows and makes the house uninhabitable.   We saw from about 10,000 feet in the air what we had previously seen  from the ground, but from the air, you definitely get a different  perspective on the waterlogged landscape. You see so much more. You see  the levees, the reservoirs, the areas hit. You see the damaged goods  and drywall that people have taken out of their homes as the first step  toward recovery. It definitely has an impression on you, particularly  with the size and scale of the affected area. It is really hard to  believe until you see it from that perspective.   So when I took off my headset and sunglasses--and by the way, Speaker  Paul Ryan joined us on that particular trip, and we all appreciate his  being there. When we stepped off the chopper, what I thought about was  not only what we have done so far but how much further we still had to  go. It is not just about building materials, street and roof repairs,  or even the temporary housing that people need, although all of those  things are surely important. We need to remember that the remedies are  not going to be one-size-fits-all. We need broad support, but we also  need targeted and narrow support to help people get back on their feet.  We need to keep each family in mind and what their own particular needs  may be depending on their particular circumstances.   As I started out to say, it is not just Texas we are talking about  anymore; it is Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands too. We all  remember that those places were hit by Hurricanes Irma and Maria right  after Texas was hit by Harvey.   I want to make one thing clear, though: We in Texas stand together  with our fellow Americans who suffered from Hurricanes Maria and Irma,  as well as those who suffered from other natural disasters occurring in  and around our country, and we will do everything we can to help the  people who were harmed and damaged, even devastated by these terrible  storms. We will help them fight to get back on their feet, to recover,  and to return their lives to some form of normalcy.   One way we can work together and deliver relief to different people  in different geographic areas is in providing temporary tax relief.  Now, I know this sounds kind of like a small thing to do, but if you  think about it, this is a thousand-year storm. Hurricane Harvey dropped  34 trillion gallons of water on the same area over a period of about 5  or so days. Many people were not in the hundred-year floodplain, which  is typically where you would buy flood insurance, so many people  suffered losses that were not covered by flood insurance. What many of  these folks will have to do is dip into their retirement savings and  other savings in order to help to get life back to normal. This relief  will help folks get back on their feet as they rebuild their homes and  businesses and neighborhoods in the wake of these hurricanes.   We recently passed--earlier this afternoon--a Federal Aviation  Administration reauthorization, but it also included the tax package I  am talking about now that provides this targeted relief. These  provisions will help hurricane victims in all of the devastated areas  keep more of their paycheck, first and foremost, but be able to deduct  the cost of their property damage on their tax return and encourage  even more Americans to generously donate to hurricane relief to help  their neighbors and employees.   I know this tax package is a small matter. It is not a panacea and  certainly not a cure-all, and it is not supposed to fix every storm- related problem or absolve us from honoring our ongoing  responsibilities in the days ahead. But as John Steinbeck once said,  ``and now that you don't have to be perfect, you can just be good,''  and I think these are good reforms. They will complement other measures  by the Federal Government, as well as other State and local actors.   Similar provisions were introduced in a noncontroversial section of  the FAA reauthorization bill that unfortunately House Democrats, led by  Leader Pelosi, tried to block earlier this week. Despite the delays, I  am pleased that the House acted a second time earlier today to ensure  that this relief is delivered to those who need it most--again, not  just in Texas but in Florida, the Virgin Islands, and in Puerto Rico,  which reportedly has been devastated. Now we in this Chamber seem to  have finally gotten the message, too, by passing this relief just this  very afternoon as part of the FAA bill.   Our colleague from Florida, Representative Carlos Curbelo, said  [[Page S6213]]  about the hurricane victims in his home State: ``They don't have time  to wait. They certainly don't have time to play political games.'' He  is right, and now we can say we have taken those words to heart.   So I remember what I saw from that helicopter. Now that the time for  surveying the scene has ended, what is no longer up in the air is this:  For many Texans, Floridians, and Puerto Ricans, targeted tax relief  will serve to make a difficult year just a little easier.   So I salute the House for getting the job done, and I am glad we in  this Chamber have quickly followed suit.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   