 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the continuing  effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This effort has essentially  been going on since the day the bill was signed into law. I think most  of us on the Republican side recognize the overwhelming consensus  surrounding the  [[Page S3119]]  failures of ObamaCare as a major reason we currently find ourselves in  the majority.   As you know, the House passed the American Health Care Act, a bill  that would repeal and replace ObamaCare, earlier this month. This is an  important step in the process. Later today, we expect to hear from the  Congressional Budget Office about the House bill. The CBO score will  lay down an important marker for the repeal and replace efforts in the  Senate. It will allow us to work to ensure that the House bill fits  into the constraints of the reconciliation rules in the Senate, while  we continue to strive toward our own policy goals to implement patient- centered healthcare and healthcare reforms that address cost and  promote choice and competition.   I am very interested in what they say. These changes are more  important than ever. Just today, we received a report from HHS that,  from the time ObamaCare took effect through 2017, there was an average  premium increase of 105 percent across the 39 States using  healthcare.gov. This is just one snapshot of the runaway costs of  ObamaCare, and it is just one of many examples indicating why we need  to act as quickly as possible to repeal and replace the misguided law.   As the Senate continues to discuss the policy matters related to this  effort, we will need to confront a number of different issues as we  work to provide enduring reforms for our beleaguered healthcare system.  As chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over most of the  salient issues under discussion, I want to make my views on these  matters very clear.   First, it is my view that all of the ObamaCare taxes need to go. We  should not be treating the ObamaCare taxes as a smorgasbord, picking  and choosing which ones to keep and which to discard. I don't think  there is a single tax increase in ObamaCare that has enjoyed support on  this Republican side.   When all is said and done, the tax provisions of the Affordable Care  Act represented a trillion-dollar hit on the economy in just the first  10 years. That is nearly 1 percent of the projected gross domestic  product over the same period. In my view, it would be inappropriate,  after spending the better part of a decade railing against ObamaCare's  burdensome job-killing taxes, for us to then turn around and say that  some of them are fine so long as they are being used to fund Republican  healthcare proposals.   It is very simple. We need to repeal all of the ObamaCare taxes--the  medical device tax, the health insurance tax, the so-called Cadillac  tax, the taxes on healthcare savings and pharmaceuticals, and several  others. They all have to go.   Second, we need to fully repeal the individual mandate. There has  been some talk about keeping the mandate around temporarily, if nothing  else, to help shore up the new system. But as I said with the ObamaCare  taxes, Republicans have spent years condemning the individual mandate  as an unconstitutional assault on individual liberty. We have also  argued that it was ineffective and that it has failed to draw enough  younger and healthier consumers into the insurance market in order to  offset the cost of ObamaCare's draconian market reform mandates.   I don't see how we can now turn on a dime and say that the individual  mandate is now somehow acceptable because we are using it to prop up a  system that Republicans have designed. Like the taxes, the individual  mandate, in my view, needs to be repealed. Lastly, we need to resist  any temptation to alter the tax treatment of employer-provided health  insurance as part of this particular exercise. Don't get me wrong.  There have been a number of health reform proposals over the years that  have dealt with this issue, including a legislative framework that I  drafted, along with two of my colleagues. However, given the  limitations we face in this current exercise and the fact that we are  not starting from a blank slate but rather attempting to repeal a law  that has been implemented for a number of years, we should be wary of  the impact of pulling employer-sponsored insurance into this current  debate.   The purpose of this budget reconciliation exercise to repeal and  replace ObamaCare is to address costs in the individual markets. I  believe it is important that everyone, whether they are Members of  Congress, stakeholders in the business community, or living elsewhere  in the country, manage their expectations about the possible outcomes  of this process given the limitations we are facing.   While the constraints inherent to the budget reconciliation process  may be inconvenient at the specific moment, they serve a number of  important purposes. Under this process, the Senate will need to reduce  the deficit by at least as much as the House bill. There is no way  around that. The process for determining what provisions of the House  bill will need to be changed is still ongoing. Of course, we will have  to take a good long look at the numbers we get from CBO later today.   Not only do we need to take into account the CBO numbers and the  budget rules, but we also need to consider what the best policy is,  and, at the end of the day, what approach is doable. We can do a lot in  this exercise, but we should not make this the be-all and end-all of  our healthcare reform effort.   As I said before, everyone should be managing their expectations at  this point. While we can and should be ambitious in our efforts, we  need to be realistic about the limitations that exist and be willing to  practice the art of the doable, to compromise, and to really recognize  what issues will need to be set aside for another day.   None of this is going to be easy, but I believe we are up to the  challenge. I look forward to working with my colleagues on these issues  and to finding solutions that will help us keep the promises we made to  our constituents.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Missouri.   