 Mr. President, I was saddened to learn that an American  member of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine was killed  this past weekend by a landmine. Joseph Stone was carrying out his  duties in territory controlled by Russian-backed separatists. Two other  members of the team--one from the Czech Republic and another from  Germany--were injured.   The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe controls  these monitoring teams. They are comprised of unarmed civilians. The  mission has been in the region since 2014, when, unfortunately,  Russian-backed troops invaded Crimea. Had Russia lived up to the Minsk  agreements and ceased supporting, directing, funding, and fueling  separatists in this region, there would have been no need for the  mission to continue.   Sadly, that is not the case. This particular special monitoring  mission currently fields roughly 700 monitors, with 600 of them in  Donetsk and Luhansk.  [[Page S2483]]  Those who are part of this mission are unarmed civilians. They serve as  the eyes and ears for the world in the conflict zone. They report on  the near-constant violations of the cease-fire, as well as reporting on  humanitarian needs of the population.   They play an essential role in the understanding of the situation on  the ground, often under extremely difficult circumstances and,  certainly, as we have seen with Joseph Stone, dangerous circumstances.  As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I often hear from our top  military leaders about the importance of the OSCE and the work being  done by the special monitoring missions.   In late March, for example, during a hearing of the Armed Services  Committee, GEN Curtis M. Scaparrotti, commander of the U.S. European  Command and Supreme Allied Commander in Europe, called attention to the  good work of OSCE in the region and the work of the monitoring  missions. He confirmed in his testimony that ``Russia is directing  combined Russian-separatist forces to target civilian infrastructure  and threaten and intimidate OSCE monitors in order to turn up the  pressure on Ukraine.'' He also said, ``Russian-led separatist forces  continue to commit the majority of ceasefire violations despite  attempts by the OSCE to broker a lasting ceasefire along the Line of  Contact.''   The tragic death of American Joseph Stone underscores the need for  the OSCE monitors to have unfettered access across the front lines and  across the border regions controlled by the separatists. This  unfortunate tragedy is a result of this access not being granted.   I commend the Austrian Foreign Minister, who serves as OSCE chair-in- office, for calling attention to this tragedy and calling for an  immediate investigation into these events. Those who are responsible  for the death of Joseph Stone and the injury of the two other monitors  should be held accountable.   Joseph Stone died serving his country by serving as a part of this  international effort, and I extend my condolences this evening to his  family and friends.   I once again call on the Russian leadership to put an end to the  cycle of violence and to live up to its OSCE commitments. As chairman  of the Helsinki Commission, the U.S. part of the OSCE Parliamentary  Assembly, I think it is important for Members of the Senate and for  Americans to understand the important role that Americans are playing  in this effort.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   