 Mr. President, one of the great privileges of this job and  the honor of representing Oregon in the U.S. Senate is seeing the way  Oregonians of all backgrounds and beliefs come together to support  those who wear or have worn the uniform of the U.S. military. When it  comes to honoring our veterans, Oregonians and so many across the  country think in terms of patriotism, not politics and certainly not  partisanship. There is not a Democratic or a Republican way to support  our veterans; there is an American way.   Recently, I was very pleased to join Senator Moran and Senator Tester  to introduce bipartisan legislation that would expand the presumption  to veterans exposed to Agent Orange in the Korean Demilitarized Zone.  The VA currently presumes that veterans who served in the Korean DMZ  from 1968 to 1971 were exposed to Agent Orange, but there is evidence  that veterans were exposed to toxins all the way back to 1967. Our  bipartisan bill would extend the presumption date back, making it  easier for veterans to apply for and receive care and benefits.   It is a good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. As we head to Veterans  Day, I want to make it clear that I am going to do everything I can to  make this bill law soon.   Given the fact that we will all be home this weekend, I also want to  take a few minutes to discuss another bipartisan piece of legislation  that is important to the welfare of our veterans and a proposal that  recently became law.   A few years ago, I learned that wounded members of the National Guard  and Reserve were losing out on benefits under the GI Bill for time they  spent in rehabilitation and recovery. These are men and women who put  their lives on hold to serve our country abroad, and when they suffered  injuries in the line of duty, their time spent recovering didn't count  toward GI Bill benefits, even though it did for Active-Duty  servicemembers in the same situation.   I think it is an understatement to say that is certainly a real head- scratcher, to not stand up for our Guard and Reserve to make sure they  are not losing out on benefits under the GI Bill for the time they  spend in recovery and rehab. In effect, the Federal law was adding  insult to injury by robbing wounded guardsmen and reservists of  benefits they earned and should have been receiving all along.  Estimates show that more than 20,000 servicemembers across our country  were affected.   I approached our friend and colleague from Arkansas, Senator Boozman,  and he graciously agreed to team up with me. Senator Boozman made it  clear that a fellow from Arkansas and a fellow from Oregon were going  to team up, leave the politics behind, and fix an injustice. We brought  together a bipartisan group. We worked with the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs, and we were able to get the bill across the finish line. As of  now, wounded guardsmen and reservists will get the education benefits  they have rightly earned.   Especially today, when people are asking about the divisiveness and  polarization that now consumes so much of the political debate, I  wanted Senators to know that I really appreciate Senator Boozman always  trying to be constructive and a problem-solver. And this is one problem  that is getting solved.   The law will apply retroactively, meaning that eligible veterans who  already lost out will be made whole. Because it is so counterintuitive  for servicemembers to lose benefits for being wounded--just think about  that, servicemembers losing benefits for being wounded--many of our  veterans haven't learned they were missing out. They never knew they  were missing out. That is why I am very pleased, as I know Senator  Boozman is, that our law applies retroactively to all service after the  9/11 attacks.   I think it is true that success has a thousand parents, and if I  thanked everybody on both sides of the aisle for all the work that went  into this important bill, we would be here until suppertime tonight.  But I do especially want to thank our colleagues, Senators Markey and  McCain. They lent important support along the way, as did Chairman  Johnny Isakson and Ranking Member Jon Tester. Representative Mark  Takano of California has also been an exceptional advocate in the other  body.   I also wish to give a special thank-you to MAJ Steve Warren, a  Department of Defense fellow in my office at the dawn of the process.  He is considered a real rock star in terms of working for veterans. He  did so much to bring this injustice to light and then worked diligently  toward a solution. I think it is the judgment of everybody involved  that without Steve's inspiration and perspiration, it would have been  hard to see this injustice fixed and our even being here today, as we  head to Veterans Day, to talk about it.   I close by way of saying that in this time of partisan rancor and the  back-and-forth that consumes so much of the political debate in  Washington, I think what we have shown with this piece of legislation  and its importance is that our veterans continue to be a unifying  force. This good will comes from a deep respect for the All-Volunteer  Force and for the sacrifices made by military families. It also stems  from an appreciation for the role our veterans play in so many  communities. In Oregon, our vets are small business owners, coders,  mill workers, and educators. They help students at the Youth Challenge  Program in Bend, and they help us fight fires. And suffice it to say,  this year those fires were big, they were long, they were brutal, and  we saw fires nobody could have even believed could happen, such as the  one that jumped the Columbia River.   It doesn't mean that Congress, even with this legislation, always  gets it right with respect to veterans. There is a whole lot more to be  done, particularly ensuring timely access to top-quality healthcare  through the VA or outside of it and ensuring that guardsmen and  reservists get treated fairly and equitably.   I want to say this again on the eve of our taking time out  specifically to honor veterans--although in our State, we believe that  every day is really Veterans Day--I want to renew my pledge to the  people of Oregon that I and my staff will keep working until our vets  receive the care and treatment they have earned. We hope the success of  our GI Bill Fairness Act demonstrates what can be done when the  Congress sets aside all this business of trying to point score on  partisanship and puts veterans first.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   