 Mr. President, since 2001, the Federal Government has  exploded in constant dollars from $2.4 trillion in 2000 to last year  almost $3.9 trillion in costs. Those are constant dollars. In September  of this year, just a few weeks ago, our national debt surpassed $20  trillion for the first time, and no one in Washington blinked an eye.  If that is not enough of a wakeup call, this debt is projected to  increase over the next 10 years, according to the budget we are  operating under now, by another $11 trillion. If that is not enough,  over the next 30 years alone, it is projected that over $100 trillion  of future unfunded liabilities--Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,  pension benefits for Federal employees, and the interest-only debt--are  coming at us like a freight train. These are unfunded liabilities.   Today, with $20 trillion in debt, we are only paying about $270  billion every year in interest only. I say that because just in the  last year, we have seen four increases in the Federal funds rate, which  fundamentally increases our interest by 100 basis points. That 100  basis points over the next few years will grow our interest on the debt  by more than $200 billion on top of the $270 billion. By the way, today  that is almost 25 percent of our discretionary budget, already, just at  the $270 billion. If it doubles, it will be almost half of our  discretionary budget. If interest rates just go back to their 30-year  norm--between 4 percent and 5 percent--we could be paying as much as $1  trillion on our Federal debt. That is almost equal to today's  discretionary budget.   It is going to take a long-term fix. We can't tax our way out of this  problem. We can't cut our way out of this problem, and we can't just  simply grow our way out. It is going to take a multifaceted approach.  There are five interwoven imperatives that are at work in solving this  problem. It is one thing to call the crisis, but it is another to call  out the ways to fix it, and they are all within our grasp today.   No. 1, we need to fix Washington's broken budget process.   No. 2, we need to root out all the wasteful spending in the Federal  Government today.   No. 3, we have to grow the economy by repealing and pulling back on a  lot of regulations that are unnecessary, by revamping our tax structure  and by unleashing our energy potential.   No. 4, we have to save Social Security and Medicare, of which both  trust funds go to zero in 14 short years.   Lastly, we finally have to get after the real drivers of spiraling  healthcare costs.   As we are working to change our archaic tax system to become  competitive with the rest of the world and to get our economy rolling  again, I want to talk about two things today. One is  [[Page S6909]]  this wasteful spending, and two is economic growth. These are two of  the five imperatives that I just outlined.   According to the General Accountability Office, today and also every  single year, this Federal Government wastes hundreds of billions of  dollars. It is estimated today--and this bipartisan organization has  identified this--that we are overspending about $700 billion a year.   Let's put that in perspective. As I just said, we spent $3.9 trillion  running the entire Federal Government. That is about $1 trillion for  discretionary spending and about $3 trillion for mandatory spending--so  almost $4 trillion. Of that, over $700 billion has been identified as  wasteful spending. I will describe those in a second, but to put it in  perspective, that is almost 20 percent of everything we spend as a  Federal Government. It is a larger number than what we spend on the  national security of our country. Let me say that again. The number  identified by the General Accountability Office of wasteful spending is  larger than what we spend on our military.   There are three facets to this as they outlined. No. 1 is redundant  agencies. These are agencies targeted to do exactly the same thing that  one administration or another has come in and added and that basically  do the same things. That costs about $135 billion every year.   Just since 2003, we spent $1.2 trillion in improper payments. That is  about $144 billion every year. These are overpayments--improper  payments. This is not fraud. This is not anything like that. It is  basically an administrative error, where the Federal Government has  made a mistake and made improper payments--Social Security Disability,  SNAP overpayments, unemployment insurance, and others. This is  outrageous.   The third item is that it is estimated that we have a net tax gap of  $406 billion. This is a 17-percent error rate in the IRS Tax Code. That  means that people are underpaying or not paying what is calculated,  according to the General Accountability Office. The Federal Government  last year took in almost $3.5 trillion of taxes. Yet we had this $400  billion. That is a 17-percent error rate. I don't know what else to  say. Those three things add up to about $700 billion of wasted  spending. We have to get to the bottom of this. Let me also put it in  perspective another way. That $700 billion every year is $7 trillion  over the next 10 years.   This tax package we are talking about has an initial cost of about  $1.5 trillion, as identified by both sides, before you get to the  economic growth that more than pays for it. A 0.4 percent of growth  pays for this tax package that we are working on. But this $7 trillion  of wasted spending is overspending by the Federal Government,  unnecessarily. Nobody in this body--no Democrat, Republican, or  Independent--has voted on this spending. This is spending in error.  These are just common mistakes made by an oversized bureaucracy. It is  not a partisan talking point. Both sides bear responsibility in this  debacle.   Again, these are numbers from the nonpartisan Government  Accountability Office. I am apoplectic that I even have to be here  bringing this to the attention of my colleagues. Washington knows about  these problems and has known for years--decades. Yet nothing is done. A  former Member, Senator Tom Coburn, actually worked hard on this. There  are others who are beginning to pick up this mantle here, as I am.    But as we talk about the tax package changes--the tax changes that  will get this economy growing again--I wanted us to reflect on the  opportunity we have right here that can more than pay for what we need  to do to give the middle class a tax break and get our economy growing  again. There are things identified in this report by the Government  Accountability Office. There are recommendations that can get at most  of this $700 billion of wasted spending.   Let me give you a couple of examples. If the Department of Defense  just manages commissaries more effectively, there is a $2 billion  opportunity there over the next 5 years. If the Department of Defense  weapon acquisition programs were more effective, it is estimated that  tens of billions of dollars over the next 10 years could be saved in  terms of purchasing the same level of equipment and machinery. If the  Department of Defense simply completed an audit, we believe it would  identify further opportunities for wise spending of our taxpayers'  money.   But since coming to the United States Senate, I was shocked to  understand that the largest line item on our budget has never been  audited. It is high time that we complete that audit. By the way, there  is a law that was passed in this body in 1991 requiring the Department  of Defense to submit an audit. Here we are in 2017, and we still don't  have that audit.   In my opinion, as hard as it is for the American people to earn their  salaries and to pay their taxes, it is unconscionable that I am  standing before the U.S. Senate tonight reminding us all that there is  $700 billion a year that we spend in error--just bureaucratic error.  Because of that and because of this financial intransigence, we have  built up a debt that has created a crisis in our country. Because of  these years of fiscal intransigence, we are losing the ability to fund  our government the way it should be funded.   We are losing the right to do the right thing when it comes to  funding things like emergencies and disaster relief efforts. Just a  couple of weeks ago, we passed a $15 billion relief package for two  hurricanes. Last week, we passed a $36 billion supplemental, as if  nothing had happened. Every time we do that, it is borrowed money. We  can wait no longer to solve this debt crisis. It is going to take tough  decisions to solve the debt crisis, and we are going to have to be  making these very quickly, but eliminating redundant spending, improper  payments, and eliminating this tax gap are at the top of the list.   Along with reducing our spending by almost 20 percent each year, we  need to grow the economy to solve this debt crisis. The single most  important thing that we can do to grow the economy this next year is to  change this Tax Code.   Let me remind this body that so far this year, under this President's  guidance, we eliminated over 860 rules. These were rules made by the  Federal Government that were choking the very life out of our free  enterprise system. The result of that this year alone is that in the  third quarter we have now achieved a 3-percent growth again. This is  not the Holy Grail.   Who knows what this economy should be growing at right now if we just  get Washington out of the way? Part of the way to do that is to correct  this archaic tax policy. Changing the Tax Code will mean more jobs and  higher wages for the American worker. For example, if we eliminate the  repatriation tax on our corporations--again, we are the last country in  the world to have a double tax on U.S. profits made overseas--it is  estimated by independent, nonpartisan groups, that this would mean  $4,000 to $9,000 of annual income for the average worker in the United  States.   I don't know what else to tell you, except that we are not  competitive today. We have to become more competitive. What we are  talking about here should not be partisan issues. America needs to be  competitive. We all know that.   The idea that bigger government will create more jobs has been proven  not to work. Look at the last 8 years. We have had the lowest economic  growth in the history of the United States.   As we debate how to fix this archaic tax system and become  competitive with the rest of the world, I am reminding us tonight that  we also need to get serious about cutting this wasteful spending. This  spending is not benefiting anybody. It is not providing for national  security. It is not taking care of people who need help. These are just  simply overpayments, mispayments, and they are creating problems that  should not have been created. Changing the Tax Code, as I said, is a  historic opportunity to generate growth and make us more competitive.  Eliminating this spending, which amounts to 20 percent of what we spend  as a Federal Government, is absolutely mandatory. People back home  should be demanding that.   There is a lot of heavy lifting to dig out of this debt crisis, but  these two things I am reminding us of tonight should be at the top of  the list. We simply cannot fail the American people to get this done. I  am committed to that.  [[Page S6910]]  I urge my colleagues to take seriously this opportunity we have of  changing our Tax Code. It is historic. At the same time, we have to get  serious about eliminating our redundant, outrageous, and unnecessary  spending.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the pending nomination.   The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joan  Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the  Sixth Circuit.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President. I agree with my colleague from Georgia  that we need to simplify our Tax Code. We need real tax reform. We have  seen a lot of junk built up in the Tax Code over many years, put there  by special interests that seek special deals for themselves--deals that  are not enjoyed by the American public. We should do tax reform.   What we should not do is increase our national debt and our national  deficits, and we all know that the budget plan that passed this  Senate--and just recently passed the House--has written right into it  an increase in the national debt of $1.5 trillion over the next 10  years. In other words, it is engineered right into that bill. So I hope  our colleagues who really do care about reducing our national debt will  make sure that, as we discuss this tax proposal, we do not increase our  national debt.   We should, of course, eliminate unnecessary and wasteful  expenditures, but we should not have a tax proposal that increases our  debt by $1.5 trillion and possibly more. As it appears now, that would  primarily be done to provide big tax breaks to very wealthy people and  big corporations, at the expense of everybody and everything else in  the country.   But we will have a fuller debate starting tomorrow when the House  Ways and Means Committee unveils its proposal.   