 Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about what  is going on here on the Senate floor. We were just considering the  nomination of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, trying to move him  along--a very important job--and it has taken some time. As a matter of  fact, it has taken a long time, as the Presiding Officer knows, to get  nominees from the White House confirmed by this body to run the  government.   Running the government is a very important job. We not only need  Cabinet Secretaries--which, by the way, took months for this body to  confirm. They slowed down the confirmation of the choices of the White  House to run the Federal agencies--no real explanation why--and now,  Under Secretaries, Deputy Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, Federal  judges--delay, delay, delay, delay.   We are supposed to be trying to put people in place to run the  government, which is the job of the Senate, but it has taken a very  long time to do it, and it shouldn't be this way. It shouldn't be this  way.   When we look at U.S. history, typically, enabling a President to fill  the key positions of government has not been a partisan issue. An  election happens. Yes, there could be some debate on Cabinet officials,  but you typically want to fill the government and start running the  government on behalf of the American people. It has not been a partisan  issue in America. Well, unfortunately, it is becoming a partisan issue  due to what by any measure is historic obstruction on the nominations  coming from the White House to run the Federal Government--historic  obstruction.   The people did elect us, and they elected a new President, and  implicit in the election was that they wanted us to get to work, to do  things that, in my view, are very bipartisan. What are some of those  things? Growing the economy. We haven't had 3 percent GDP growth in  almost 15 years. That is a bipartisan issue--growing the economy. So  are rebuilding our military, unleashing energy that we have in this  great Nation in enormous abundance, investing in infrastructure,  streamlining regulations that are strangling small businesses, and,  yes, enacting policies to address the spiraling costs of health  insurance and healthcare costs across the country.   Throughout history, the party in the minority understood this after  an election and would vote to confirm new members of an  administration--not just Cabinet Secretaries but Under Secretaries,  Deputy Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, and judges. In fact, the  current minority leader said the following in 2013: ``Who in America  doesn't think a President, Democrat or Republican, deserves his or her  picks for who should run the agencies? Nobody.''   ``Nobody,'' he said.   Those were wise words in 2013. I just wish he would remember them in  2017 because apparently he has forgotten those words. He has forgotten  those words, because right now there is pure obstruction in terms of  trying to seat the people to run the government.   Sometimes it is important to try to explain to the American people  what is going on here on the Senate floor because it can be confusing.  I still get confused sometimes. There are arcane rules. Let's give an  example of what just happened here right now.   We had the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the No. 2 official at the  Department of Defense. That is a pretty darn important job. After he  came out of the Armed Services Committee, on which I sit, we voted to  end debate on his nomination. The vote just happened, and I believe it  was 88 to 6, so very bipartisan.   By the way, we need people at the Department of Defense. Whether you  are a Democrat or a Republican, regardless of whom you voted for in the  November elections, most Americans want us to have good people running  the Department of Defense right now. We have very few there--very few-- because of this obstruction.   For the Deputy Secretary, the cloture vote just happened, 88 to 6.  That is a very strong bipartisan vote. In previous times, in a  Democratic or Republican administration, the Senate would normally say:  Let's move him. He needs to get over there. Let's unanimously agree to  moving that nomination more quickly so he can help run the Department  of Defense--a pretty important job.   Well, unfortunately, we are not in that era right now. So what our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been doing for every  single nomination for this administration is now we will have an  additional 2-day waiting period, an additional 30 hours of debate.  Those are Senate rules, but normally on someone this noncontroversial,  those rules get waived. But we have a minority leader who wants to drag  out every single official from being seated. He really hasn't explained  why. I haven't heard an explanation why. But it is happening for every  single official--three to four days on one official. Someone did an  estimation that if they keep this up, if they do this for every single  Senate-confirmed job, it will take 11 years. It will take 11 years to  seat the officials in the Trump administration. How is that helping the  American people? It is not. Yet, nobody comes to the floor to explain  why they are doing it. The press doesn't report on it.   Let me provide some other facts on this issue. Normally, when we  waive these rules, we can have a voice vote. For a noncontroversial  nomination like the Deputy Secretary of Defense, as we just had,  normally that would be voice-voted.   At this point in President Obama's Presidency--so the first 6 months  of his Presidency--the Senate had allowed more than 90 percent of his  nominees to be confirmed by simple voice vote. The Senate asked for  procedural votes only eight times on eight nominees--that was it--in  the first 6 months of President Obama's administration. That was  actually normal. Democrats or Republicans would do something along  those lines.   For the Trump administration's first 6 months, the minority leader  and his colleagues have demanded cloture votes for every single  nominee, no matter what the position, no matter how noncontroversial,  no matter how bipartisan. The courtesy extended to President Obama to  get his team together so that he could run the country has not been  extended here. That is just a fact.   Let me give another fact. According to the nonpartisan Partnership  for Public Service, at about this point in President Obama's first  term, he had 183 of his nominations confirmed--183. Getting people in  their positions in government to run the country--it doesn't matter  what party you are in; this is to run the country. But while President  Trump's administration at this point has made 178 nominations to the  Senate, only 46 have been confirmed. So for President Obama at this  point, 183 nominations were confirmed; for this President, 46. This is  historic obstruction.   No one comes here and says: Why? Why are you doing this? What is the  point? What is the point?   This isn't by accident. The head of a leading Democratic think tank  told the press recently that they intended to hold up, delay, tie up  floor time for every single nomination for Senate-confirmed positions.  But what they don't do--they don't say: And here is why.   Why do they want to do that? It is not going to help us grow the  economy. It is not going to help us with infrastructure. It is not  going to help us rebuild our military when we keep the Deputy Secretary  from coming in to his position.   Just last week, we had a judge who was nominated from the State of  Idaho, a district court judge who was confirmed unanimously, and it  took almost the entire week to get him confirmed on the Senate floor  because the minority leader was delaying, delaying, delaying--even  someone who got 100 percent of the Senators to vote for him. Again, it  is not clear why they are doing this.   Some of the other noncontroversial nominees that are being delayed  are the Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs and  two nominees to review pipelines and other projects at the Federal  Energy Regulatory Commission. Do you think we  [[Page S4018]]  need that for our country to grow the economy? We do.   These are important positions to do the work of the Federal  Government. Yet they are all delayed, and nobody in the press even asks  any questions. This is historic obstruction right now, and no one is  even asking: Why are you doing it?   It would be great to have the minority leader come to the Senate  floor and tell us why. I want to know why. I want to grow the economy.  We need these people in positions of authority to help us do the  things--bipartisan things--that the American people sent us here to do,  not delay, not obstruct.   Something else is happening on the Senate floor right now. It is not  just the historic obstruction of nominees. The other side, for whatever  reason, is now deciding they are going to shut down any movement of  anything on the Senate floor. Let me give one example, which is  actually quite important.   A lot of what we do here moves by what we call unanimous consent on  the Senate floor. There are rules to move things. It can take a lot of  time. But a lot of times the leadership of the Senate will get together  and say: OK, we can have a unanimous consent agreement to move things  faster. It is not just nominees. Sometimes it is actually legislation.  As a matter of fact, a lot of things move on the Senate floor through  unanimous consent, which is, essentially, a voice vote where everyone,  all 100 Senators, say: We agree with that. It is a bill that is really  important, very bipartisan. Let's move it. Let's move it fast. It came  out of committee. It is not controversial, but maybe it is important,  so let's move it.   For whatever reason, it still doesn't explain to the American people  why the minority leader would say that we are not going to move  anything by unanimous consent right now either. Not only will we hold  up every nominee as long as possible--even the noncontroversial ones-- nothing is going to move in the Senate by unanimous consent.   Again, why? How does that help the American people? How does that  help the American people when you are just blocking things?   