 Mr. President, I listened carefully this morning to the  statement made by the Republican majority leader, and I was a little  bit curious as to what he was trying to say because he talked about a  judicial nominee who rated unanimously ``well qualified'' by the  American Bar Association, who received kudos from Republicans and  Democrats alike, including Members of the Senate, who went  [[Page S612]]  through the Senate without a hitch, and then he couldn't understand why  there would be more questions asked now for another appointment.   I was puzzled. I thought he was talking about Merrick Garland. We  remember him, don't we? Merrick Garland was, of course, President  Obama's nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.   Senator McConnell this morning said repeatedly: So what has changed  since the first time Judge Gorsuch came before the Senate? Senator  McConnell, what has changed is you, what you did when Merrick Garland's  name was sent up. For the first time ever in the history of the U.S.  Senate, Senator McConnell denied a hearing and a vote to a Presidential  nominee to the Supreme Court. It never happened before, not once in  history. And if you think, well, maybe the Democrats didn't have a  chance to show the same steel will, the same political determination,  in the last year of his Presidency, Ronald Reagan nominated Anthony  Kennedy to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. He sent the nomination  down to the Senate. I believe Senator Biden was the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee at the time. There was a Democratic majority. In  the last year of Reagan's Presidency, a so-called lameduck year by  Senator McConnell's description, the Democratic majority in the Senate  gave President Reagan the respect of honoring his constitutional  responsibility to fill the vacancy and sent Anthony Kennedy to serve on  the Supreme Court. So Senator McConnell has asked what has changed. He  has changed. He has changed the Senate.   And here is the good news for him. We are not going to forswear our  own demands that a Presidential nominee for the Supreme Court is  deserving of a hearing and a vote. I said that over and over again when  Merrick Garland was being stonewalled by Senator McConnell and the  Republicans in the Senate. I will say it again. I do believe the  President's nominee has a right to a hearing and a vote. That nominee  also has a responsibility to show us that he is not only qualified to  serve on an important appellate court but to serve with a lifetime  appointment to the highest Court in the land.   On Tuesday night, President Trump announced he would nominate the  Tenth Circuit Court Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. It is  important to put that nomination in context. This is not a run-of-the- mill nomination. It is an extraordinary time in America's history.  President Trump's announcement was actually supposed to happen today.  Why was it sped up? Why did they hurry it up? Well, because of the  avalanche of criticism being heaped on the Trump administration for  their Executive orders on refugees and immigration. They had to change  the subject. After dozens of legal immigrants were detained at airports  over the weekend solely because of their country of origin, including  children, seniors, interpreters who helped our troops, Federal courts  stepped in to block the President's Executive order.   We have done some research, and we are going to do some more. We  think this is the first time in the history of the United States that a  new President within the first 10 days had an Executive order stopped  in the Federal courts. It shows how controversial that order was, that  the Federal courts would step in with this brand new President and say:  Stop. This has to be weighed as to whether it is legal or  constitutional.   Then on Monday there was the unprecedented firing of an Attorney  General who refused to defend President Trump's unlawful Executive  order in court. President Trump moved up his Supreme Court announcement  to try to change the headlines. In doing so, he made it even more clear  how critical it is that we have an independent judicial system, not a  rubberstamp for the President. It's especially vital at this moment in  our history.   President Trump and his agenda are likely to come before the Supreme  Court eventually. From his violations of the Constitution's emoluments  clause to his unprecedented Executive actions, President Trump is  likely to keep the High Court busy. We need Justices on the Supreme  Court who are truly independent.   President Trump's announcement came 10 months and 15 days after a  White House announcement about another Supreme Court nominee I  mentioned earlier, Judge Merrick Garland, perhaps the most well- qualified, mainstream, independent nominee to come before the Senate.  Merrick Garland is a son of Illinois, a good man, and an outstanding  judge. Judge Gorsuch himself once described Judge Merrick Garland as  ``among the finest lawyers of his generation.''   Merrick Garland was subjected to unprecedented obstruction by Senate  Republicans and Senator McConnell. Republican Senators simply ignored  their constitutional responsibility to consider this nomination, for  political reasons. It was worse than a filibuster.   Do you remember the time when Senator McConnell and a number of  others in the leadership said they would not even meet with the  President's nominee--would not even give him the courtesy of a meeting?  Merrick Garland was the first Supreme Court nominee in our Nation's  history to be denied any consideration by the Senate--no hearing, no  vote--nothing. It was shameful.   I took an oath of office to support and defend the Constitution-- every Senator does--and to bear true faith and allegiance to it. I take  it seriously. Even though my Republican colleagues chose to ignore  their responsibilities when it came to filling that Supreme Court  vacancy in an election year, I know we have a constitutional  responsibility to give Judge Gorsuch a hearing and a vote. I will do my  due diligence as a Senator and give his nomination fair consideration.  That is what the advise and consent responsibility of article I,  section 8 of the Constitution requires.   If my Republican colleagues complain about the process for Judge  Gorsuch, just remember that no one ran a worse process on a Supreme  Court nominee than my Republican colleagues themselves did for Merrick  Garland. They really have no right to complain.   Now that President Trump has nominated Judge Gorsuch, Senators will  embark on a thorough review of his record. He was confirmed to the  Tenth Circuit in 2006, but the level of scrutiny is far higher  for Supreme Court nominees and lifetime appointments to the High Court.  He now has a lengthy judicial record which we will review carefully.    There are parts of his record that already raise questions and  concerns. In recent years, we have watched the Supreme Court transform  into a corporate Court, where all too often cases seem to break for the  big corporations, regularly against the little guy. We need a Supreme  Court that gives the American people a fair shot against corporate  elites, corporate special interests. Judge Gorsuch's record as a judge  and advocate raises concerns as to whether he would hasten that trend  toward a corporate court.   I note that yesterday, Reuters published an article entitled ``As  Private Lawyer, Trump High Court Pick Was Friend to Business.'' The  article said that while Judge Gorsuch was in private practice, he  ``often fought on behalf of business interests, including efforts to  curb securities class action lawsuits, experience that could mould his  thinking if he is confirmed as a [Supreme Court] justice.''   During his time on the bench, Judge Gorsuch appears to have a  consistent pattern of favoring companies over workers in cases  involving employment discrimination, worker safety, and other matters.  That is why we need to carefully review his record.   Judge Gorsuch must also answer important questions about his views on  issues of fundamental importance to American people, such as our right  to privacy. Is there anything more important? Almost on a daily basis  we are being asked if we are ready to give up a little more of our  privacy. We know that corporate interests and business interests are  collecting data on us. We can find it every time we log on to the  Internet and there is this cascade of ads on the side of the page  asking us if we want to buy something that we just happened to buy a  couple months ago. We know as well that information is being catalogued  carefully and being used by business interests to promote their  products and to categorize us as Americans. We also believe--I think  there are even some Republicans who  [[Page S613]]  believe--that individuals have a right to privacy when it comes to the  overreach of the Federal Government and when it comes to critical  decisions so important to our personal lives. At that last  heartbreaking moment when a family member has to decide about the  medical care for someone who is nearing death, is that going to be  subject to a court order or is that going to be a decision made  privately by a family? At that moment when a family faces the pregnancy  of a teenage girl in the household, is that a family decision or is  that a decision where government has the last word? The Supreme Court  decides this, and we need to ask Judge Gorsuch what he thinks and  understand clearly what he says.   We also believe that when it comes to our security--not just our  privacy but our security--the Supreme Court time and again will have  the last word. When it comes to the issue of safety, health, and  environmental protection, where will this new Supreme Court nominee be?  Is he going to bend toward the corporate interests and look the other  way as we face climate change, the pollution of streams, the  contamination of our drinking water, and dangers to our public health?  If he is going to rule consistently for the corporate interest no  matter what, he certainly doesn't, as far as I am concerned, represent  the values we need on the Supreme Court. He needs to answer questions  as well on immigration, privacy, campaign finance, and voting rights.   Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch professes to be an originalist.  Let me address that for a moment. I have been with the Judiciary  Committee for quite a few years. Time and again, whether it is the  nominee for Attorney General or nominees for the High Court, here is  the cliche we are given: We are just going to apply the rule of law,  whatever the law says. That is what we do. We are originalists. I call  that the robotic view of justice; that if you just plug in the facts, a  computer can tell you the answer because a computer compares it to the  law. Yet we know better. We know judges make decisions based on a  variety of concerns, and they weigh some facts more carefully and give  some facts more strength than others. This rule of law by robotic  justice is a fiction. We know that each nominee, whether from a  Democrat or Republican, brings views to the Court that will decide how  many cases will lean.   Judge Gorsuch has to answer the questions forthrightly. There is a  cottage industry of teaching nominees to give thoughtful nonanswers to  important questions. That will not cut it for me or many of my  colleagues. The American people want honest, candid candidates for the  bench.   We know Judge Gorsuch is the hand-picked nominee by President Trump  and has been lauded by rightwing organizations all over the United  States. They hope he will be a dependable vote in their favor, but he  has to demonstrate--to me and to many other Senators--that he will be  prepared to disappoint the rightwing if the Constitution and law  require it.   Since the confirmation of Justice Clarence Thomas in 1991, Supreme  Court Justices have had to show they can pass the threshold of 60 votes  to get confirmed. I expect nothing less from this nominee. Justice  Elena Kagan, nominated by President Obama, received 63 votes; Justice  Sonya Sotomayor, nominated by President Obama, received 68 votes;  Justice Sam Alito had a cloture vote where he received 72 votes and  subsequently received 58 votes for his actual confirmation; Justice  Roberts, 78 votes; Justice Breyer, 87; Justice Ginsburg, 96.   Judge Gorsuch has a burden to bear. He has to demonstrate that he is  a nominee who will uphold and defend the Constitution for the benefit  of all of us, not just for the advantage of a privileged few.   I take my constitutional responsibility very seriously when it comes  to the Supreme Court. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I am  reviewing the record and preparing questions to ask the nominee. It is  going to take some time. It usually does, several months. But my  Republican colleagues have kept this seat vacant since February of last  year, so they don't have any basis for arguing and complaining that we  just have to move on this really fast.   I am sorry we are not considering the nomination of Merrick Garland,  an eminently qualified mainstream judge who deserved better treatment  than he received from Senate Republicans and Senator McConnell. No one  deserved the treatment Merrick Garland received.   With my oath to support and defend the Constitution in mind, I will  consider Judge Gorsuch's nomination pursuant to the Senate's role of  advise and consent. I will strive to be thorough, fair, and focused on  the important principles I have discussed today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, there is a provision in the law which  allows the Congress to review regulations within 60 days after they are  written and decide up or down. That is what we are doing here.   This is about the stream rule that has a direct impact on mining  operations, particularly coal mining operations. This has been a battle  that has been going on for decades--decades--trying to establish a fair  environmental standard for those in mining operations. Efforts have  been made, some with limited success. Courts have thrown out earlier  versions. So the Obama administration decided they would tackle this.  They spent 6 years rewriting 380 pages of rules. Over 150,000 public  comments were solicited and received.   This is a pretty controversial matter, as you can tell. I have been  amused by the critics of this rule who said: Well, Obama just did that  as he was going out the door. No. They worked on it for years. There  were, as I said, over 100,000 public comments. It is not easy. It is  tricky and it is challenging, but they produced it. Now today the  Republicans in the Senate and the House want us to wipe it away.   What difference would it make? If you don't live next to a coal mine,  do you think, well, what difference does it make in my life?   I listened to Jeff Merkley, my friend from Oregon, talk about the  streams and the rivers. Maybe I don't fish, and I don't care. I don't  go out camping, either, and I haven't been hiking. Whether the fish are  alive or dead or the streams are polluted or not, who cares? I guess  some people feel that way. I don't, even though I don't use our natural  resources as much as some. But there is a bigger issue here. This is  not just about whether there will be fish alive in the stream or the  lake.   Let me tell you what that issue is. The issue is the safety of our  drinking water. Do you know what is going on when these mining  operations dump all this debris into the streams? It rains. Water is  flowing. The stream water goes downstream. Now follow the water from  the dumping of the mining operations to the chemicals included in that  dumping--arsenic, for example. As it goes downstream, it doesn't just  kill the fish. In my State, 1 out of 10 people in Illinois depend on  those internal river and stream sources for their drinking water. If  you don't have honest, realistic, and safe standards when it comes to  drinking water, you have decided to up the risk of the people who are  drinking the water that comes out of the tap.   I think that is a problem. Have you had a conversation with your  family at any point about what is going on? Why do we have so much  cancer in this area? Why do we have so many problems in this area?  Could it be the drinking water? We have asked that question ourselves  in our own area of Central Illinois, and many other families have asked  the same.   If we take the approach which we are being asked to today and wipe  away the safety standards for the water that is ultimately flowing into  the taps where we drink it, shame on us. Shame on us. Is it too much to  ask the mining operations not to dump their trash into the streams? Is  it too much to ask  [[Page S629]]  them to restore vegetation after they have chopped off the top of a  mountain in West Virginia? In Illinois, I can tell you the strip  mining, which went on for years and decades left a lot of areas of  beautiful farmland in Illinois forever blighted.   Whatever happened to the coal companies that stripped off that land,  took the coal, and left the mess behind? Long gone. You couldn't find  them if you wanted to.   What Senator Cantwell has said, and we ought to remember, we believe  polluters should pay. We believe that the ultimate responsibility, when  it comes to keeping our environment clean, our drinking water safe, is  on the polluter. The Republicans disagree.   They say: Well, it is just Obama's War on Coal.   All right. If you want to bring it down to that level, then it is  Trump's War on Clean Drinking Water. That is what this vote is all  about. That is what it is all about. Shame on us if we decide to  eliminate this protection for families and run the very real risk that  the pollution in those streams could cause public health issues, as  well as the death of wildlife and fish downstream. That is why I think  this vote is so important.   This is a first. You heard what Republicans have said is the reason  American business is not growing--overregulation. You get this picture  of some mettlesome, busybody bureaucrat dreaming up some other way to  make life more difficult for people who own businesses. I will tell you  there is some of that, and I am not going to defend it, but there is  also a conscientious effort by people who are scientists to try to make  sure that those of us who are not scientists live in a world that is  safe, safe for the air we breathe, safe for the water we drink. If we  start sweeping that away, rejecting the science that proves  overwhelmingly that we are going through global warming and climate  change, rejecting the science that says the runoff in these streams and  rivers could ultimately hurt not only wildlife but ultimately hurt the  American people and the water they drink, shame on us.   Well, we will get rid of regulations, coal mining operations will  make more money, and maybe they will continue on--I am sure they will  in some respect--but will we be better off as a nation?   This is day 14 of the Trump Presidency. It seems like a lot longer to  some of us. Republicans in the Senate and the House have decided to  strike a blow for eliminating science-based regulation to protect the  public health. It is a shame, but it is going to happen. They have the  votes on the Senate floor. They are in control and now the American  families are going to ask us: Were you there? Were you standing up for  us when the safety of our drinking water was at stake?   I will be voting no on this effort to repeal this legislation.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Carper) is  necessarily absent.    Mr. President, during my time in the Congress, I have had  the privilege of visiting many other nations, often fragile or new  democracies struggling to meet the needs of growing numbers of youth  and emerging middle classes.   For example, many of the fastest growing economies are in the  developing nations of Africa and Asia. In fact, a few years ago, the  World Bank said Africa was on ``the brink of an economic take-off.''   Such economic gains should be welcome news for lifting millions out  of poverty, providing better basic services such as education and  health care, and improving the lives of women.   They are also opportunities to create more markets for our goods and  services, to add to our global allies, and to reverse the conditions  that lead to violent extremism.   But for those of us who have visited many such nations, we are also  aware of a major impediment to realizing these improvements--namely  effective and clean government.   You see, too often, endemic corruption--frequently around lucrative  extractive oil and minerals--robs untold sums from generation after  generation in many of these nations.   Just look at such oil rich nations as Angola, Venezuela, Nigeria, or  Equatorial Guinea, where government after government squandered and  stole the oil wealth from its own people, far too many of whom still  live in terrible squalor.   Some of you may remember the devastating column Nicholas Kristof  wrote in 2015, ``Deadliest Country for Kids.'' Here is how he describe  Angola: ``This is a country laden with oil, diamonds, Porsche-driving  millionaires and toddlers starving to death. . . . this well off but  corrupt African nation is ranked No. 1 in the world in the rate at  which children die before the age of five. . . . Under the corrupt and  autocratic president, Jose Educardo dos Santos, who has ruled for 35  years, billons of dollars flow to a small elite--as kids starve.''   He continues: ``There are many ways for a leader to kill his people,  and although dos Santos isn't committing genocide he is presiding over  the systematic looting of his state and neglect of his people . . . Let  's hold dos Santos accountable and recognize that extreme corruption  and negligence can be something close to a mass atrocity.''   In 2008, Republican Foreign Relations Committee staff, under then- Senator Richard Lugar, released a report on this scourge, ``The  Petroleum and Poverty Paradox.''   The report from Lugar discussed the ``resource curse'' which is a  ``phenomenon whereby large reserves of oil or other resources often  negatively affect a country's economic growth, corruption level and  stability.''   Why is this important? Let me quote from the report: ``This `resource  curse'  [[Page S644]]  affects us as well as producing countries. It exacerbates global  poverty which can be a seedbed for terrorism, it dulls the effect of  our foreign assistance, it empowers autocrats and dictators, and it can  crimp world petroleum supplies by breeding instability. . . . This  report argues that transparency in revenues, expenditure and wealth  management from extractive industries is crucial to defeating the  resource curse.''   Wise words from a wise man.   And so, this report became the basis for a very thoughtful,  bipartisan law that I was proud to support which tried to tackle this  issue in a very commonsense manner.   It simply required that the SEC issue a rule requiring all oil, gas,  and mineral companies listed on the U.S. Stock Exchange to disclose  royalties, bonuses, fees, taxes, and other payments made to foreign  governments as a transparency tool for fighting corruption.   The U.S. law became the catalyst for others: all 28 European Union  member states have enacted similar legislation, followed by Norway and  then Canada, who are key players in extractive industries--further  establishing an international norm.   Moreover, a study conducted by business professors at George  Washington University and Catholic University found that increased  transparency resulting from disclosures required under the rule lowers  the cost of capital for covered U.S. listed firms by up to $12.6  billion.   So claims that this is burdensome and will result in competitive harm  to American firms are unfounded and simply untrue.   So here we are, 4 months since our intelligence services disclosed  that a former KGB official led a cyber act of war on our Nation and  democracy--and what is the priority of the Republican majority?   Establishing an independent commission to look into the Russian  attack?   No.   Taking up bipartisan legislation to tighten sanctions on Russia for  its attack on our Nation?   No.   In fact, not a single Republican has even come to the Senate floor to  discuss these grave matters of national security.   Ronald Reagan, who understood the Russian mentality so well, must be  turning in his grave to see this abdication by his party.   Instead, what is the majority party's priority?   Well, repealing health care from millions without an alternative-- and, now, trying to strip this good governance anticorruption law--one  led by a member of their own party and subject to years of debate and  input--aimed at addressing corruption that robs so much from the  world's poor--not exactly draining the swamp.   This isn't an onerous rule. It is simply a matter of disclosure,  transparency, and good governance. It is hard to understand opposition  to greater transparency.   As such, I will vote against his measure and I urge my colleagues,  especially my Republican colleagues who have made helping the world's  poor one of their endeavors to do the same, don't vote to put more  money in the pockets of the world's worst autocrats at the expense of  the world's most vulnerable.   