 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of Kevin Newsom,  formerly Alabama's solicitor general and currently the President's  nominee for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.   He is someone whom the Presiding Officer knows well, having himself  been the solicitor general for the State of Texas before he became a  U.S. Senator.   I believe Kevin Newsom to be an exceptional choice for this high  honor. I have the utmost regard for his intellect and integrity.   Kevin grew up in Birmingham, AL. He graduated first in his class from  Samford University in Birmingham and went on to graduate with highest  honors from Harvard Law School, as the Presiding Officer did.   One month prior to Harvard Law School, Kevin married his wife  Deborah. They went on to have two sons, Chapman and Marshall James, who  are now 12 and 14 years old respectively.   Kevin is no stranger to the courtroom. He began his legal career as a  law clerk on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for Judge O'Scannlain,  as well as U.S. Supreme Court Justice David  [[Page S4640]]  Souter. He has argued four cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.   In 2011 and again in 2014, Kevin was appointed to the Advisory  Committee on Appellate Rules by Chief Justice John Roberts. This is a  signal honor, as the Presiding Officer knows. He is one of only 3  private practitioners on the 10-person committee.   Currently, Kevin serves as the chairman of his firm's appellate group  and has been recognized by several national publications and  organizations for his leadership in the legal field.   As the former solicitor general of Alabama, Kevin has proved to be an  exceptionally skilled attorney. He understands and respects the law,  and I believe he will be an asset to our Nation's judicial system as a  Federal judge on the Eleventh Circuit. Moreover, the American Bar  Association unanimously gave Kevin a ``well qualified'' rating to serve  on the Eleventh Circuit--the highest possible recommendation they are  able to give.   I am confident that Kevin Newsom will serve honorably and apply the  law with impartiality and fairness, which I believe is required of all  judges. I believe that President Trump has made the right decision in  selecting Kevin Newsom to sit on the Eleventh Circuit. I am hopeful  that later today my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will vote to  confirm Kevin Newsom without any reservations.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   