 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Illinois for his leadership on this legislation.   I rise in support of H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and  Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, which will reauthorize  the Perkins Career and Technical Education program. H.R. 2353 builds on  the House's bipartisan efforts in the last Congress, when this Chamber  passed CTE reauthorization by a vote of 405-5.   The research is clear: The United States workforce is suffering a  skills gap. According to Georgetown University Center on Education and  the Workforce, by 2020, 65 percent of all jobs in the United States  will require at least some postsecondary education or skills  acquisition. Yet, if the current trend holds, by 2020, our Nation will  have more than 5 million fewer skilled workers than necessary to fill  the high-skilled jobs which will be available. In Virginia alone, that  is 30,000 open jobs; 17,000 are in the area of cybersecurity, and those  jobs have salaries starting at $88,000.   This bipartisan, comprehensive reauthorization will improve program  quality and services for students most in need of skills. It will also  update the Federal investment in CTE to provide increased State and  local flexibility, while ensuring greater accountability for program  quality.   It ensures that there remains in place a Federal focus on equity of  opportunity and the role of the U.S. Department of Education to protect  and promote the civil rights of all students and compliance with  Federal laws.   The bill also strengthens the Federal commitment to support delivery  of high-quality CTE programs by retaining the Department of Education's  full authority to approve or disapprove State and local plans.   The bill also requires Federal oversight, monitoring, and technical  assistance to support program improvement and maintains full authority  of the Secretary to enforce compliance with statutory program  requirements and Federal civil rights laws.   I would like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Krishnamoorthi) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson) for  their bipartisan leadership, and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr.  Langevin) for his leadership as the chair of the CTE Caucus and for his  dedication to realizing a comprehensive program reauthorization.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill was unanimously  reported by the committee. It has nearly unanimous support from  business groups, educators, and community stakeholders, so I urge my  colleagues to support the bill.   