 Madam President, I am here to visit about the topic of  healthcare. I will be spending time in Kansas this week, and there  probably will be no topic of conversation that will be greater than  people's concerns about healthcare. I will tell you, as I have  indicated to many of my colleagues, this is like no other issue I have  ever dealt with as an elected official in how personal the consequences  are of the decisions we make here.   While I certainly admit there is plenty of politics and partisanship  and too much back and forth that revolves around this concern about  healthcare, what I do know is, the people who visit with me, in so many  instances, are my friends, my neighbors, our kids' teachers, they are  people I go to church with, and in many instances, as they have a  conversation with me about what we are going to do in regard to  healthcare, tears begin to stream down their cheeks as they worry about  themselves but, more importantly, they worry about their family  members, their sons, daughters, husbands, wives, and parents.   This is a very personal issue. The concerns Kansans have about this  and what we might do is sincere and real. I also know the Affordable  Care Act--the law that is in existence today--is failing many Americans  as well. In fact, just this week, yesterday, we learned the company  Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City is exiting the market and  will no longer provide a product in the Kansas City area of our State,  which means, in most instances, individuals will no longer have an  option in regard to the Affordable Care Act.   What we have in place doesn't work, but I also know what has come  from the House isn't the solution to this problem either. The work we  have to do--you and I, Madam President, and our colleagues--is serious  and one that has real and personal consequences for every American, and  we must take our responsibilities seriously.   I have indicated to my colleagues that neither the Affordable Care  Act, which I voted against, nor what the House has passed, is anything  I would vote for. I really wish we were doing something different than  either one of those things.   As I thought about my remarks today, I was about to say that I  suppose I came too late to get my ideas adopted by Congress, but really  I came to this issue early, and I think it was 2004, maybe 2006, in  which, at least in my own mind, I penned on paper and worked on  drafting legislation on what I called a 10-point plan to address the  affordability and availability of healthcare.   I can tell you that my ideas, which predate President Obama's, were  nothing like the Affordable Care Act, and they really were nothing like  the conversation we are having today. I wish we would be addressing the  underlying reasons that healthcare costs so much rather than focusing  so much attention on the issue of health insurance and its premiums.   If we can drive the things out of healthcare that unnecessarily raise  the price, the cost of access to healthcare, we can make a tremendous  difference in healthcare premiums and the affordability of healthcare  for all Americans, not just trying to figure out what kind of plan we  can develop, what kind of insurance program, what kind of subsidy or  tax credit we can provide, but we would be treating the underlying  problem, not just the symptoms.   I suppose, to give a little understanding of what I am talking about,  in my view, the things we ought to consider are allowing more  competition in the market, more free enterprise opportunities, allowing  people to purchase insurance from coast to coast, expanding the support  for community health centers. These centers are already in existence.  They need to be more available in more places.   We are a very rural State, and it is hard to find those community  health centers, but they provide healthcare services to people who have  no ability to pay and no insurance. We ought to be more supportive of  community health centers, not less, providing, particularly, primary  care for people in difficult circumstances.   We also need to give small businesses and organizations the ability  to organize and create larger pools so they can negotiate for better  premiums. We need to utilize health savings accounts. We need to  support medical research. If we can find a cure for cancer, the delay  of the onset of Alzheimer's, we can save billions of dollars in our  healthcare system as well as save lives and improve the quality of life  of people who suffer from the diseases that are so prevalent.   We need to address the issue of prescription drug costs. How do we  make certain no drug company takes advantage of cornering the market or  how do we make certain they don't utilize our current laws to extend  the life of their patent, eliminating the chance for competition to  come into play and the introduction of generic medicine that can save,  again, consumers and patients lots of money.   We need to promote preventive healthcare. Wellness, fitness, diet,  and nutrition are the things that probably give us the biggest bang for  our buck and don't necessarily need to be a government program, but  people need to work at living healthier and healthier lives and prevent  diseases from occurring in the first place.   We need additional physicians and other healthcare providers--nurses  and others--and we have not put the attention into developing programs  to educate and train the next generation of medical providers. We need  to make sure Medicare and Medicaid actually  [[Page S3172]]  pay for the cost of the services they promised to pay for on behalf of  low-income citizens as well as citizens who are seniors, instead of  having the cost shifting that occurs as a result of the system we have  today, in which Medicare doesn't pay or Medicaid doesn't pay sufficient  amounts of money to actually pay for the services a patient receives  under either one of those programs.   Again, those are things that I think would be beneficial to every  American, and it wouldn't be spending our time trying to figure out how  we modify the insurance system, how we figure out about subsidies or  tax credits for people within the system. Again, I don't come late to  this issue, but it doesn't seem to be the direction we are going.   Before my time expires, one of the items I wanted to particularly  highlight is the value of medical research. I am proud this Congress  passed an appropriations bill that includes an additional $2 billion  for use in medical research for the National Institutes of Health, and  perhaps something that we can even be additionally proud of is, we did  that without spending more money. We simply--I shouldn't say  ``simply.'' Nothing is easy about it. I am on the Appropriations  subcommittee that is responsible for the funding of NIH. We reallocated  money that was being spent someplace else in support of medical  research. Again, if we find the cure for cancer, if we reduce the  onset, the time in which people suffer from Alzheimer's, if we can find  the cure for diabetes and other diseases, the lifesaving changes that  are being made through that medical research and the costs that will  accrue to our healthcare delivery system are hugely important.   I particularly commend the Director of the National Institutes of  Health for working so closely with Members of Congress and the American  people in support of medical research. Dr. Francis Collins is a  national resource. I am not a scientist. I don't understand all the  concepts that are spoken about when we talk about medical research--a  long shot from that. One of the things Dr. Collins, the Director of the  National Institutes of Health, has been able to do is explain to me and  to my colleagues and to others across the country the value of medical  research without getting me lost in the details of the actual science.  He is someone who can talk to a layperson about medical research and  science in a way that captures me, captures my attention, but I don't  get lost in the medical or technical or scientific words and jargon  that so often scientists use in having the conversations.   Dr. Collins has been so bipartisan in his approach. I smiled when I  read the story. He indicated that when he was being chosen to be the  Director of the National Institutes of Health, he called his mother  back home and indicated to her: Mom, I am going to become the Director  of the National Institutes of Health.   She said: But we are Republicans. I don't want you working for  government.   Here is a man who has used his time not working for government,  perhaps working in government, but working for the American people and  really for worldwide solutions to problems we all face in our families.   There is no American, there is no one in this Chamber whose family  has not been affected by the diseases I described and the other long  list of afflictions we have as human beings that NIH is not working to  make a difference in their lives.   We need to continue that support for the National Institutes of  Health as we pursue appropriations bills into the future, and our  ability to do that together is important and a source of satisfaction  that can come.   I have indicated, from time to time, that it is sometimes difficult  to find the things in the jobs that we have as U.S. Senators where you  get the sense of accomplishment. There are a lot of challenges in  getting things done, but the idea that we have come together to support  medical research and find lifesaving cures gives us something to take  great satisfaction in and gives us hope that what we have been able to  accomplish in this regard, as Republicans and Democrats but really as  Americans, can be a role model as we try to find solutions to other  problems. I hope that will be the case as we try to find solutions with  regard to how do we care for the American people when it comes to their  affordability and availability of healthcare.   You and I, Madam President, come from States that are very rural. In  any kind of healthcare solution that we find, we need to make certain  we are increasing the chances that hospital doors remain open in rural  communities across our States, and we need to make certain there are  more physicians, not less, there are more healthcare providers, that  nursing home and healthcare services are more available, and that  pharmacy remains on Main Street.   In fact, in the cases of our States, you could find ways, I suppose,  that reduce the cost of healthcare only to discover that you no longer  have a provider, no longer have a hospital or a physician or a pharmacy  in your hometown. Sometimes when you talk about the affordability, you  must quickly couple that with availability. Whatever its price is, if  it is not in your community, if it is not in your county, if it is not  in your region of the State, it doesn't necessarily matter what it  costs.   Our work is serious, and I look forward to working with you and my  colleagues as we try to find solutions to make certain healthcare is  something every American has access to.   I yield the floor.   