 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S3810]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, yesterday afternoon, my friend the  Republican leader announced that the majority would delay the vote on  the motion to proceed to this particular Senate Republican healthcare  bill. We Democrats take no solace in that fact. Unfortunately, the  majority seems intent on continuing their efforts to pass this  healthcare bill.   Over the next few days and weeks, I expect to see buyouts and  bailouts, backroom deals and kickbacks to individual Senators to try  and buy their vote. What I don't expect to see yet is a dramatic  rethink of the core of the Republican healthcare bill, but I am hopeful  we can get to that point.   So far, every single version of the Republican TrumpCare bill in the  House and the Senate has the same basic core to it. The details have  changed a bit around the edges, but the core remains the same in each  and every version: slash Medicaid to the bone in order to give a  massive tax break to a very small number of wealthy Americans, cut  support for Americans in nursing homes, those suffering from opioid  addiction, and those with a preexisting condition to pay for a tax  break for the wealthiest few.   The basic premise of every Republican healthcare bill so far is to  cut back on healthcare for Americans who need it most in order to give  a tax break to the people who need it the least. There is just no moral  calculus to justify it. It doesn't fix any of the problems in our  current healthcare system like high premiums, high deductibles,  counties where there are not enough insurance options, and it is not  what the American people are for. The American people are not for tax  breaks to the wealthiest of Americans, nor are they for cutting  Medicaid.   A USA TODAY poll this morning showed only 12 percent of Americans  support this bill. At a level of 12 percent, even huge numbers of Trump  supporters are opposed to this bill. The level of popular support is  not going to change one bit with a tweak that wins over this Senator or  that. A bill with this twisted idea at its core will fail time and time  again. That is why the vote had to be pulled yesterday. You can be  sure, if it were popular with the American people, it wouldn't have had  to be pulled.   I make my friends on the Republican side and President Trump an  offer. Let's turn over a new leaf. Let's start over. Let's abandon more  tax breaks for the rich. Let's abandon cuts to Medicaid, and discuss  what the American people are really concerned about: premiums,  deductibles, the cost and quality of healthcare.   President Obama invited both parties, Democrats and Republicans, to  Blair House to discuss healthcare reform in front of the American  people early in his first term as President. President Trump, I  challenge you to invite us--all 100 of us, Republicans and Democrats-- to Blair House to discuss a new bipartisan way forward on healthcare in  front of all the American people. It would focus on what you, Mr.  President, have talked about in your campaign: lower costs, better  healthcare, covering everybody--not on tax cuts for the rich, not on  slashing Medicaid. President Trump, you said you wouldn't cut Medicaid.  We don't want to either.   We Democrats are genuinely interested in finding a place where our  two parties can come together on healthcare. We want to bring down  premiums. We want to bring down deductibles too. We want to stabilize  the marketplace. We want to control the outrageous costs of  prescription drugs--another thing the President talked about in his  campaign.   There is plenty of common ground for us to come together around. We  believe our healthcare system has made important progress over the past  8 years, but it still needs to be improved in many ways. We admit the  Affordable Care Act isn't perfect. There are ways we can improve on  that law and on our entire healthcare system. So let's talk together  about how we can achieve that in a bipartisan way.   If my Republican friends abandon cuts to Medicaid, highly unpopular  with the American people; abandon tax breaks for the wealthiest few,  highly unpopular with the American people, we Democrats are more than  willing to meet with them and the White House to talk about how to  improve healthcare for the American people, how to lower deductibles,  how to provide better healthcare for more people at a lower cost  because that is what we Democrats are fighting for: the average  American family, not the wealthy few.   Today, we can turn over a new leaf and discuss healthcare legislation  the way our Founders intended our government to discuss legislation: as  a true debate between all of our country's representatives.   Yesterday, the majority leader reminded Republican Senators that if  they failed on their partisan healthcare bill, they would have to  negotiate with me, the minority leader, and by implication, our  Democratic colleagues. When did the prospect of bipartisanship become a  cudgel instead of an opportunity? When did bipartisanship become a  threat? That is not how Congress is supposed to work. Negotiations with  the minority to seek a compromise should be the first option, not the  last resort.   Let's start over and get back to legislating in a way deserving of  the grand tradition of the Senate as the world's greatest deliberative  body. Providing affordable and quality healthcare is an issue we should  grapple with, all of us together. It is one of the most important  things we can do for our country. We can do it but only if we do it  together and put the partisan ideology aside.   So I challenge the President, invite us all to Blair House. Let's see  what we can come up with. Let's try. We Democrats have, on several  occasions, sent letters to our Republican colleagues asking for  bipartisan talks on healthcare. So far we have been rebuffed. Now, with  the demise of this bill yesterday--its inability to get enough votes to  proceed--we have an opportunity to go back to the drawing board.   We are willing to debate and compromise on healthcare, but we have to  be included, and it has to be a discussion on how to actually improve  our healthcare system for the American people, not slash Medicaid to  pay for tax cuts for the wealthy. We can meet, and we can try or the  Republicans can stick to the same partisan approach on healthcare,  which so hurts working families and so benefits millionaires.   President Trump, my Republican friends, the choice is yours.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The Senator from Indiana.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we get our  full amount of time and that the time my friend from Wyoming uses be  from the Republicans' time at some point later.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no order for divided time.    Oh. So we have as much time as we need?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no order.    Oh. So we have as much time as we need?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no order.    I thank the Presiding Officer.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   