 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss Mr. Trump's nominee to  be Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Oklahoma  Attorney General Scott Pruitt.   His background with the EPA regulatory process makes him well suited  to lead this Agency. He has an in-depth understanding of the impact  regulations have on landowners, American businesses and State and local  governments. As attorney general, Mr. Pruitt has been a leader in  standing up for the rights of State governments in the face of an  aggressive EPA that has imposed increasingly costly and burdensome  regulations on the States.   During his time as the attorney general, Mr. Pruitt established  Oklahoma's first Federalism Unit in the Office of Solicitor General to  more effectively combat unwarranted regulation and overreach by Federal  agencies. General Pruitt is a strong believer in federalism and States'  rights, which have been often overlooked by the previous  administration, often to the detriment of the U.S. economy and our  environment.   I am hopeful Attorney General Pruitt will take steps to improve the  Federal regulatory process to make certain Federal regulations are  promulgated with adequate public participation, underpinned by the best  scientific evidence available and in a transparent and open manner.  Attorney General Pruitt understands the importance of taking  stakeholder, State, and local government comments and expertise into  account when promulgating regulations. He understands that listening to  and considering the differing viewpoints of stakeholders will improve  the regulatory process and lead to better regulations. This will lead  to fewer burdensome and costly regulations for South Dakota farmers,  ranchers, and landowners, while at the same time making certain we have  clean air and clean water.   The Obama EPA's process for considering scientific information was  flawed and unbalanced. There was a lack of balanced opinion, geographic  diversity in State, local, and tribal representation on EPA's Science  Advisory Board, which is tasked with providing scientific advice to the  EPA. Attorney General Pruitt understands the importance of relying on  the most up-to-date science to underpin environmental regulations.   During his confirmation hearing, he affirmed to me that he would  uphold his obligations to use the most current, accurate data and sound  science when making decisions, especially when it comes to the  renewable fuel standard. The RFS has been successful in South Dakota in  encouraging investments and creating jobs in corn ethanol production.  Mr. Pruitt understands the importance of corn ethanol to the Midwest.   Throughout his tenure as attorney general, Attorney General Pruitt  witnessed firsthand the negative impact that EPA regulations, such as  the waters of the United States rule, have on U.S. landowners and on  our business owners. He saw how incomplete economic analysis did not  account for the full impact of regulations on U.S. citizens, and the  regulatory burden was often far greater than what the EPA claimed it  would be.   The attorney general can modernize the EPA's approach to regulation  and make certain that regulations are promulgated in a deliberate,  fair, and  [[Page S1240]]  transparent process. A better regulatory process will lead to better  regulations. Better regulations will make certain our air, water, and  land is protected, our economy continues to grow, and American jobs can  continue to be created.   Attorney General Pruitt has had a rigorous vetting process since  first being nominated by President Trump. He has answered more than  1,200 questions from Senators, more than 1,000 more questions than  nominees for the EPA Administrator from the incoming Obama  administration to the Bush administration or the Clinton  administration. Additionally, his confirmation hearing was the longest  for any EPA Administrator.   I, personally, would like to thank Chairman Barrasso for spearheading  this fair and very transparent confirmation process. I would also like  to thank Attorney General Pruitt for taking the time to answer all of  the questions that were asked of him and meeting with Senators both on  and off the EPW Committee.   General Pruitt's impressive background and depth of knowledge on EPA  issues make him well suited to be the next EPA Administrator. As a  member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee and  chairman of the subcommittee which has oversight of the EPA, I look  forward to his eventual confirmation and to working with him in the  future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   