 Mr. Speaker, I have several objections to the legislation  being considered today. As with the Secret Science Reform Act, the bill  would seriously undercut the Environmental Protection Agency's ability  to use science to inform their work.   The bill would prohibit the EPA from using any scientific findings  when the EPA did not have total access to the underlying data. This  would eliminate some of the best available science from being  considered by the EPA.   Let me be very clear, there is nothing secret nor dishonest about  relying on voluminous, peer-reviewed studies published in the most  credible scientific journals in the world to make public health  decisions.   Equally problematic, the bill would force the EPA to grant full  access to any scientific data it does possess, including highly  sensitive materials like trade secrets and personal health histories.  Much has been made about the ability of the EPA to redact this  information, but there is a piece of legislation that says: By simply  signing a nondisclosure agreement at the discretion of the EPA  administrator, you can have access to all of the nonredacted  information.   We talk about the accountability of the EPA. What is the  accountability of violating a simple nondisclosure agreement? It  becomes so easy for these private health information trade secrets to  be sold for a small fortune on the black market. It certainly doesn't  make sense to provide such an easy avenue to potential bad actors.   I would also like to object to the title of the legislation and the  implication that EPA employees and scientists are somehow not honest.  Many of those folks live in Virginia, and, frankly, I am tired of  Members of Congress bad-mouthing my constituents. These are  [[Page H2540]]  hardworking public servants who have dedicated their lives to clean  air, clean water, and to our good health. And I want to reassure the  many wonderful employees of the EPA that, in Congress, we do, in fact,  appreciate your good work on behalf of the American people.   Lastly, much like the TrumpCare bill we almost considered last week,  there is no CBO cost estimate. The chairman mentions that he has asked  the CBO to use a different methodology. The last one they said was  going to cost us hundreds of millions of dollars to implement. It is  hard to imagine anything where the EPA has been required to fund or  acquire data that is not going to be unreasonably expensive relative to  anything before.    I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   