 Mr. President, the United States' relationship with  China is one of our most complicated and consequential in the world.  The United States must maintain a constructive partnership with China  to address global threats ranging from climate change to North Korea's  nuclear program. While our interests are often at odds, our  relationship with China must be built on respect, not rebuffs--on tact,  not tweets.   On the campaign trail, President Trump's rhetoric about China was as  caustic as it was hollow. He claimed that climate change was a ``hoax  perpetrated by the Chinese.'' He contended that we could not ``continue  to allow China to rape our country.'' He declared China was ``our  enemy'' and that he would direct the Treasury Department to label China  a currency manipulator on his first day in office. He said he would not  honor the ``one China policy'' without extracting concessions from the  Chinese on trade. None of these threats materialized when Trump assumed  office, of course. When rhetoric met reality, Trump retreated.   Even while he railed against China during his campaign, Trump  simultaneously extolled his deep financial ties with the country. He  credited the Chinese for much of his own personal fortune, saying,  ``I've made a lot of money with China,'' and ``I do great with China, I  sell them condos, I have the largest bank in the world from China, the  largest in the world by far. They're a tenant of mine in a building I  own in Manhattan.''   Trump is the only President in modern history who has not divested  his financial holdings or established a blind trust, and his financial  entanglements with China have grown since his inauguration. Earlier  this year, China gave the Trump Organization preliminary approval for  38 trademarks, paving the way for the President and his family to  develop a host of branded business from hotels, to insurance, to  bodyguard and escort services. On the very same night that Ivanka Trump  and Jared Kushner dined with Chinese President Xi at Mar-a-Lago, China  granted Ivanka Trump's company three new trademarks. All of this points  to the very real possibility that Trump and his family are using the  Presidency to increase their personal profit, in violation of the  Constitution, and that the-Chinese are accommodating them.   Governor Terry Branstad is far from an ideal choice for the U.S.  Ambassador to China. His record on labor rights is deeply troubling,  including his decision earlier this year to sign into law a bill that  dramatically scales back the rights of workers to bargain collectively  for their health insurance, evaluation procedures, and supplemental  pay.   However, in an administration that has put forward few qualified  candidates for public office, Governor Branstad possesses some of the  experience required for this critical diplomatic post. Governor  Branstad has worked with the Chinese and with Chinese President Xi  specifically for several decades. In his testimony before the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee, he alleged he would use this longstanding  relationship to press President Xi on the North Korean nuclear threat.  He acknowledged the importance of opening Chinese markets to U.S. goods  while recognizing the need to hold them accountable for unfair trade  practices. He claimed that he would promote American values abroad,  including human rights, the importance of a free press, and a rules- based international order.   Governor Branstad's recognition of the importance of these basic  American values, values President Trump himself does not acknowledge,  is vital in our engagements with China and countries around the world.  Governor Branstad's longstanding relationships in China suggest he may  be more responsible and disciplined in his statements and behavior than  President Trump. Given the vast array of global issues that require  China's cooperation, I hope Governor Branstad remains faithful to his  testimony and attempts to foster a productive relationship with China.  For these reasons, I support his nomination for U.S. Ambassador to  China.   