 Mr. President, I would like to take a few minutes amidst  the Senate's business to memorialize my good friend, fellow colleague,  and long-serving Senator of New Mexico, Pete Domenici. It is altogether  fitting that we may offer tribute right in the middle of a busy day.  Pete was a true legislator, the kind we just don't see all that often  any longer. He was at his best when we were here getting things done-- and often we were getting things done because of his efforts. He will  be sorely missed by those of us who had the distinct privilege of  serving alongside him.   Pete's life was a testament to the American Dream; born to immigrant  parents, Pete grew up working in his father's store before going on to  earn his degree in education. Later, he would teach math at a local  junior high school, before making his way into city politics and, from  there, join the Senate in 1972. Some will no doubt recall that he was  the first Republican elected as Senator of New Mexico in nearly 40  years, but most will remember that he always put the people of his  State and his Nation ahead of partisan interests.   While serving in the Senate, Pete fulfilled his charge with  diligence, passion, and decorum. His time here still serves as an  example to many of us. Pete was regularly willing to reach across the  aisle, always willing to take the first step, and never one to shrink  from an opportunity presented, whether difficult or not. Pete's efforts  to bring the Federal budget under control were especially admirable,  and his leadership was crucial in achieving the balanced budget of  1997. That has proven a rare accomplishment. His work as an advocate  for the mentally ill showed  [[Page S5739]]  his deep levels of compassion, and his efforts helped create a more  just and equitable society for all.   Even after he retired, Pete, as was his way, refused to rest. He  continued to promote bipartisan solutions in Washington and continued  to remind each of us of our duties to the American people. My prayers  and condolences go out to his wife, Nancy, and all of his family.  Amidst their grief, I take heart they may know that his legacy outlives  his days and that this body will be forever better for his service.   