 Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to the  arguments on moral equivalency with respect to Iran, the reality is  that this is a government that starts its morning prayers with: ``Death  to America. Death to Israel.'' The Ayatollah makes it clear he means  it.   So, yes, we should try to remove the plank from our eye, but we  should not remove our eyes from the fact that what we have in terms of  policy being directed from the Ayatollah and the Islamic Revolutionary  Guard Corps is a policy that calls for the destruction of the United  States of America.   Now, Mr. Chairman, this bill has a powerful goal, and it is to expose  the corrupt nature of the Iranian regime. But when we talk about why,  the answer is because the personnel responsible for carrying out these  assassinations, that have us concerned about carrying out terror are,  in fact, the leadership in Iran of these organizations that we attempt  to identify here. That is the job of doing terror research and cutting  off terror finance. That is what we are supposed to be doing.   This regime claims to be more than a government. It claims to be a  revolution. They call themselves the Islamic  [[Page H9871]]  Revolution. But when you look at it closely, as this bill requires the  Treasury Department to do, the regime in Tehran resembles something  else, a criminal enterprise, because, from the Supreme Leader to the  Revolutionary Guard, these so-called servants of the Revolution control  one-third of the Iranian economy because they seized it. They seized  everybody's privat property in terms of these companies. The Supreme  Leader's empire alone is worth $95 billion.    This is called the Execution of Imam Khomeini's Order, or Setad. It  holds stakes in just about every sector of the Iranian industry,  including finance, oil, and telecommunications.   These funds are not simply used to enrich Iranian officials. That is  not our problem here. It is not that they are propping up the regime.  It is thanks to Iran's lack of money laundering control they are easily  used to destabilize the entire region. That is what they are doing now  by funding terrorism abroad and fueling Iran's ballistic missile  program at home.   These ICBMs, by the way, they announce, are intended for us.   So that is why, as this bill says, the Treasury Department--and the  bill notes this--has identified Iran as a jurisdiction of primary money  laundering concern. This means that any transaction with Iran risks  supporting the regime's ongoing illicit activities, their terrorists  activities.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, Mr. Poliquin, for introducing  this bill and Chairman Hensarling for working with us to get it to the  floor.   