 Mr. President, later today we will start the process of  voting on the confirmation of William Wehrum for Assistant  Administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency's Office of Air  and Radiation. I take this time to urge my colleagues to reject this  nominee and vote against his confirmation.   The EPA Assistant Administrator for the Office of Air and Radiation  supervises national programs and policies for regulating air pollution  and radiation exposure. Notably, this office administers the Clean Air  Act.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works,  I once again find myself using my voice to say that science and public  health, not partisan politics, should drive the confirmation process.   If confirmed, Mr. Wehrum is expected to play a leading role in  dismantling climate change regulations. Since the Supreme Court  decision in Massachusetts v. EPA in 2007 ruled that carbon dioxide and  other greenhouse gases are dangerous air pollutants, OAR is the office  that accepted the endangerment finding and developed the Clean Power  Plan to address carbon pollution.   Given the Trump administration's own admission--or lack of  suppression--in the latest update to the National Climate Assessment  ``that it is extremely likely that human activities, especially  emissions of greenhouse gases, are the dominant cause of the observed  warming since the mid-20th century,'' it should be common sense to  nominate and confirm Administrators who care about our environment and  our future, including acting on climate change. It is inexcusable to  confirm those who disagree with that. I am not convinced that Mr.  Wehrum will act on carbon pollution or any other air pollutant.   It would take an extraordinarily independent Assistant Administrator  to resist the current course at the EPA under EPA Administrator Scott  Pruitt.  [[Page S7082]]  We know that we have a challenge at the top. We need as the person to  head this Agency a person of integrity who will stand up for what  science tells us we need to do in protecting air quality. I would argue  that Mr. Wehrum is not that person.   Let me go over some of the challenges we face.   For example, in January of 2017, the EPA issued itself a 6-month  extension to respond to Maryland's Good Neighbor petition. The petition  alleges that 36 powerplants in five neighboring States are preventing  Maryland from meeting its own obligations under the Clean Air Act. That  deadline expired with no EPA action on the petition.   On September 27, 2017, Maryland filed suit against the EPA.   On October 5 of this year, the Chesapeake Bay Foundation filed a  similar lawsuit because pollution from powerplants is a source of  nitrogen pollution in the Chesapeake Bay.   On October 27, 2017, the EPA denied a separate Maryland petition  asking the EPA to add nine States to the Ozone Transport Region,  alleging that these States contribute to the violation of the 2008  ozone national ambient air quality standards.   In its response to the petition, the EPA determined that expanding  the Ozone Transport Region is ``not appropriate at this time'' because  existing rules will achieve reductions in emissions. The EPA's response  states that ``better-targeted approaches, such as those under the Clean  Air Act's good neighbor provision, would be more effective in  addressing the 2008 ozone targets.''   The EPA's reasoning to deny the Ozone Transport Region petition--that  existing rules will adequately address transported pollution--is  predicated on the sincere implementation of those rules. In fact,  Maryland did utilize--we did utilize--a ``better targeted approach.''  Maryland filed a Good Neighbor petition last November that was ignored  for 1 year, prompting the lawsuit against the EPA.   Based on his professional history and testimony, I do not have reason  to believe that Mr. Wehrum will ensure that existing rules will  adequately address air pollution. While he worked at the EPA during the  George W. Bush administration, Mr. Wehrum attempted to direct the  Agency's air requirements to favor markets, earning praise from  industry groups he would later represent in private practice. How can  we ask Mr. Wehrum to objectively administer the Clean Air Act after a  career spent on one side?   Mr. Wehrum has 20-plus years working for the industry as a lobbyist.  He has a record of ignoring science in the recommendations that he  made. There are examples of where he absolutely disagreed with expert  groups--just to give one example, the Academy of American  Pediatricians' assessment on mercury and air toxins submissions. Mr.  Wehrum took issue and disagreed with their findings.   He was seen as an unacceptable choice in 2007 when he was nominated  to lead the same Agency by President Bush, and his nomination was  withdrawn over Democratic opposition. So this is not the first time we  have had a chance to deal with Mr. Wehrum for this position. In the  interim, he has only continued his work to advance industry by  advocating for weakening the Clean Air Act.   I will continue to stand up for the rights of Marylanders and all  Americans to air that is safe to breathe and a climate that is livable,  and all of us can help in that regard by rejecting this nominee.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   