 Mr. Speaker, those wondering why Republican lips are  sealed so very tight when it comes to President Trump jeopardizing our  national security, threatening our democracy, and engaging in one crazy  action after another need look no further than this bill.   You see, this is a bill to handcuff the cop on Wall Street. So many  of our Republican colleagues are so eager to shield Wall Street from  action and eventually to bestow one tax break after another on Wall  Street, that they are willing to pay almost any price in silence  concerning Mr. Trump's outrages.   As a person who voted against all of the big bank bailouts, I am most  concerned that this bill will produce only more. When the banks were  bailed out, American families paid the price, as taxpayers. They paid  the price for the recklessness that led to that unnecessary financial  crisis.   A more immediate concern is what happens to the cop on the beat, the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a new law enforcement agency that  the AARP described as one designed to hold scam artists accountable.  That is exactly what the CFPB has done. Whether it is payday lenders or  deceitful language in the fine print of financial agreements, reverse  mortgages, contracts denying consumers their legal remedies to address  wrongdoing, or many other issues, this agency has been there to protect  the consumers.   Among those most threatened that have benefited from this law  enforcement agency are our military families, who face unique financial  challenges, from illegal foreclosures, to cheating them on student  loans, to payday lenders who overcharge their families. This law  enforcement agency has been there to protect them. Today, it would be  substantially weakened by this legislation.   One of the leading examples of the success of this law enforcement  agency is Wells Fargo: fined $100 million, $85 million in restitution,  $75 million in claw-backs from executives, a CEO resigned. None of that  happened to the other banks, but Wells Fargo was caught. It was caught  because there was a law enforcement agency on the beat doing something  about it.   There are those who fought this legislation from the start, and they  won't give up on trying to undermine it.   You need only look at what happened this year in enforcement actions  to see what this agency is doing: a company failed to provide redress  for illegal collection tactics, deceived consumers about credit scores,  misstated the charges associated with pawn loans, denied consumers  access to their own money, and kept borrowers in the dark about options  to avoid foreclosure. One bit of wrongdoing after another. Why not have  a cop on the beat working for us? Some people want to have the  unlimited right to exploit consumers. This agency is the one thing  standing in the way to protect them.   I say: stop this Republican interference with law enforcement and  send a message at the same time to President Donald J. Trump that our  laws apply to him too, and ought to be enforced against him when he is  engaged in wrongdoing.   