 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 667, I  call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for  reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution  on the budget for fiscal year 2018, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend  their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill currently  under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Today, we are delivering on our tax reform promise to the American  people. For the first time in over three decades, we are delivering a  new Tax Code that provides more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger  paychecks to Americans across the country.   With this bill, a middle-income family of four earning $73,000 a year  will see a tax cut of over $2,000. Our local job creators will see the  lowest tax rates in modern history so they can invest more in their  workers and in their futures. And our businesses will finally have a  Tax Code that helps them compete and win anywhere in the world,  especially here at home.   This is our moment to make history, to make good on our promise, and  to make tax reform a reality for the first time in 31 years.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Nunes).    Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to yield 2 minutes  to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Roskam), chairman of the Tax Policy  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Tennessee (Mrs. Black), the chairwoman of the Budget Committee and  a member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from South Dakota (Mrs. Noem).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Ohio (Mr. Tiberi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Minnesota (Mr. Paulsen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the majority whip of the Republican  Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Marchant).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Reed).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Holding).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Missouri (Mr. Smith), the secretary of the Republican Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Indiana (Mrs. Walorski).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Bishop).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, there is only one fundamental question today: Who gets  to decide? When Americans work hard for their money, who gets to decide  what you do with it? Is it you? Or is it some nameless, faceless  government worker here in Washington?   When a family with young children is working feverishly to fund their  kids' future, who gets to decide how they spend their money: them or  Washington?   The single mom fighting every day trying to get by and give a good  life to her daughter, who decrees where her money goes?   When a Main Street businessowner works late into the night and  through the weekend, risking every penny they own to reach their dream,  who gets that meager profit each day? Does it go to you, who earned it,  exhausted at the end of a long day? Or is it grabbed by a Federal  Government who doesn't even know your name except on April 15?   Our communities have watched their companies, jobs, and futures move  overseas for too long. Our local businesses have been fighting other  countries with one hand tied behind their back from an old, outdated  Tax Code. They deserve a new Tax Code that allows them to compete and  win anywhere in the world, especially here at home.   When they compete and win, who decides where that money goes?   Today, Washington says spend it overseas. Our new Tax Code says bring  it home, spend it here in America to grow our jobs, our paychecks, our  communities. That is why this moment is so important.   Opponents of this tax bill don't really worry about tax cuts for the  rich. They worry about tax cuts for you because if you spend your  money, they can't. If you have the first claim over your earnings, they  no longer do. And if your dreams come before theirs, everything in  Washington changes, everything.   Given a choice between the Federal Government and you, we choose you,  the hardworking American taxpayers. We choose you, the only special  interest that truly matters.   Americans deserve a Tax Code for a new era of American prosperity. We  deliver on that promise because it is your money.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Wisconsin (Mr. Ryan), who has devoted his life to this moment and  tax reform, our Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, let's pass this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   