 Reserving the right to object, because of the decision  last night of the President of the United States to terminate the  Director of the FBI and the questions that has raised, we gathered  together--the Democratic Senators--on the floor and listened as our  leader at least suggested a path for us to follow as an institution  facing this constitutional question. We believe it is timely, and as a  result of that, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is a photograph taken today of our  President Donald Trump and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. This  photograph was taken in the Oval Office today, where President Trump  met with Mr. Lavrov. The meeting was closed to the American press. The  photo was released by the Kremlin in Moscow.   The second photo is of Mr. Trump and the Russian Ambassador to the  United States. His name is Sergey Kislyak. He was also in the Oval  Office today to meet with President Trump, and this picture was also  released by Moscow and the Kremlin.   Ambassador Kislyak's name is familiar to many Americans now--it is  familiar to me--because President Trump's National Security Advisor,  Michael Flynn, resigned because of communications he had with  Ambassador Kislyak which he tried to keep secret and misrepresented not  only to the American people but to the Vice President of the United  States.   The warm smiles and hearty handshakes President Trump gave to these  Russian officials stand in stark contrast to the way the White House  has treated three American Department of Justice officials: Sally  Yates, Preet Bharara, and James Comey.   After President Trump was elected President, he asked Ms. Yates to  serve as Acting Attorney General, and he asked Mr. Bharara to stay on  as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York and indicated  that Mr. Comey could stay on as Director of the FBI. But then it  appears that each of these three Justice Department officials were in  charge of investigations that started to become a concern in President  Trump's White House.   We heard on Monday from Sally Yates how she had informed the White  House Counsel's office on January 26 this year that Michael Flynn, the  National Security Advisor to the President of the United States, had  been compromised and could be blackmailed by the Russians for lies he  had told publicly. President Trump kept Michael Flynn on for 18 days  after that express warning by the Acting Attorney General to the White  House Counsel. He only asked for his resignation hours after the  Washington Post reported on General Flynn's false statements about his  Russian communications.   The President fired Sally Yates, the Acting Attorney General, on  January 30--4 days after she warned the White House about this  connection between General Flynn and this Ambassador.   Then there was Preet Bharara, whom the President invited to Trump  Tower to tell him he wanted him to stay on as U.S. attorney for the  Southern District of New York. Mr. Bharara's jurisdiction, of course,  included Trump Tower. The President then, in a sudden Friday evening  announcement on March 10, fired all the U.S. attorneys, including Mr.  Bharara. Mr. Bharara said he was blindsided. Why was he fired? We don't  know. But we do know that Mr. Bharara was well known as a dogged and  independent prosecutor. News reports indicate that Mr. Bharara was  investigating one of President Trump's Cabinet members, HHS Secretary  Tom Price, for insider trading.   Yesterday, President Trump fired FBI Director Comey while the  Director was in Los Angeles giving a speech to FBI agents. The Director  was not told directly of his firing. He thought initially it was a  joke.   At the time he was fired, Director Comey had confirmed that the FBI  was conducting an investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016  election and possible connections between the Russians and individuals  in the Trump campaign and administration. Last night, CNN reported that  Federal prosecutors have begun a new phase of this Russian  investigation, issuing grand jury subpoenas to associates of Michael  Flynn's, seeking business records.   Director Comey was supposed to testify before the Senate Intelligence  Committee later this week.   According to news reports, last week Director Comey went to the  Justice Department and requested more money and resources to devote to  the Russian investigation.   Sally Yates, Preet Bharara, James Comey--three Justice Department  officials who led investigations that appeared to be getting close to  the President and his inner circle. All three were then fired by  President Trump.   President Trump's firing of Director Comey made history. Not since  Watergate, on the evening of October 20, 1973--a Saturday, known  affectionately as the Saturday Night Massacre--has a President  dismissed the head of an investigation into his own administration. In  its 190-year history, only one FBI Director had been fired. FBI  Director William Sessions was dismissed for serious ethical violations,  and the FBI at that time was not investigating the Clinton  administration.   I have had my disagreements with Director Comey, judgments he has  made, statements he has made. I am not exactly his greatest fan. But I  didn't question his competence when it came to investigating. I never  called on him to be fired.   There are so many questions that need to be answered: Why was  Director Comey fired now, just as the FBI investigation of the Russian  interference of the Presidential campaign seemed to be reaching a  critical point?   Today, the White House spokesperson said that the President has been  considering firing Director Comey since the day he took office. Did the  President or anyone else in the White House  [[Page S2875]]  ask or direct the Justice Department to recommend the firing of  Director Comey? Press reports quote Trump administration aides saying  Attorney General Jeff Sessions was charged with coming up with the  reasons why the President should fire Comey. President Trump told my  colleague Senator Feinstein he had asked the Justice Department to  review Comey's performance. And Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Deputy Press  Secretary to the President, acknowledged today that the President asked  the Justice Department to put the recommendation in writing.   Why was Attorney General Sessions involved in this decision at all?  Remember, Attorney General Sessions was forced to recuse himself from  the investigation of Russian collusion with the Trump administration  because of his close connections with the Trump campaign and  communications he himself had with Mr. Kislyak and other Russian  officials.   When they made the decision to fire Director Comey, was the White  House aware that Director Comey had reportedly just asked the Justice  Department for more resources for an adequate investigation?   Perhaps the most important question of all: When will Republicans in  Congress agree to support a special prosecutor and an independent  commission to get to the bottom of this Russian collusion in our last  Presidential election?   November 8, 2016, is a day that will live in cyber infamy. It was  that election in which the Russians set out to change the results. It  is the first time we have seen an overt effort by a foreign power to do  this, and many on the other side of the aisle have taken a ho-hum  attitude--it is just another example of kids being kids. I don't think  so. When one of our major adversaries in the world decides to try to  impact the choice of the leader of the free world, the United States  should stand up take notice, and fight back. Let's not forget that a  week ago there was a hacking attack on another democratic election in  France and that all signs point again to Russia as perpetrator.   Russia has acted with impunity since its attack on our election, in  part due to the administration's refusal to acknowledge Russia's  responsibility for an act of cyber war on America and to respond  accordingly and the majority party's refusal to take serious actions  here in Congress.   In these pictures, President Trump is shaking hands with Russians,  and the Kremlin is gleefully tweeting these pictures around the world.  The President kept out the American press, but it turns out the  Russians got the photos they needed to send around the world.   The American people need some answers about what is going on here.  When will the Republicans join us in a bipartisan effort to have an  honest investigation, to follow the facts and follow the evidence  wherever it may lead, and to hold those accountable who may have been  guilty of collusion with a foreign government trying to impact the  outcome of an election?   If we read the memo that has been prepared by Deputy Attorney General  Rosenstein giving the reasons for the dismissal of James Comey, it  focuses almost exclusively on Comey's treatment of Hillary Clinton in  the last Presidential campaign. I am incredulous to think that some 10  months after the fact, the Trump administration took such pity on the  treatment of Hillary Clinton, they couldn't wait to fire the Director  of the FBI. That is the so-called good reason they are giving us, but  there is a real reason. The real reason is that it seems that James  Comey was engaged in an investigation into the Russian collusion in the  last election; that he was looking at members of the Trump  administration--specifically, General Flynn in this circumstance--and  he was also looking at whether any other individuals, involved with the  Trump campaign or not, were engaged in this activity. He clearly needs  more resources, and he wants to get to the bottom of it, and for that,  he was fired last night.   The question obviously is, What happens next? Will the American  people sit still for this? Will they accept this kind of effort to  close down an investigation that might reach into the President's own  White House? If they are willing to step back and let that happen, then  we have surrendered an important principle.   In 1973, President Nixon tried to make it clear that he could not be  held accountable to the rule of law when it came to the Watergate  break-in and coverup. He fired Archibald Cox. Others resigned because  of that firing, and the public sentiment across America was so strong  against President Nixon for trying to intervene in this legal process  that ultimately he paid a heavy price for his conduct.   I don't know whether there is any involvement by President Trump in  this collusion. I am not going to assume that. I shouldn't. In  fairness, there should be an investigation--a credible investigation-- by professionals. But shutting down the investigation by the FBI at  this point closes the door to gaining valuable information so that we  understand who was involved in this effort to undermine the American  Presidential election.   I am not standing here in defense of James Comey as a person. I do  stand here in defense of this Director of the FBI who believed, as our  intelligence agencies believed, that this was a credible threat to the  democracy of the United States and deserves a professional prosecutor's  investigation. For that reason, Comey's efforts should continue. But,  having dismissed him, let's at least hope that Mr. Rosenstein will  stand up for the integrity of the Department of Justice and do two  things:   First, give a public assurance that the investigation of Russian  collusion in our last Presidential election will continue, and at the  time, name a Department of Justice career official who will be in  charge of it until a new Director of the FBI is found.   Second, Mr. Rosenstein, as well as Senator Sessions--now Attorney  General Sessions--should not be party to choosing a special prosecutor.  Let's have career Department professionals choose someone from outside  government, without a party label, who has demonstrated the expertise  necessary to prosecute such challenging situations as this. Put them in  charge, let them investigate, and let the facts lead us to a  conclusion.   To try to stop this or short-circuit it by dismissing Mr. Comey is  ineffective in terms of serving justice and, sadly, is a sad reflection  on American ideals and values.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   