 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I am doing this on behalf of Ms. DeLauro. As  we know, her mother passed this weekend, and she is in our thoughts.   Mr. Chairman, this also incorporates two other amendments that we  would have otherwise taken up separately under my name, but they are  all-inclusive in here. So let me talk about what the amendment does.   This amendment would restore funding to worker protection programs to  keep to the fiscal year 2017 levels. The bill, as it stands, has a cut  of $59 million to worker protection agencies, including a cut of $21  million to OSHA, the elimination of the Susan Harwood training grants,  and a cut of $14 million to the Mine Safety and Health Administration.   This is the lowest budget OSHA has seen since 2009. We need OSHA. It  saves lives. Since 1970, occupational deaths have been cut in half,  saving over 80 million lives. But there is plenty of work left to do.   Last year alone, 4,800 workers were killed on the job, and over 3  million were seriously injured. An average of 15 workers die every day  from job injuries, costing U.S. businesses over $170 billion.   The proposed budget would further reduce enforcement personnel by 140  investigators. That is 2,318 fewer workplace investigations. In  addition, in the bill under consideration, safety training grants to  reach workers in the highest risk jobs are eliminated, despite being a  core OSHA program through every administration, Republican and  Democrat, since 1978.   OSHA has only enough funding to inspect every workplace under its  jurisdiction every 159 years. Why would this bill eliminate funding for  Susan Harwood training grants that protect and educate workers in the  most dangerous jobs?   This program costs less than one-tenth of 1 percent of the Department  of Labor's budget. This cut is irresponsible and reckless. We cannot  cut NIOSH occupational health research, the primary Federal agency that  conducts research to prevent work-related illness and injury. This  research is a critical defense against tragedy. We must fund MSHA to  keep our Nation's mines safe. There is too much on the line to neglect  this sector.   This amendment would restore funding to the Bureau of International  Labor Affairs, which is tasked with enforcing labor provisions of free  trade agreements that are intended to protect American workers.   Finally, this amendment would restore funding to the National Labor  Relations Board, which protects the rights of workers under the  National Labor Relations Act.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I will close by saying that I have been an  employer for nearly 30 years; and on behalf of the vast majority of  employers who have very responsible workplaces and care for their  workers and take care of their workers, it is the irresponsible  businesses that hurt all of the other businesses.   When we don't inspect companies that could have workplace violations,  when we can only get around every 159 years to every workplace that is  under the jurisdiction, when we don't enforce wage laws, we hurt the  responsible businesses in this country, and that is why it is important  to do this.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to this  amendment. I strongly support additional funding for the CDC, the  National Cancer Institute, and the National Institute on Aging. I have  spent my time in Congress fighting for those agencies.   In fact, over the past 2 years, Democrats on the Labor-HHS  Subcommittee have worked closely with Chairman Tom Cole to increase the  NIH budgets by $2 billion annually, and I hope we are able to do it  again this year.   But this amendment is fundamentally flawed because it slashes $120  million from the CMS Program Management. Keep in mind that the CMS  Program Management account is already cut by a $524 million in the  underlying bill. That is a 13 percent cut. This amendment would  increase that cut to more than 16 percent.   According to HHS, over 143 million Americans will rely on programs  administered by CMS, including Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, and the  Federal health insurance exchanges.   Why would my colleagues in the majority support more than $600  million in cuts to the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs?   Slashing their administrative budgets by 16 percent is certain to  harm services that impact Americans on a daily basis. These cuts will  directly harm America's seniors, the blind, low- and middle-income  families, children with disabilities, and Americans with chronic  conditions like end-stage renal disease, as well as pregnant mothers  and newborns.   CMS programs face historic growth in the years to come. A cut of $644  million to its administrative budget would open up the program to  mismanagement, fraud, and abuse.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment.   