 Mr. Chairman, I thank both Chairman Simpson and  Chairman Frelinghuysen for their work on this legislation, but I would  like to engage in this colloquy about the Denali Commission in Alaska.   My proposal would have restored funding for the Denali Commission to  its fiscal year 2017 level to continue the great work that it does to  support the constituents of the rural areas of Alaska. My proposal  would also restore the 2017 funding levels for the Appalachian Regional  Commission, the Delta Regional Authority, and the Northern Border  Regional Commission.   The Denali Commission started in 1998 with Senator Stevens as an  independent Federal agency designed to provide critical utilities,  infrastructure, and economic support throughout Alaska. With the  creation of the Denali Commission, Congress acknowledged the need for  increased interagency cooperation and a focus on Alaska's remote  communities.   The Denali Commission operates in the most geographically diverse and  challenging area in America, twice the size of Texas. In fact, this  area would encompass both the Delta Regional Authority and the  Appalachian Regional Commission. I continue to believe the Denali  Commission is a model of efficient and innovative government. The  Commission has also improved the living conditions of rural areas of  Alaska.   Mr. Chairman, Mr. Simpson has done the best he can, and you cannot  believe all the programs that the Denali Commission provides for the  State of Alaska and my constituents. I would appreciate Mr. Simpson  looking at maybe a future time that we could fund it at the level that  we were in 2017.   Mr. Chairman, I do urge Mr. Simpson, as the chairman, to understand  how important the Denali Commission is to Alaska.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the fact that Mr.  Simpson just mentioned it was eliminated by the administration, and he  did restore some of the money. I am just requesting that, if he gets  any more money, we would look for it in the Denali Commission so that  the work it has done is well rewarded.   Mr. Chairman, I thank both the chairmen for the work they have done  establishing the Denali Commission in past years, and let's go forth.   