 Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk that is due for a second reading.    Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the  calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further  proceedings.    Mr. President, later today, I look forward to joining  members of the Senate Finance Committee, the House Ways and Means  Committee, and other congressional leaders in unveiling a unified  framework for fixing our Nation's broken Tax Code. It is an idea that  can bring much needed relief to middle-class families and small  businesses and help keep more jobs right here in America. It is the  result of a lot of hard work and input from Members, committees,  staffs, and the administration, to name a few, and I want to thank them  again for their continued diligence on behalf of our country.   This framework is focused on supporting American jobs, while making  taxes fairer, and on growing families' paychecks. It is a refreshing  change from our current outdated Tax Code, which for too long hasn't  worked for many Americans.   The current code forces individuals, families, and small businesses  to navigate a web of schedules, deductions, and penalties. Rates are  too high. Incentives often make little to no sense. Some actually  encourage companies to ship American jobs overseas. Moreover, for 8  years under the Obama administration, our economy grew at a sluggish  rate--never living up to its real potential. Too many Americans  struggled to get ahead, many living paycheck to paycheck. It is time  for a significant change in favor of families and jobs.  [[Page S6160]]    This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to fundamentally rethink  our Tax Code. We can unleash the economy--promoting growth, attracting  jobs, and improving American competitiveness in the global market.  Instead of sending jobs overseas, we can modernize our Tax Code to help  bring strong investment and good-paying jobs home and keep them here.  Through this framework, we can lower taxes for individuals and  families, so hard-working Americans are able to keep more of their  hard-earned money.   Later this afternoon, President Trump will bring our shared vision of  tax reform to the people of Indiana and to Americans more broadly. He  will explain his support for putting Americans across the country on a  more level playing field, because when they are, they can win.   I thank the President and his team for their efforts to develop the  framework. Together, we can continue that work to bring relief and  growth to the people of our States, such as the workers, small  businesses, and families of Kentucky, and promote economic growth in  America.   Using the framework we will release today as a roadmap, the Senate  Finance Committee, under Chairman Hatch's leadership, will continue to  hold a series of hearings to discuss how to make taxes lower, simpler,  and fairer for middle-class families and for small businesses. Like its  counterpart in the House, the Ways and Means Committee, the Senate  Finance Committee will continue working to provide much needed relief  to encourage jobs and investments to come back to the United States.  The work of these committees will help build a stronger country.   Many of our Democratic colleagues have voiced support for overhauling  our Tax Code. Throughout this process, I hope they will choose to work  with us in a serious way.   A fundamental overhaul of our Tax Code is a daunting task. We have a  lot of work ahead, but America deserves it--like the hard-working men  and women of the middle class saving for retirement and the small  businesses trying to expand and grow and the families hoping to send  their kids to a good college. These Americans deserve real tax reform.  I urge all of my colleagues to join me in working from this framework  to deliver for them.   Here is the point: It is time to take more money out of Washington's  pockets and put more of it in the pockets of Americans.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of Calendar  No. 95, the nomination of Heath Tarbert to be Assistant Secretary of  the Treasury, and Calendar No. 106, the nomination of Makan Delrahim to  be Assistant Attorney General. I further ask that there be 5 hours of  debate on the nominations, equally divided in the usual form, and that  following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on  confirmation of the nominations in the order listed, with no  intervening action or debate, and that if confirmed, the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   