 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I say to the Presiding Officer, I am glad  you are here to replace me as the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I  spent the last hour of the Senate presiding, and for those of you in  the Gallery who don't know these things, I will pull back the curtain a  little bit. It is called Presiding Officer duty, not Presiding Officer  privilege or honor, because it is reserved for the young Senators who  are new to the Senate, such as Senator Sullivan and me. It also means  that we actually have to listen to our colleagues' speeches, which  doesn't happen very often around here anymore.   This morning I had the privilege of listening to the Democratic  leader's speech about our tax bill and the fact that we are going to  repeal the hated mandate of ObamaCare as part of this tax bill, and I  just can't let stand what he said without correcting the record.   First, the Senator from New York said that we are ``injecting  healthcare into the tax bill.'' Injecting healthcare into the tax bill?  I would remind him and all the other Democrats who have been denouncing  this decision on the Senate Finance Committee that the individual  mandate is a tax according not to me, not to Republicans, but to the  Obama administration. That is what they argued in 2012 to the Supreme  Court, even though they contended throughout the debate on ObamaCare in  2009 and 2010 that it wasn't a tax. In 2012, they argued to the Supreme  Court that the ObamaCare mandate is a tax, and the Supreme Court upheld  it as a tax.   I am willing to bet that the Democratic leader issued a statement in  the summer of 2012 applauding that decision which held that the  individual mandate is a tax. After all, it is collected on your 1040.  It is collected by the IRS. It doesn't get more ``taxy'' than that.   My second point is on the claim that 13 million Americans will lose  their insurance--lose their insurance--if we repeal the mandate. Well,  two-thirds of the American people want us to repeal the mandate, so  they must be up to something. Secondly, let's think about what the  mandate repeal does. It doesn't cut a single dime out of Medicaid, it  doesn't cut a single dime out of insurance subsidies for people on the  exchanges, and it doesn't change a single regulation of Obamacare. All  it says is that the IRS cannot fine you for being unable to afford the  insurance that ObamaCare made unaffordable in the first place. That is  right. Today, if you cannot afford your insurance because ObamaCare  made it unaffordable, the IRS will fine you and your family up to  $2,000 a year, and that number goes up every year. Let me tell you,  more than five out of six households who pay that fine make less than  the median income in this country. That is right. That is a direct tax  on working families and poor people because they can't afford the  insurance that ObamaCare made unaffordable. In Arkansas, there are over  55,000 families who already have to deal with the insecurity and  financial hardship of not having health insurance and who then have to  pay a fine to the IRS. That is why two-thirds of the American people  have wanted us to repeal the individual mandate of ObamaCare since the  very day that law was passed, and that is why we are about to finally  repeal that mandate.   In the meantime, it is going to pay for more tax relief for working- class families. We are going to bring rates down for all of our  families, preserve more popular or widely used deductions or credits  that help people make ends meet, such as the home mortgage interest  deduction credit. It will help them be a little more generous to their  church or local charities through the charitable deduction. It will  help them offset the cost of some of their property or State and local  income taxes--all because we are going to repeal the hated ObamaCare  mandate.   I know the Democrats are in high dudgeon these days. Turn on C-SPAN,  if you have nothing better to do, and watch the Senate Finance  Committee, and they will say: Oh, we are injecting healthcare into the  tax bill. Oh, 13 million people are going to lose their insurance.   What we are doing is repealing the most hated tax of ObamaCare and  giving the American people the freedom to choose insurance that is  right for them without being threatened by a fine from the IRS if that  insurance doesn't meet some Washington bureaucrat's definition of what  is suitable. That is why two-thirds of the American people support the  repeal of the individual mandate, and that is why, when we repeal it,  the American people are going to have a big victory, notwithstanding  what the Democratic leader or any other Democratic Senator has said.   Mr. President, I yield my time.   Have fun during Presiding Officer duty.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect  to the Zatezalo nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action.   