 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, for the second time in an administration  that has just crossed the 100-day threshold, Republicans in the  Congress have teed up legislation that is going to make it harder for  working Americans to save. This time, there is a proposal in front of  us that goes after a brandnew program that my home State of Oregon is  just now getting ready to launch.   Let me make my views on this proposal clear, quickly. This  legislation puts the special interests before working people, and it is  just that simple.   We all understand there is a savings crisis in the country. The  typical American who works hard and brings home a paycheck every week  or two is struggling to get money set aside for their retirement.   Just think of the economic challenges these families are up against  every day. Millions of young people are buried under student debt, so  the prospect of saving for retirement feels like a dream and will  remain so for years and years.   Parents raising kids are faced with steep home loans and everyday  bills. At the same time, it can seem as if the sticker price of a 4- year college education can match the GDP of a small island nation.   The numbers on the savings crisis are just alarming. More than half  of workers approaching retirement have nothing. That means zero set  aside in retirement accounts like IRAs or 401(k) plans. Tens of  millions of Americans do not have access to retirement plans at work.  In my view, addressing these kinds of challenges ought to be a  bipartisan priority, a priority where both sides of the aisle get  together and respond.   In response to this crisis, my home State, along with a few others,  has looked to find a fresh approach to deal with retirement savings. We  want working people and middle-income families--particularly those who  don't have access to a savings plan today--to have more opportunities  in the future to set money aside.   My home State found a way to do it. Oregon found a way to do it in a  kind of Oregon tradition that eliminates a lot of hassle. We are one of  a handful of States that has passed what is called an auto-IRA law. At  home, we call it OregonSaves, and we are going to be launching it in  just a few months. What it means for Oregon workers is that when you  get a job, you are going to get a retirement account, so that is not  really complicated. When you get a job in Oregon, you are going to get  a retirement account. You can start setting aside a little bit with  every paycheck.   By the way--and I want to emphasize this--it is not mandatory. People  have the right to opt out. So when people say: Oh, government is going  to force people to do this and that and something else, the Oregon plan  is just the opposite. It is voluntary in all particulars.   What it means for business owners--particularly small business  owners--is that they can offer a savings plan without crippling fees or  the hassle of dealing with redtape.   OregonSaves, what we are about to bring out of the starting gate, is  simple. It is easy to understand. In my view, it is exactly the kind of  innovative program we need to combat the savings crisis that has hit  all parts of the country.   Over the years, I have often heard Members come to the floor and  glowingly describe the States as the place  [[Page S2696]]  where the action is. They call them the laboratories of democracy. The  theory, of course, is that States ought to be empowered to come up with  new ways to tackle challenges.   I have to tell you, it is a head-scratcher why the majority here in  the Senate would want to make it harder for innovative States like  Oregon to put in place a savings program that is voluntary in nature.   So after all these speeches I hear about the States and States'  rights and that the States are the laboratories of democracy, when it  comes to a program that is voluntary in nature, the majority here still  seems to think what we ought to do is say no.   I know the Presiding Officer cares deeply about how policies relate  to rural areas. This is going to be especially hard on rural parts of  the country.   I talked first about this issue during a debate a few weeks ago.  Several employers had written my office to say how important  OregonSaves would be for them. I shared a handful of those stories on  the floor, and it was striking how many of those employers said that  this would be a sea change for rural businesses in terms of recruiting  workers. Thanks to OregonSaves, they would be able to compete when it  comes to job benefits. The bill we are considering now would put in  doubt that program that employers said could make a big difference,  particularly in rural areas.   OregonSaves and programs like this involve years of discussion, years  of effort to work with the Department of Labor. There has been a lot of  consultation between the Federal Government and the States to get the  legal roadblocks out of the way. Now that work is in danger with this  vote.   So, colleagues, what I would like to do in wrapping up is to just  step back for a minute and talk about what this body has been working  on.   Even though the majority party has unified control of the government,  we are not exactly at this point churning out bill after bill-- certainly not landmark legislation that responds to the challenges  facing American families. Mostly to this point, there have been votes  on nominations and bills tossing out a bunch of Federal rules that  protect the people who have no power or clout in America.   An awfully large share of the business of this Congress comes down to  taking steps like the one we are looking at today, making it harder for  the American people to save. I don't think this is just a step in the  wrong direction; this is a sprint in the wrong direction. That is what  we are dealing with today in the Senate.   Programs like OregonSaves are a commonsense response to a national  savings crisis. The Congress should not be passing legislation  threatening those programs, making the savings crisis even worse in  communities across the land.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask  unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between both sides.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   