 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for  yielding me this time, and I thank her for her work. I thank Mr.  Frelinghuysen, as well, for his work and my colleagues on the other  side, but I have reservations, strong reservations about this bill.   I appreciate the very real needs of those still recovering, our  American citizens and friends and family in Florida and Texas, and that  concern is genuine. I have always supported aid to other parts of the  country, even when some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  refused to help New York and left New York hanging after Superstorm  Sandy. I have never let that get in the way of my wanting to be helpful  to my fellow citizens anywhere in this country who are under duress.   But I can't, in good conscience, vote for this bill. It leaves some  of the hardest hit and most vulnerable Americans, American citizens,  without the help that they need. It treats Puerto Rico and the Virgin  Islands as second-class citizens--not second-class people, but second- class, literally, citizens--and will stall the efforts there to  rebuild.   I appreciate Mr. Culberson saying that the people of Puerto Rico and  the Virgin Islands are a long way from recovery. I am paraphrasing what  he said. I do appreciate those words. I do hope that it is an insight  for my Republican colleagues and the leadership on the other side of  the aisle that more help will be on the way for the people of Puerto  Rico, but simply not enough is being done in this bill to help the men  and women of Puerto Rico and the children of Puerto Rico today.    Our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands are no less  American than those in any of the 50 States.   I wonder if anyone would argue that point as to whether they are  citizens of the United States or not. I would argue they are no less  citizens of the United States than any other individuals in the rest of  the 50 States, and they should be treated the same and with the same  respect.   The people of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands suffered direct hits  not from one, but from two massive hurricanes, the likes of which we  have never seen before, not in our modern history. Maybe you have to go  back to Alexander Hamilton and the hurricane that he wrote about back  in the 1700s that rocketed him to stardom.   Here we are 3 months later. Millions--not hundreds, not thousands,  but millions--of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico and in the Virgin  Islands are without power. Far too many still, because they are without  power, lack clean drinking water. Thousands are unable to receive  adequate healthcare, and earlier this week, the Governor of Puerto Rico  ordered a recount of the storm's death toll, which could number, now,  into the thousands. If that is not a sign of how neglectful the  response has been to this disaster, then I don't know what would be.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Smith of Nebraska). The time of the  gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   We must provide the assistance that our territories need. We must  fully fund Medicaid as the islands recover. We must eliminate  disparities in the law that are holding back that recovery. We must  stand up for not the people of the Virgin Islands, not the people of  Puerto Rico, but the United States citizens who have fought in our  wars, who have defended our freedoms, for the United States citizens of  the Virgin Islands and the United States citizens of Puerto Rico.   They deserve no less than how any other State is being treated after  a disaster like this. They deserve no less. They deserve more than they  are getting in this bill.    Mr. Speaker, Republicans have moved on from doing  nothing to help middle-class America, to actively undoing everything  America's middle class relies on. First, they cut taxes for  corporations and the wealthy, instead of lifting up the middle class.  And they did it twice. Now they're kicking the can down the road while  millions of Americans suffer through the holidays. They've left  millions of kids in the lurch for months by letting the Children's  Health Insurance Program expire instead of protecting sick children in  need of care. They have woefully underfunded recovery efforts in Puerto  Rico, the Virgin Islands, Florida and Texas instead of guaranteeing  clean water and electricity to our fellow Americans. And the icing on  the cake: Republicans would leave 800,000 DREAMers--  [[Page H10402]]  Americans in every way but on paper--wondering whether their Christmas  gift will be deportation papers. I cannot support Republicans'  heartlessness. I cannot support Republicans' recklessness. I cannot  support this bill without a fix for DREAMers.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about H.R. 1370,  ``Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of  2017'' [Further Continuing Resolution].   This resolution is an imperfect vehicle for appropriations for FY  2018, because it does not reflect an effort to include bipartisan  solutions to remaining Democratic priorities.   H.R. 1370 not only fails to address remaining unsolved issues, but it  also fails to fund the government through the end of FY 2018.   Republicans have not consulted Democrats on anything that is included  in this year-end legislation, accordingly the majority should not  expect Democrats to vote on a bill that does not include the following  priorities:   A bipartisan, long-term reauthorization of the Children's Health  Insurance Program (CHIP):   CHIP, which provides health coverage to 9 million children, expired  nearly three months ago.   Republicans have only put forward legislation that cuts other  critical health programs, an unacceptable trade-off.   States have already begun taking steps to shut down their CHIP  programs, and I will not vote for a Continuing Resolution (CR) that  prevents children from obtaining health coverage.   Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program:   According to a report by the Center for American Progress, 122  DREAMers are losing their protection every single day that Congress  fails to act.   Disaster aid:   My district--Houston, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands are  short-changed in the supplemental proposed by the majority.   Among other glaring omissions, the Republican supplemental fails to  include funding for their Medicaid programs, which are facing  unprecedented demands following these ruinous hurricanes.   An agreement to lift the Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps:   In the three months since a CR was passed in September, Republicans  have not worked on a budget agreement that ensures Congress can  adequately fund defense and nondefense priorities and adhere to the  principle of parity between defense and non-defense spending.   H.R. 1370 would provide $4.5 billion in emergency funding for the  Department of Defense, as requested by the Trump administration on  November 6.   Most of that money is allocated for missile defense programs  primarily targeting North Korea, an area that President Trump has  failed to approach diplomatically and instead, has resorted to  inflammatory threats, tweets, and other non-presidential approaches  typical of this administration.   In contrast, H.R. 1370 would provide a mere four-week extension of  current funding for domestic needs.   This continuing resolution would force both parties to revisit the  domestic programs in January.   Mr. Speaker, I will not accept this scheme and I highlight the  importance of parity between defense and domestic programs in order to  provide adequate funds for veterans' health, a pension bailout, opioid- fighting programs, and medical research.   Another major concern of this bill includes the unrevised extension  of government surveillance powers; Congress has yet to agree on a  proper revision of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act.   Section 702 of FISA was intended to be revised this month; however,  the majority has failed to address that issue, adding one more  unresolved priority to the list of neglected legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the  position of having to fund the government through the device of a  continuing resolution rather than through the normal appropriations  process of considering and voting on separate spending bills usually  reported by the Committee on Appropriations.   The reason for this last minute resolution is due to the Republican  leadership being solely focused on cutting taxes on the wealthy rather  than coming up with a plan to keep the government open and serving its  citizens.   Republicans control the House, Senate, and the White House--they  should have the votes to pass a CR on their own if they refuse to  compromise with Democrats.   The government shutdown of 2013, which was manufactured by the  Republican majority lasted 16 days and cost taxpayers $24 billion.   The enormous harm and disruption of the lives of federal employees  and the people they serve, however, was irreparable.   As I stated, Mr. Speaker, this Continuing Resolution is not perfect  and it only funds the government until January 19, 2018.   As seasoned Members of Congress, we have been in this challenging  position before.   But working together in a spirit of goodwill, bipartisanship, and  realism, I believe we can reach a long-term agreement that will avert a  shutdown of government operations and the disruption a shutdown causes  to the lives of millions of Americans who depend upon federal programs  to do their jobs, educate their kids, care for their parents, and  contribute to their communities.   Our constituents look to the Congress and the President to make  responsible choices and decisions to keep the nation safe, the economy  prosperous, and to make necessary and prudent investments in education,  healthcare and research, transportation and infrastructure, economic  development, science, the arts and humanities, and the environment.   This is, after all, just another way of saying that the American  people expect their leaders in Washington be guided by the  Constitution's Preamble and pursue policies and provide the resources  that will:       establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for       the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure       the blessings of liberty.    The funding priorities that have been floated by the Trump  Administration fail this essential test of leadership because they are  irresponsible, impracticable, unrealistic, and, in many respects,  insensitive or indifferent to the deleterious impact they will have on  the lives of real people living in the real world.   They do not command majority support in the Congress or of the  public.   To win such support, I believe that it is essential that any  subsequent continuing resolution or omnibus appropriations bill  achieves the following goals and objectives:   ``To establish justice'' and ``To promote the general welfare'':   1. Full funding for the U.S. Department of Justice Civil Rights  Division and the Department of Education Office of Civil Rights so that  they have funds needed to enforce laws protecting civil rights, voting  rights, and prosecuting hate crimes.   2. Fully funds community development block grants and low income  housing programs in urban and rural communities.   3. Fully funds the Legal Services Corporation so that working and  low-income persons who lack an army of lobbyists to represent them in  Washington will at least have the assistance of counsel to defend their  legal rights in courts of law.   4. Fully funds programs providing food assistance to housebound  seniors, such as Meals on Wheels.   5. Fully funds programs that provide students from low and moderate- income families access to affordable access to higher education and  provides students with special needs the support needed to receive the  free appropriate public education (FAPE) in the least restrictive  environment (LRE) guaranteed by the Individuals with Disabilities  Education Act (IDEA Act).   6. Fully funds before and after school programs and other student  enrichment programs that help students succeed.   7. Fully funds programs that make federal housing safer through  energy efficient heating and cooling systems.   8. Preserves tax credit programs that help revitalize low income  communities.   9. Fully funds the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of  Energy programs developing the next generation of clean energy and  transportation technologies.   ``Provide for the common defense'':   1. Provides robust funding for the Department of State and USAID to  advance national security interests in places like Iraq and Afghanistan  and to end violent conflicts in trouble spots which could threaten the  security interests of the United States.   2. Provides adequate funding for United Nations peacekeeping missions  throughout the world and distribution of food aid to people in  developing and famine stricken countries, such as South Sudan, Somalia,  Yemen, and Nigeria.   ``To ensure domestic tranquility'':   1. Fully funds cost-sharing reduction subsidies, or CSRs, to  compensate insurers for reducing deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums  for low-income customers on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.   2. Protects the adequacy, solvency, and integrity of the Medicare and  Medicaid programs, which provide health sustaining support for 70  million Americans.   3. Fully funds the National Institutes of Health research programs so  that patient access to lifesaving treatments is not delayed.   4. Does not convert funding for the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention into block grants which would hindering the nation's ability  to respond swiftly and effectively to public health crises like Ebola,  Zika, and HIV/AIDS.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that if all members of the House and Senate  work together, we can reach agreement on an appropriate budget  framework that that invests in the American  [[Page H10403]]  people, preserves our national security, and keeps faith with the  values that have served our nation well and made the United States the  leading nation on earth.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired.   Pursuant to House Resolution 670, the previous question is ordered.   The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Frelinghuysen).   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   