 I announce that the Senator from Nevada (Ms. Cortez  Masto) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) are necessarily  absent.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, there are many lobbyists around Capitol  Hill. They perform the important task of informing Members and their  staff about issues that are going to come before us. Some of them are  volunteers, and some of them are paid very handsomely.   There is a special group of lobbyists who are roaming the corridors  of Capitol Hill in the House and Senate today and tomorrow. They are  young people from across the United States. Many of them are college  students, and all of them have one thing in common: They are Dreamers.  They are young people who came to the United States under the age of  18, many of them 2 years old, 4 years old, brought here by their  parents. They grew up in this country. They went to our schools. Some  of them were excellent students. Many of them have gone on to college-- at their own expense many times. Some have even enlisted in our  military. They have a nagging problem. The problem is that they are not  legally citizens of the United States. They don't have legal status in  the United States, and so the uncertainty about that status has led  many of them to wonder what their future will be.   About 5 years ago, President Obama, at my urging, issued an Executive  order that changed their lives. It was called DACA. It gave them a  chance to come forward and register with the government, submit  themselves to a criminal background check, get fingerprinted, pay a  $500 fee, have their background looked at in detail, and gave them a  chance to stay in the United States for 2 years at a time, and in that  2-year period not be subjected to deportation and be able to work.   Four weeks ago, President Trump announced that the DACA Program was  going to be rescinded. Many of these young people don't know what their  future will be from this point forward. A number of them came out to  the steps of the Capitol this afternoon to talk about their lives. Two  in particular I wanted to mention.   Nathali Bertran from Columbus, OH, is a student who graduated from  college after great sacrifice and has gone on to become an engineer.  She is currently working in the Columbus area for a global automotive  company. She has a bright future if she is allowed to stay in the  United States. She doesn't know the answer to that because we haven't  come up with a replacement for DACA, which was rescinded by President  Trump.   Jesus Perez is from Tulsa, OK. He had given up on a college education  and a future, and then DACA came along, and he decided he wanted to be  a doctor. He is on his way. He has finished community college. He is  now about to complete his studies at Oklahoma State, and he wants to go  to medical school. He works as a transporter and a surgical orderly in  a hospital to make enough money to stay in school. His future is  completely in doubt because of the uncertainty around what is going to  happen to those who were protected by DACA.   I have said many times that these young people were brought here by  their parents. They didn't make the decision. I don't want to look  negatively on their parents. If I were given a choice of skirting the  law or even breaking the law to save my child's life or to give them  security and safety, I know what I would do. I also know what these  parents did. But the kids themselves were not in on that decision  process.    Now, all they are asking for is a chance to be a part of the only  country they have ever known. They got up in the classroom every day at  school and pledged allegiance to the only flag they ever knew, and most  of them can sing only one national anthem, the anthem of the country  they believe is their own, the United States. That is an important part  of this conversation.   If we believe in fairness and justice in America--and I think we do-- we want to be fair and just to these young people. If they have not  done something in their lives that is dangerous, such as commit a  crime, for example, that is serious, they ought to be given a chance.  If they are willing to go to school or to work or to enlist in our  military, why wouldn't we welcome them in so that they can be a part of  our future, as they should be. The alternative, in many cases, is to  ship them back to a country they cannot remember or never really knew,  to a language they don't speak. That is not the right outcome.   I want to thank Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. He is my Republican  cosponsor of the Dream Act. Senator Graham has been a stalwart. He and  I may disagree on an issue every other day, but on this issue, we  agree. We agree that America should step forward and do the right thing  for these young people.   I hope these lobbyists--I will use that term--who are Dreamers, who  are roaming the Halls of Congress, will  [[Page S6316]]  make the same impression on my colleagues that they made on me--that  their special lives and their special future will make this Nation a  better Nation in the years to come.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Nevada (Ms. Cortez  Masto) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from Nevada (Ms. Cortez  Masto) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) are necessarily  absent.   