 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. Esty) for allowing me this time to engage the American  people in a subject that is crucial to the economy of this Nation and  for the citizens that use transportation throughout this country. I  think Mr. Garamendi really gave us the bang in terms of looking at the  rail situation. That is an area that I also am going to speak on.   Let me say that, with every day that passes, the need for Federal  infrastructure investment grows more and more urgent. Robust and  reliable infrastructure is the foundation for economic success and  security. But for too long, the United States has underinvested in our  infrastructure, and this once vibrant foundation has crumbled.   Yesterday, in my district, I took a visit with Amtrak to the 107- year-old Portal Bridge that carries about 450 trains and thousands of  passengers over the Hackensack River in New Jersey every weekday. It is  a major bottleneck along the Northeast corridor, the Nation's busiest  rail line. This rail line goes through New Jersey--well, actually, it  starts here in Washington and will travel to Boston. So it travels  through Connecticut as well. But we have a major bottleneck in New  Jersey.   This old infrastructure, this 107-year-old bridge, is really outdated  machinery because this bridge over the river has to spin on a turret  when there are barges coming through. Normally it gets stuck. The  replacement of the bridge is a key component of the $23.9 billion  Gateway program, a comprehensive rail investment program to double rail  capacity between New Jersey and New York City.   According to a recent study released by Amtrak, the program could  generate $3.87 worth of economic benefit for every $1 invested. New  Jersey and New York have agreed to contribute $750 million towards the  estimated $1.5 billion costs for the Portal Bridge project. But the  program will not be able to move forward without Federal investment.  President Trump's proposal to zero out the New Starts programs  threatens to derail the overall Gateway program and the Portal Bridge  project along with it.   America's infrastructure is failing. Now is the time to build the  infrastructure that we need to grow our economy, keep America safe, and  become more competitive. Every dollar of infrastructure investment  means another $3 of economic growth. America's infrastructure needs  could be met, and then some, for a fraction of the cost of the  President's tax plan--which is estimated to increase the deficit by $3  trillion to $7 trillion over the next decade--while contributing  immensely to economic growth.   Mr. Speaker, we see what is happening across this Nation. We have  seen what has happened when bridges crumble, poor infrastructure and  tunnels, and it is time for this Nation to invest, once again, in its  infrastructure if it wants to remain the beacon in the world for  economic growth.   I would like to thank the gentlewoman, once again, for allowing me  this opportunity to talk about a critical topic. If no one hears this  call, we are doomed in terms of our infrastructure.   