 Mr. President, President Trump made bold claims about his  intention to ``drain the swamp.'' But here we are, debating a measure  that would do the exact opposite. The Senate is actually voting to kill  an anticorruption regulation.   This regulation was the result of bipartisan effort led by Senator  Dick Lugar. Senator Lugar was my mentor when I first joined the Senate.  He helped me better understand the role and traditions of this body;  and he showed me what it meant to be a statesmen.   Senator Lugar was one of the most thoughtful foreign policy experts  to serve in the Senate. He chaired the Foreign Relations Committee, and  he was deeply respected on both sides of the aisle.   He understood the ``resource curse.'' How developing countries with  billions of dollars in oil, gas, or other valuable minerals often had  the worst poverty, how the governments of these countries made deals  with huge corporations to sell their resources, but the citizens of  those countries never saw the benefits. Instead, corrupt leaders would  enrich themselves, rather than use the funds to pay for healthcare,  education, infrastructure, or housing.   Senator Lugar, with Senator Cardin, developed legislation to address  the resource curse, to bring transparency to an opaque system. The  result was section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act. It directed the SEC to  issue a rule requiring all oil, gas, and mineral companies listed on  U.S. stock exchanges to disclose the payments they make to foreign  governments.   This allows the citizens of those countries to hold their leaders  accountable. It shines a light on corruption. And when citizens can  demand that this money is used for their benefit, it reduces their need  for foreign aid.   Opponents of this rule claimed it would put American companies at a  disadvantage. In fact, it made the U.S. a leader. Other countries  followed suit and passed similar requirements.   The Cardin-Lugar rule became the global standard for transparency.  Today, 80 percent of the world's largest publicly listed oil, gas and  mining companies--including state-owned companies from Russia, China,  and Brazil--are subject to disclosure rules.   This resolution of disapproval is just one of many misguided efforts  by Republicans to use the Congressional Review Act to kill regulations  that protect the most vulnerable.   The CRA was enacted in 1996 as part of the radical deregulatory and  anticonsumer actions by shepherded by Newt Gingrich. Before now, the  CRA has successfully been used to overturn only one rule.   There is a reason it has only been successfully used once. The CRA is  a blunt weapon. It is a poorly written law that comes with unintended  consequences. The CRA allows Congress to strike down a rule in its  entirety with only an hour of floor debate in the House and without the  ability to filibuster it in the Senate.   This flawed process can undo years of careful work by stakeholders  and Federal agencies. Work done through an open, thoughtful rulemaking  process. The Cardin-Lugar rule took years to finalize. Republicans want  to kill it in a day.   And let's be clear--it does kill the regulation. Earlier today,  Leader McConnell mischaracterized this effort. He said, ``Let's send  the SEC back to the drawing board to promote transparency.''   But that is not what the CRA does. It doesn't send the agency ``back  to the drawing board.'' What it does do is prohibit the agency from  issuing another regulation that is ``substantially the same,'' unless  Congress specifically authorizes the agency to do so through subsequent  legislation.   The courts have not yet determined how different a new regulation  must be so that is not ``substantially the same.'' This discourages an  agency from issuing a new similar regulation once a rule has been  blocked.   This is not going back to the drawing board. This is going back to  corruption.   