 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan legislation,  H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of  2017, as amended. The legislation is a product of hard work between the  Department of Veterans Affairs, veterans service organizations,  committee staff, and committee members.   This bill gives veterans more options when pursuing the appeals claim  by creating three pathways or lanes: Lane one allows for the veteran to  request that a new individual review their case without a hearing,  which will allow a faster response time from the VA on their appeal;  lane two allows a veteran to request a hearing; and lane three sends  the appeal directly to the Board of Veterans Appeals. These three  lanes, working together, will speed up the process for our Nation's  veterans and ensure that the appeals system works for them.   An important compromise in this legislation also allows for veterans  to keep the original effective date of their claim as long as they  filed the necessary paperwork within 1 year of a VA's decision. This is  another way to ensure that the appeals system is working for the  veterans. It is important that we do not leave any veteran behind.   My colleagues and I have worked to ensure that some of the more than  470,000 veterans with a current appeal in the system will have the  opportunity at certain points to opt into the new system. This will  help the veterans who have been waiting for years to hear from the VA.   This bill also ensures transparency in the VA implementation. This  new system, by requiring rigorous reports from the Department, ensures  that all veterans are treated fairly.   In closing, I especially want to recognize and thank the Disability  Assistance and Memorial Affairs ranking member, Ms. Esty, for her hard  work and help in crafting this legislation.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2288, as amended.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1329, the  Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2017. This bill  should be a top priority for all of us this year. H.R. 1329 should  ensure that the veterans receive a cost-of-living increase next year if  Social Security recipients get one.   We all know that the price keeps going up and that if veterans'  benefits don't keep pace, veterans and their families may have a hard  time paying for basic necessities like food, shelter, and clothing.  This bill is extremely important to our Nation's veterans. I ask all  Members to support it.   I want to thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Disability  Assistance and Memorial Affairs, Ms. Esty, for her support of this  legislation. I urge my colleagues, all, also to support H.R. 1329.   