 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Colorado for  his leadership on this important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this dirty air  legislation. The House majority is, once again, substituting political  ideology for sound science. Make no mistake: this is social Darwinism,  at its worst, and a blueprint to make America sick again.   The intent of the Clean Air Act and its amendments couldn't be  clearer: public health and science should drive public policy. And  safe, breathable air must be our paramount goal.   Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA is required to review the public  health impacts of carbon monoxide, lead, ozone, particulate matter, and  sulphur dioxide every 5 years and update national air standards. The  bill before us would roll that back and delay new standards for a  decade. We cannot wait another decade, nor should we.   We know the health impacts of increased smog: greater incidence of  asthma, acute bronchitis in children, and, in some cases, premature  death. In Fairfax County, where I live, 23,023 children could be at  risk of another asthma attack due to poor air quality, and 136,327  adults over the age of 65 are at risk for a medical emergency.   I come from local government, where we actually had to put into place  regional programs to reduce smog. This wasn't a theological or  ideological assignment for us. It was practical. And let me show you  the progress we made because of this legislation, the Clean Air Act and  its amendments.    Mr. Speaker, in 1996, this region--the national capital  region--had more than 60 orange ozone days, ozone layers that were  hazardous to health, warnings given to people. Last year, we had 6,  one-tenth of that number. And that is because of the Clean Air Act and  its amendments.   Rather than dismantling these protections, we should provide States  and localities the resources to continue on the progress we have made.  Instead, the Trump budget would slash EPA funding by a third. That is  not a plan for healthy communities. It is not a way to make America  great.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this assault on public  health and sound science.   