 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose unauthorized,  undeclared, and unconstitutional war. What we have today is basically  unlimited war, anywhere, anytime, anyplace upon the globe.   My amendment would sunset in 6 months the 2001 and 2002  authorizations for use of force. What does that mean? This was  legislation passed many years ago to go after the people who attacked  us on 9/11. I supported that battle, but I think the mission is long  since over. I don't think anyone with an ounce of intellectual honesty  believes these authorizations from 16 years ago and 14 years ago--I  don't think anyone with intellectual honesty believes they authorized  war in seven different countries.   Not only is it lives we are losing, the American soldiers, the brave  young men and women who are sent to distant lands and asked to give  their lives for their country without the Senate taking the time to  authorize the war--I think that is terribly unjust and should end.   There are some who argue that we don't even need to vote at all. Some  of the Presidents, Republican and Democratic, have said they have  article II--this is the second article of the Constitution--they say  that by the Constitution, they can do what they want, when they want,  where they want, and that Congress never has to approve their  authorization and never has to give authority to go to war. These  advocates of perpetual war argue that these powers are implicit and  that no one can stop a President who wants to go to war.   This is diametrically opposite of what our Founding Fathers thought.  Madison in particular disagreed. Madison wrote that the executive  branch is the branch most prone to go to war; therefore, the  Constitution, with studied care, vested that power in the Congress. Our  Founding Fathers saw the  [[Page S5199]]  history of Europe as the perpetual history of war--brothers fighting  brothers, Kings of two different countries who were cousins, brothers,  uncles, fathers, sons. The history of Europe was perpetual war.   When we broke away, we said: We are going to have some checks and  balances in place. We are going to make it difficult to go to war. We  are going to vest that power in the Congress.   But somewhere along the way, we lost our way, and we now commit  ourselves to war or one man or one woman commits us to war without any  vote by Congress. This is not what our Founding Fathers intended.   Former President Obama, when he was a candidate, wrote that no  President should unilaterally go to war unless we were under imminent  attack. That is the understanding of the Constitution that most  originalists take. Yet, once Mr. Obama was in the White House, he  bombed seven different countries. He expanded the use of Executive  power. He expanded the war-making power of the Presidency, even while  all along saying that he was for a narrower interpretation.   Candidate Trump said that the war in Afghanistan had lost its  purpose, that it was a disaster, and that it should end. He said that  on maybe 15 different occasions. Yet, now that he is in the White  House, the generals have said: We must fight on. We must continue to  fight. If we leave, the Taliban will take over.   My question is, When will the Afghans stand up and fight? We have  spent $1 trillion helping them. We spent billions of dollars trying to  convince them not to grow the poppy that becomes the opium that addicts  the world. Yet last year Afghanistan had the biggest crop of poppy they  have ever had in recent history. The people who run Afghanistan, whom  we put in to govern, the Karzai family--full of drug dealers, crooks,  and thieves. You wonder why they are not popular in their own country.  But my question is, Where did the $1 trillion go? Why can't they defend  themselves? Why do we have to fight their wars for them?   One thing is certain: The war was not authorized by you, the people,  and the war was not authorized by us, the Congress, and therefore the  war is unconstitutional. The war is unauthorized.   You say: Well, do we ever get it right? Have we ever voted to  authorize war?   Yes, we have. When we went to war in Afghanistan the first time--and  I would have voted yes--there was a vote, and overwhelmingly we voted  to go in.   Some have argued: Well, is 6 months enough time for Congress to do  anything? Can they get anything done in 6 months?   When we were attacked in Pearl Harbor, do you know how long it took  us to declare war? Twenty-four hours. When we were attacked on 9/11,  how long did it take us to authorize the military force to go in? Three  days. People say Congress will never get it done. Maybe it is because  we are divided.   We haven't been attacked, we have no clear purpose in Afghanistan,  and there is no clear route to victory. Realize that in 2011 President  Obama put 100,000 troops into Afghanistan. Sure, he pushed the Taliban  back. Where did they go? To our ally Pakistan, which has gotten  billions and billions of dollars of American welfare and as we sit here  is destined to get another half a million of your money in American  welfare over the next month. Billions and billions of dollars we send  to Pakistan, but where does the Taliban live? In Pakistan. They run  back and forth across the border.   So we have to ask the question, What is our purpose? Are we nation  building? We spend hundreds of billions of dollars building their  roads, building their bridges, building their schools. They bomb them,  we bomb them--somebody bombs them, and then we rebuild them again.   We have $150 billion worth of damage in Texas. Do you know how we  should pay for it? Let's quit sending welfare to foreign countries.  Let's look at our country first, the problems we have here, rebuild our  roads, our bridges, our schools, and not borrow it, not add to a $20  trillion debt. Take the money we are sending in welfare to foreign  countries and let's rebuild our own.   We are at war in seven countries--none of them voted on by Congress.  Is it expensive? Yes, to the tune of trillions of dollars.   Today we will debate the issue of war and whether Congress is  constitutionally bound to declare war. We will debate whether one  generation can bind another generation to perpetual war.   We are at the point where we have been in Afghanistan so long that  within the next year, there will be people fighting who were not yet  born on 9/11. This war no longer has anything to do with 9/11, no  longer has anything to do with any vital interest in our country. It  has to do with us believing we could reshape the world and make the  world safe for democracy--everyone is going to love America, and  everyone is going to become a western style democracy. Guess what? It  is never going to happen.   Afghanistan is not even a real country; it is a collection of five or  six tribal lands that were stuck together by Europeans who had no  knowledge of the local people. They don't even like each other, much  less us. Do you know what they call the President, who resides in  Kabul? They call him the mayor of Kabul derisively because he has no  sway over them. They are interested in who their chieftain is in their  local area. They speak five different languages. They are never going  to be a country.   If you want to be at war there, you want to send your sons and  daughters to Afghanistan, you think somehow it will make our country  safer, let's vote on it. So what I am advocating is a vote. For the  first time in 16 years, I am advocating that we should vote on whether  we should be at war. It should be a simple vote, but it is like pulling  teeth. I have been trying very hard to get this vote for 5 years now. I  am this close. I am hoping to get the vote today or tomorrow, but it  isn't easy because we have been obstructing and obstructing, and no one  wants to be on the line. Yet that is why we are elected--to put our  names, our John Hancock, on the line. Are you for the war or against  the war?    I am done. I am done. I am ready to come home. I remember my father  saying, in 2008, in one of the Presidential debates, when they asked  ``How will you get the people home?'' he said ``We just marched in, and  we can just march out.''   There is no more meaning or purpose in Afghanistan. We had 100,000  troops there in 2011. All of the Taliban scurried into Pakistan, and as  soon as the troops diminished, they went back. Some people take from  that lesson--they say: We need 200,000 or we need half a million troops  or we need to stay there forever and police every corner for them. I  take it to mean that the governments themselves over there do not have  the popular support of the people.   Stand up and fight for your country. Half of the people in  Afghanistan who were helping us over there came to our country. They  fled. It is the same with Iraq. All of the good people in Iraq--our  translators, pro-Western people--came to our country. I understand  wanting to come to a good place, but it would be like having the people  who signed the Declaration of Independence, after they had fought the  war and America had won, going back to England and saying: Oh, it is  dangerous in the new country. Yet that is what we have been saying year  after year, so the people who have pro-Western values from Afghanistan  now live in the United States and the same in Iraq.   The thing is that we need to have some tough love. They need to  practice some responsibility, and they need to take ownership of their  country. But as long as you coddle people, as long as you give people  stuff, and as long as you fight their wars for them, they are not going  to step up and fight.   We are going to debate whether Afghanistan is a winnable war.   We will also debate whether war in Yemen is in our national interest.  Most of America does not know that we are at war in Yemen. Most of  America does not know where Yemen is. We need to know why we are there  and whether it is of any value to the United States.   We will debate whether our support for Saudi Arabia is exacerbating  starvation and the plague of cholera in Yemen.   We will debate whether it is in our national interest to topple the  Government of Syria. There are 2 million  [[Page S5200]]  Christians who live in Syria. Guess what. We may not understand it, but  most of those Christians support Assad. On the side of the war that we  have been funding and arming with the radical Islamists from Saudi  Arabia and with the radical Islamists from Qatar are the people who  hate the Christians. We are fighting on the side of the people who hate  the Christians in Syria. Does that make Assad a good guy? No, but the  thing is that maybe sometimes there is no good person in a war, no good  side to a war.   For 5 years, I have been fighting to have a vote on whether we should  be at war and where. I think there is no greater responsibility for a  legislator than to vote on when we go to war. I tell the young soldiers  whom I meet that it is my responsibility to discuss, debate, and think  seriously about whether we send them to war.   One of the things that is most mistaken by politicians--even by some  who are well intended--is that they think every soldier in America is  jumping up and down to go to his eighth tour in Afghanistan. Go out and  meet the soldiers. They are not allowed to be politically active, and  they are not a political force on Washington, but I guarantee that if  you were to ask our soldiers ``Are you ready to go back for your eighth  tour of Afghanistan? Do you see purpose in Afghanistan?'' that they  have lost sight of what that purpose is.   I met a Navy SEAL about a year ago. He had been in for 19 years--a  tough guy, as they all are--and he said to me: Do you know what? We can  defeat any enemy. We can kill any enemy. We can succeed at almost any  mission that you give us. But the mistake is when you--Congress or a  President--tell us to go somewhere and plant the flag and create a  country. We are just not very good at nation building.   We have the world's most elite military. We can defend our country.  We can defend, without question, against all invaders. Yet we are not  very good at making countries out of places that are not.   What we should think about is that we have a $20 trillion debt. We  borrow $1 million a minute. Even if you thought it was a good idea to  try to create a country in Iraq or create a country in Afghanistan or  create some sort of paradise in Yemen or Somalia or Nigeria or Libya or  any of the places we are--even if you thought some paradise was a great  thing--we have no money with which to do it. We are destroying our  country from within. We are eating out the substance of the very  greatness of America by borrowing $1 million a minute. We are flat  broke. We cannot afford to be everybody's Uncle Sam. We cannot afford  to be everybody's Uncle Patsy. We cannot afford to keep exporting our  money and our jobs to the rest of the world. We need to look at our  country and say it is time that we did things for our country, for our  people, and it is time that we quit borrowing $1 million a minute.   The question is, Will the Senators--will those who gather to vote-- stand for the rule of law? Will the Senators stand for congressional  authority for war? Will they stand for what the Constitution clearly  says in article I, section 8, which is that Congress, not the  President, shall declare war? Will the Senators sit idly by and let the  wars continue unabated and unauthorized?   Some will argue that sunsetting the old authorizations is too soon,  too dramatic. Really? So 6 months and 16 years later, we have not  decided whether we should be at war or where we should be, and we  cannot decide in 6 months? It took us 24 hours to decide with Pearl  Harbor. It took us 3 days to decide with 9/11. I think 6 months is  more than enough time.    Will Congress do its job unless it is forced to? All history says no.  Why does Congress have an 11-percent approval rating from the people?  Because it is not doing its job. How do we force Congress to do its  job? Give it deadlines. How can we get a deadline? Let's pass this.  Let's let the authorizations expire. Let's have a full-throated, deep,  and heartfelt debate over whether we should be at war and where. Should  we be at war in Afghanistan? Is there a winnable and foreseeable  winnable future there? Should we be at war in Iraq? Syria? Yemen?  Libya?   Today's vote can be seen as a proxy vote for the Constitution.  Today's vote is not really a vote for or against any particular war.  Today's vote is simply a vote on whether we will obey the Constitution.  Today's vote is a vote on whether Congress will step up and do its job.  Sixteen-and-a-half years is more than enough time to determine whether  the war in Afghanistan or Yemen or Libya or Somalia has purpose or real  meaning for our national security.   Often, it is said--very glibly--that, yes, it is in our national  security interest. Realize when people tell you that they are giving  you a conclusion. That is the beginning of the debate. We could debate  for hours and hours. Hopefully, we will have some of that debate, but  we have to debate what is in our vital national interest. Just to say  it is so does not make it so.   Does anybody in America think the war in Yemen is in our vital  interest? Most people do not know where Yemen is, much less think it is  in our vital interest. Guess what. The war in Yemen may actually be  opposed to our vital national interest. It may be making it worse. The  war in Libya certainly did.   President Obama, when he chose to act illegally and intervene in  Libya, made the world less safe. It was not his intention. I will grant  him that his motives were to make it more safe, but he made the world  less safe. Why? Because when Qadhafi was toppled, you got chaos. You  have two competing governments in Libya, and you have chaos. If you  want to set up a terrorist camp, if you are ready to go find a good  place in the world, Libya is one of the prime places to go now because  the government is gone and there is chaos. So I would argue that the  intervention--one of the wars that we fought illegally, without the  approval of the Senate, under the unilateral action of the President-- made us less safe. That is why we are supposed to debate before we go  to war. We are less safe because of the Libyan war.   How about the Syrian war? It is the Christians on one side and us on  the other side. That is the first problem I have. The people on the  side of the war that we supported are the radical Islamists. ISIS was  on the side that we were supporting. In fact, one of the most famous,  if not the most famous and important leaked email about Hillary Clinton  from WikiLeaks was when Hillary Clinton sent an email to John Podesta,  writing to him: Hmm, we need to exert some influence on Saudi Arabia  and Qatar because they are giving financial and strategic assistance to  ISIS.   Realize that. Of the people we are selling weapons to in Saudi Arabia  and Qatar--they get all of their weapons from us--guess who they are  giving them to. ISIS. They were on the same side as ISIS.   Let's say you do not believe that. You say: Oh, I don't believe that.  Certainly we would not have done that because we would not have  supported the bad people.   Let's say we just supported the so-called moderates. They are still  fighting against the guys who are protecting the Christians.   What was the net effect of the Syrian civil war? Before we got  involved, Assad was winning the war. Once again, like Qadhafi, he is  not a great guy, but he does defend the Christians, and the Christians  do support him. We turned the tide of the war by flowing in hundreds  and hundreds of tons of weapons in 2013--us, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia-- but these weapons went in indiscriminantly. What happened when we  turned the tide of the war? Chaos in a vacuum. In that vacuum, guess  who arose. ISIS.   When you created chaos in Libya by fighting an unconstitutional,  unauthorized war, you got more terrorism, more chaos, and the world was  a less safe place.   When we got involved in Syria without the authorization of Congress-- unconstitutional, unauthorized--what did you get? Chaos and the rise of  ISIS.   What do we have in Yemen right now? In Yemen, you have a Sunni-backed  government in exile that is supported by the Saudis, and you have these  Houthi rebels who are supported by Iran. But that is not all you have  in Yemen. You also have al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula--three different  groups. It is said that al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula is actually the  strongest remaining presence of al-Qaida. Is it possible, in our  supporting the Saudi  [[Page S5201]]  Arabian-backed government against the Houthis, that they fight and kill  each other to such a degree of chaos that al-Qaida of the Arab  Peninsula fills the vacuum? If you look at Libya, that is what  happened. If you look at Syria, that is what happened. What if it  happens in Yemen?   You have to ask, what is our vital interest in Yemen? Why are we in  Yemen? Why are we supplying bombs to the Saudis? Is it somehow making  us safer from terrorism? Are we killing them over there so they do not  kill us over here? Guess what. We may be creating more terrorists than  we can possibly kill.   The Saudis bombed a funeral procession of civilians. They killed 150  people, and they wounded 500. Do you think they are ever going to  forget about it? That is going to be passed down through oral tradition  for a thousand years, and they will talk about the day that the Saudis  came and bombed civilians. They will also say in the next breath: Guess  who gave them the bombs. The Americans. Guess who helped to guide the  planes. Guess who refueled the planes in the air. The Americans  refueled the Saudis the day that they came to bomb a funeral  procession.   So, in the end, we killed 150 people. You might say: Well, they were  all bad people. They were at the funeral of a bad person. Do you think  that we killed 150 and that will be the end of it, or do you think that  those who were wounded, who survived and went back to their villages,  told every one of their neighbors and everyone in the village about the  day the Saudis came with the American bombs?   We have to ask ourselves, are we making things better? Is Yemen in  our vital national interest? Are we making things better or are we  making things worse? Is there a possibility that it will lead to such  chaos that al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula will rise up and become a  real threat to us?   What else is happening in Yemen? It is one of the poorest countries  on the planet, as 17 million people, as we speak, live on the edge of  starvation--17 million people. They are having the largest outbreak of  cholera. Where is most of this happening? Where is most of the  starvation, most of the killing, and most of the cholera? It is in the  areas that are being bombed by the Saudis. They have bombed the  infrastructure into ruins, and there is no clean water, so cholera is  spreading.   War is probably the most common and most important precipitating  factor in humanitarian disasters. If you look at humanitarian disasters  around the world, you will find that the No. 1 cause is war, and Yemen  was already a poor place to begin with.   You are fighting the war, and nobody asked your permission. You are  fighting a war in Yemen through the proxy of Saudi Arabia, and no one  has asked my permission. This is a grave insult to us. It is dangerous  to the Treasury, but it is also your sons and daughters who are being  asked to go to Yemen now.   We had a manned raid in Yemen and lost one of our Navy SEALs. I have  asked what we got, and they just sort of push me off and say, oh, they  might tell me on another occasion. No one will tell me what we got.  They claim that it was great, that it was the best stuff you could ever  find, that it is going to prevent loss of life. But the thing is, we  have no business in Yemen. We have not voted to go to war in Yemen. We  have been at war 16 years--the longest war now--in Afghanistan. There  is no purpose left. There is no future for the war in Afghanistan.   Today's vote will be remembered as the first vote--if we have it--in  16 years on whether to continue fighting everywhere, all the time,  without ever having to renew the authorization of Congress. I hope  Senators will think long and hard about the seven ongoing wars and, at  the very least, show regard for our young soldiers and go on the record  to uphold their oath of office. Each Senator should uphold their oath  of office and defend the Constitution and its requirements with regard  to war.   I, for one, will stand with soldiers, young and brave, sent to fight  in distant lands in a forgotten, forever war. I will stand for the  Constitution. I will stand with our Founding Fathers, who did  everything possible to make the initiation of war difficult.   I hope my colleagues will stand for something. I hope my colleagues  will finally vote to do their constitutional duty and oversee and/or  discontinue the many wars we are in. But even if my colleagues say:  War, war--that is the answer--everywhere, all the time, by golly, come  down and put your name on it. If you think we should be at war in  Afghanistan, vote for it. If you think we should be at war in Yemen,  come down to the floor and vote for it.   What does everybody do? Pass the buck. Let the President do it. Let  the President take the blame if things don't go well. We should vote.  So on my amendment, you will probably see that the majority will say:  We don't want any responsibility; let the President take care of that.   My vote isn't actually directly on any of the wars, although I do  oppose most of the wars we are involved in. My vote is on whether or  not we should vote on whether we should be at war.   So for those who oppose my vote, they oppose the Constitution. They  oppose obeying the Constitution, which says that we are supposed to  vote. They are going to say: No, I refuse to vote on any of these wars.   All my amendment does is to sunset an authorization that really  doesn't apply to anything we are doing at the moment, and it says that  in 6 months' time, you have to come up with an authority to go to war.  I hope my colleagues will stand for something. I hope they will finally  vote to do their constitutional duty. It is the least we can do to  honor the service of our brave young soldiers.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I reserve the remainder of my time.   