 Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this amendment, which would  unnecessarily tie the hands of our military as it seeks to diversify  its energy supply.   The Pentagon is pursuing alternative energy not because they are some  kind of tree hugger, but because the diversity of energy options  improves mission capabilities and saves lives.   Just because the price of oil is low today doesn't mean it won't  spike tomorrow and force military leaders to divert resources away from  mission priorities. In some cases, this has meant turning ships around  and cutting their voyages short because of budgeting issues around  fuel.   This is of particular concern as we continue the fight against ISIS  while pivoting towards the Pacific. The Pacific Ocean has an area of 64  million miles. It includes hotspots like the South China Sea and North  Korea, whose recent aggression threatens the region and our security.   As we ask our military leaders to respond to threats at a moment's  notice, they need the flexibility that comes with alternative energy  sources. But you don't need to just hear that from me. That is the  position of General Mattis at the Department of Defense, who opposes  this amendment.   My colleagues on the other side are going to say that this is merely  about choosing the most cost-effective option, but this amendment would  place an undue burden on DOD procurement managers to track all  subsidies and credits for fuel. It doesn't include a waiver for  national security considerations or increasing combat effectiveness,  and it would inhibit innovations that increase readiness and save  lives.   A 21st century military with the capability to counter new and  dynamic threats cannot be powered solely by the energy sources of  yesterday. I encourage my colleagues to join me in opposing this  amendment.     Mr. Chairman, last year the Pentagon released a directive  stating that the Department of Defense must be able to adapt to climate  change in order to maintain an effective and efficient U.S. military.   General Mattis--now Secretary Mattis--during his Senate confirmation  said: ``Climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world  where our troops are operating today.'' Bases in the region I represent  in San Diego--which is home to the largest concentration of military  forces in the world--are already facing challenges from sea level rise,  drought, and reliable energy sources.   For years, the most decorated military leaders in our country have  been telling us that climate change is a national security threat.  Congress cannot afford to make this debate about politics or ideology.   We don't have to agree on what causes climate change. We only have to  agree with our military leaders that the effects of climate change are  altering the security environment and the threats we face.   Mr. Chairman, I oppose this reckless amendment and ask my colleagues  to do the same.   