 Mr. Speaker, the issue here about Medicare is one where  there is universal support in this body for that program that was  passed in 1965 by a bipartisan vote. It is a lifeline for many of our  seniors--for all of our seniors. It is a program where, since everybody  pays, everybody benefits. It gives all of us confidence that our  parents or ourselves will have access to good healthcare.   We have a challenge. The cost of healthcare in this country is far  too expensive, and it is for a variety of reasons that our country  spends twice as much on healthcare as most industrialized countries in  the rest of the world and we don't get better results for that.   The challenge for us, if we want to save healthcare, particularly  Medicare, is to start focusing on reforms that bring the cost of  healthcare down and don't compromise quality.   The Affordable Care Act extended access to healthcare for millions of  Americans, but it also included some steps that began bending the cost  curve. The rate of growth in the Medicare spending has started to come  down under the Affordable Care Act. It was patient-centered programs,  it was accountable care organizations, it was value-based payment  systems. These things where, for the first time, Congress talked not  just about extending access, but trying to reform payment systems so  that we could get the benefit of a more efficient system.   The IPAB is simply one of the potential tools that would be used in  order to present to Congress recommendations. Unlike what Mr. Walden  said, it would be the final say of Congress whether we wanted to  approve or not any recommendation by the IPAB.   Here is the difference in how we are approaching healthcare. Many in  this body on the Republican side have focused on the cost of  healthcare, its contribution to the debt. The policy proposal in the  form of repealing the Affordable Care Act, its way of reducing the cost  of healthcare was to take healthcare away from 24 million Americans.  That is what that bill did.   That is one way to control the cost of healthcare, have people go  without. It is the wrong way. We all know that. We have got to bite the  bullet here and start addressing the fact that we spend too much. Some  of it is wasteful procedures, some of it is gaming the system, some of  it is these incredible maneuvers by drug companies.   I am just going to give one example because I want to give this  example as an indication of how right before our eyes bad things are  happening that we are allowing to occur.   HUMIRA, a very good drug by AbbVie. Their patent was expiring. That  patent is legislatively provided to give them exclusive marketing and  selling rights. They have a monopoly price. It is incredibly expensive,  like $70,000 for a supply.   Amgen had a biosimilar that was going to be marketed, and then you  would have the benefit of competition. The price would go down.   AbbVie and Amgen made a deal. We don't know how much AbbVie paid to  Amgen, but suddenly Amgen is not going to bring its generic, in effect,  to market until 2023, but--and this is part of their agreement--they  are going to sell their biosimilar product in Europe now.    Mr. Speaker, Europe is going to get the benefit of that  lower price and the United States is not.   My question to my colleagues--it is not just about the IPAB. It is  about let's get real. Let's get real on drug prices. Let's get real on  the fee-for-service as opposed to value-based system. Let's get real on  cracking down on Medicare fraud. Let's get real on focusing on the cost  side, where all of us acknowledge bad things are happening. This fear  of these ``unelected bureaucrats,'' where it is 15 people who, at the  end of the day, whatever recommendation they want to make to us, force  us to make a hard decision as to whether it is a good recommendation or  a bad recommendation.   We are in charge. This is going to be rammed down our throat, but  what it does force us to do is start looking where the money is; rip- off drug prices, excessive procedures that actually create medical  risk.   Mr. Speaker, we do have a challenge of healthcare cost in this  country, but the focus has to be on improving the delivery system and  taking the rip-off pricing out of the system.   