 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms.  Wasserman Schultz) for yielding and to my colleagues for including this  amendment en bloc.   Mr. Chair, this amendment addresses the ongoing and, unfortunately,  growing opioid epidemic in our communities. There are 60,000 overdose  deaths each year.   I am vice chair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin  Epidemic. We are looking for ways to address this issue. It is a  complex issue, and we want to take a variety of actions to help those  suffering from the disease of addiction.   Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, are at increased  risk of abusing opioids according to the AMA, the American Medical  Association. Many brave men and women who serve come back with what is  described as invisible wounds. We know they are not invisible. We see  it every day. I have spoken to those veterans who live in my community  who suffer from PTSD and, unfortunately, from the disease of addiction.   My amendment would set aside $5 million for the National Center for  PTSD to study the connection between addiction and PTSD. Our veterans  are suffering, and this investment will help them. Let's get to the  bottom of the connection between PTSD and opioid abuse. It is a simple  but necessary way to address the epidemic.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the Congresswoman for yielding me  time.   I rise in strong opposition to this misguided Davis-Bacon amendment.   Why would anybody come to this floor and say: I want to lower the  wages for the people I represent? Why would anybody want to do that? We  are here to help people raise their local standards of living.    That is what this amendment would do: it would lower the wages for  the working conditions of those very men and women that we were elected  to serve. It would hurt the local economy, devalue the workers' pay.   Almost 100 years ago, two Republicans, Congressman James Davis and  Robert Bacon, realized there was a problem with the Federal Government  and contracts. The contracts were unfair to those local economies. In  1931,  [[Page H6425]]  unanimously approved, Davis-Bacon prevailing wage, it ensured  construction workers coming in are paid the same as local labor--as  local labor. It levels the playing field, ensures workers get paid a  fair day's pay for a hard day's work--easy answers, very easy answers.   For my colleagues supporting this amendment, I have a few questions  of you.   Do you want the Federal Government to make bad investments?   Do you want to cut those wages for the very people who elected you?   Do you want local workers to suffer, people coming into your town and  your community, and cut the wages?   I don't think so. We are not here to lower the standards. We are here  to raise the standards.   Speaking of President Trump, guess who used and paid prevailing wage?  You have got it. Donald Trump in Atlantic City. He paid prevailing  wages. He didn't have to. He did because he understood he wanted to  help the people in that economy build a good product. This is what we  are talking about: quality wages to people who go to work each and  every day and play hard and work hard, follow the rules. That is what  prevailing wage is, giving local communities a say in the Federal  Government.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this important amendment looks to the  future and what we need for our 21st century clean energy economy. It  redirects funds so we are sufficiently investing in renewable energy  jobs of tomorrow.   It is a simple change. The amendment simply moves $162 million to the  Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. It leaves the amount in  that account, and the underlying bill still exceeds what the  administration requested.   Certainly my colleague from West Virginia understands that investing  in the future in technology is extremely important.   This bill provides $354 million more for fossil fuels. But by  providing the additional resources for energy efficiency and renewable  energy, we can better meet the needs of the future economy. I happen to  agree, we need to invest in all of the above. But we also must invest  in solar, wind, water, and geothermal. In fact, New Jersey is second in  the Nation leading in solar and renewables. We must seek that cost- effective way of reducing energy costs for our manufacturing plants,  our office buildings, and certainly our homes.   We shouldn't underfund our energy future, let's make that clear. We  should invest in it, the way we are in this bill. But we can redirect a  small portion of that for future needs of renewable energy.   Tomorrow might be too late to do the investigation and that research.  We can do it today because we need a long-term strategy that takes the  best of what we do here in America and continues that. If it is clean  coal, we can do that. If it is solar, we can do that. If it is wind, we  can do that. We have the ability to do all that, and add high-paying  jobs.   Let's make this simple change and reallocate just a small portion of  the fund. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and  embrace the clean energy future.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in many ways, I think my colleague from the  other side of the aisle is agreeing with me. We need to do research,  that R&D that he is speaking about, but it is about balance. The  dollars that were in the underlying bill far exceeded that of what the  administration asked for.   We are simply saying, let's not pick one winner, let's pick them all,  and see where that technology of tomorrow is taking us.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the Congresswoman from Maine (Ms.  Pingree) for her remarks.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have left.    Mr. Chair, this is the first time I have ever heard  ``gutting'' by giving millions of additional dollars over the  administration.   I have worked in nuclear power houses, I have worked in coal power  houses, gas-fired, I have worked in solar fields. This is absolutely  about the future of our energy needs. We don't know what it holds, but  I do know that investing in research and development is the way to go.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   