 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I ask unanimous consent that I be able to speak until such  time as my remarks are concluded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, the House and the Senate are moving forward  on a final draft of our tax reform bill, and I am excited about the  progress we are making. We have one goal in mind with tax reform. It is  to provide real relief to ordinary Americans--to the parents who are  questioning whether they can afford the car they need to fit their  growing family, to the single mom who is wondering how she is going to  pay the bills this month, and to the middle-age couple worrying about a  secure retirement. Everything in our tax reform framework is centered  on providing relief to these Americans.   To start with, we are going to provide them with a substantial amount  of direct relief by lowering their tax rates and doubling the standard  deduction so that they are keeping more of their paycheck every month.   We are also going to significantly expand the child tax credit.   And we are going to simplify and streamline the Tax Code so that it  is easier for Americans to figure out what benefits they qualify for  and so they don't have to spend a lot of time and money filing their  taxes.   All of these reforms mean more money in Americans' pockets. But we  are not stopping there. We are also going to focus on reforming the  business side of the Tax Code so that we can give Americans access to  the kind of jobs, wages, and opportunities that will set them up for a  secure future.   In order for individual Americans to thrive economically, we need  American businesses to thrive. Thriving businesses create jobs. They  provide opportunities. They increase wages and invest in their workers,  and they invest in new equipment, facilities, and product lines to  innovate and expand their businesses.   Right now, though, our Tax Code is not helping businesses thrive.  Instead, it is strangling both large and small businesses with high tax  rates.   Our Nation has the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized  world--at least 10 percentage points higher than the majority of our  international competitors. That is a problem for American workers  because high tax rates leave businesses with less money to invest in  their workers, to increase wages, or to create new jobs. This situation  is compounded when you are an American business with international  competitors that are paying a lot less in taxes than you are.   It is no surprise that U.S. businesses struggling to stay competitive  in the global economy don't have a lot of resources to devote to  creating new jobs and increasing wages. A study from the White House  Council of Economic Advisers estimates that reducing the corporate tax  rate from 35 percent down to 20 percent would increase average  household income by $4,000 annually.   A second study shows a similar pay increase. Boston University  professor and public finance expert Larry Kotlikoff found that lowering  the corporate tax rate to 20 percent would increase household income by  $3,500 per year on average. That is a significant pay raise for hard- working Americans.   In addition to lowering the corporate tax rate, there is another  important thing we can do to increase the availability of jobs here at  home; that is, reforming our outdated, worldwide tax system. Under our  worldwide tax system, American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit  they make here at home, as well as on part of the profit they make  abroad, once they bring that money home to the United States.   The problem with this is that most other major world economies have  shifted from a worldwide tax system to what is called a territorial tax  system. In a territorial tax system, you pay taxes on the money you  earn where you make it and only there. You aren't taxed again when you  bring money back to your home country.   Most American companies' foreign competitors have been operating  under a territorial tax system for years. So they are paying a lot less  in taxes on the money they make abroad than American companies are, and  that  [[Page S6897]]  leaves American companies at a disadvantage.   These foreign companies can underbid American companies for new  business simply because they don't have to add as much in taxes into  the price of their products or services. When foreign companies beat  out American companies for new business, it is not just American  companies that suffer. It is American workers. It is the American  workers employed by these companies who live and work in literally  every State in the Union, and it is the American workers who work for  the small and medium-sized companies that form the supply chain here in  the United States.   For every American company that operates in countries around the  world, there are countless companies here at home that supply the raw  material for the products that are sold abroad--businesses that handle  the packaging and shipping of those product and enterprises that supply  support services like accounting, legal, and payroll services.   America's global companies rely on a web of supporting businesses  that spans the country, and when these global companies struggle, so do  these supporting businesses and their workers.   By transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax  system, we will not be just boosting wages, jobs, and opportunities for  American workers employed by these global companies, but we will also  be increasing wages, jobs, and opportunities for workers at the  countless small and medium-sized businesses throughout our country that  make up the supply chain for America's global companies.   Finally, our tax plan will tackle the other key part of improving the  playing field for American workers; that is, lowering the tax rates on  small businesses.   Small businesses are incredibly important for new job creation, but  like big companies, right now small businesses are being strangled by  high tax rates. That can make it difficult for small businesses to even  survive, much less thrive and expand their operations. Lowering small  business tax rates and making it easier for small businesses to recover  their invested capital more quickly will free up the money that small  business owners need to expand their businesses to add workers or to  give employees a raise.   Together, these aspects of tax reform are essential to reversing the  lackluster economy of the last 8 years. Americans deserve better, and  tax reform can be the key to putting this country back on the path to  solid, sustainable economic growth.   Mr. President, before I close today, I wish to switch gears for a  minute and talk about judicial nominations. We have had the chance to  confirm some excellent nominees so far this year, many of whom  Democrats have ultimately supported. But despite this fact, Democrats  have insisted on delaying the process of almost every single nomination  to a district or circuit court. That is pretty much the definition of  partisanship--when you obstruct nominees based not on any disagreement  you have with them but simply because you don't like the person who is  doing the nominating.   Democrats' delays are ultimately pretty pointless. We are not going  to stop confirming nominees just because Democrats are dragging out the  process, but these delays are a disservice to the American people.  There are a lot of important issues that the Senate needs to be  debating, from spending bills to tax reform, and the time that we waste  on pointless partisan exercises is time taken from those important  issues.   While Democrats' partisanship is frustrating, there is a much more  serious issue that has come up during these judicial confirmations;  that is, the anti-religious sentiment displayed by some of my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle during the hearing on  judicial nominee Amy Barrett's nomination, which we will be voting on  this week.   Ms. Barrett's qualifications are well known. The American Bar  Association, which rates judicial nominees, has given her its highest  rating of ``well qualified.''   As my colleague the minority leader has said, the American Bar  Association's evaluation is the ``gold standard by which judicial  candidates are judged.''   Despite her judicial qualifications, it became clear in the hearing  on her nomination that some of my colleagues think she should be  disqualified because she is a practicing Catholic. That is right.  Apparently, practicing your religion is now grounds for declaring you  unfit to be a judge.   Here is what the Constitution has to say about that. This is from  article VI: ``No religious Test shall ever be required as a  Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.''   Let me repeat that: ``No religious Test shall ever be required as a  Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.''   In other words, in the United States, you can't be disqualified from  serving as a judge because you are a believing Catholic or a believing  member of any faith. The only qualification the Constitution imposes is  a commitment to uphold the Constitution.   Yet the second-ranking Democrat in the Senate apparently thought it  was appropriate to ask Ms. Barrett if she was a practicing member of  her religion, with the implication that if she was, it might jeopardize  her fitness for being a judge.   Democrats' questioning is not going to stop Ms. Barrett's nomination,  but it is simply disturbing, nonetheless. It is a scary thing when  leaders of a major political party imply that there is no role for  religious people in public life.   I don't need to tell anybody that that is contrary to everything our  Founders stood for. The right to be able to practice religion freely-- yes, in public, too--was so fundamental to the Founders' understanding  of liberty that they made it the very first freedom mentioned in the  Bill of Rights.   People of faith have made incalculable contributions to our country,  and faith has driven some of the greatest movements in American  history, from the abolitionist movement to the civil rights movement.   I hope the Democratic Party doesn't move further down the path of  excluding religious people from public life. If they ever succeed in  excluding people of faith from government, they will have destroyed one  of the freedoms on which our country rests.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alaska.   