 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as a former law enforcement officer, I  know all too well what happens when our institutions fail to protect  our most valued and treasured among us: our children.   The recent reports of young athletes experiencing sexual assault and  abuse at the hands of trusted adults are not just abhorrent, they are  unacceptable.   Last year, tragically, one of our own young gymnasts in Mesa,  Arizona, came forward after years of abuse by a coach at his gym.   We must do better. No child anywhere should face the risk of abuse.  That is why I am proud to support the bill before us today, which will  go a long way in protecting our young athletes.   My bipartisan amendment, which is cosponsored by Congresswoman Sinema  and Congressman Biggs, simply builds on the underlying bill's spirit by  requiring national governing bodies to clearly list information and  resources, which may include sexual assault hotlines and victim support  resources, on their official websites.   As a former cop who has dealt with vulnerable victims, I know from my  experience that resources like sexual assault hotlines are a critical  tool between victims, families, local health providers, and law  enforcement.   Requiring governing bodies, like USA Gymnastics, to clearly list this  type of information on their websites is an important step forward in  ensuring support for victims and their families.   As adults and parents, we place our children in the trusted hands of  coaches, trainers, and others when we support and encourage their  involvement in sports.   We all know sports play such a critical role in so many of our  communities. It is where we learn about teamwork, resilience, hard  work, and perseverance. These spaces should be safe for children to  learn, grow, and develop as healthy athletes and adults.   We have a moral obligation to ensure our kids have protection and  access to the information they deserve. My commonsense amendment helps  do just that.   I thank Representative Sinema and Representative Biggs for their  support on this amendment, as well as the sponsors of H.R. 1973 for  their good work on this important bill.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. Sinema).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   