 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman  Frelinghuysen for his support and his team for bringing us to this  point today and this week to do what many thought couldn't be done, and  that is, getting all 12 of our appropriation bills done in a timely  fashion.   But today it is a privilege for me to present the Financial Services  and General Government Appropriations Act, and this wouldn't be  possible without Ranking Member Quigley's effort and his team, and I  appreciate their work as we have been through many months of effort  together.   But I believe this is the prosperous part of the Make America Secure  and Prosperous Appropriations Act, and I will explain why that is.  Because this bill includes many of the reforms that were found in the  CHOICE Act, which we passed earlier this spring in the House, which  eliminated many of the harmful Dodd-Frank regulations, streamlining  outdated agency processes, and reining in those rogue agencies that we  have heard so much about, while allowing the economy and the markets to  begin working for American families. And we will also restore the  financial freedoms that help Americans earn a living and achieve their  American Dream, of which we have all been hearing about over these last  weeks in August.   But this bill also invests in small businesses. It invests in the  small businesses through the SBA by $1 billion, nearly $1 billion of  new investment to the Small Business Administration, with significant  funding for small business loans and particularly to those veterans of  ours who are out there working hard and starting their own businesses.   But this bill also carries the entire Financial Institution  Bankruptcy Act, which passed this House earlier this year, as well, on  a bipartisan vote.   But IRS funding, again, is kept at a 2009 level, actually a little  bit below that, but allowing targeted investments in consumer service  and cybersecurity. But this bill maintains our commitment to the IRS  oversight that we have been working on so hard over the last couple of  years by prohibiting the harmful regulations that we have seen from  them that have impacted our 501(c)(4) organizations.   It prohibits them targeting these groups based on their political  beliefs or their exercising of their First Amendment rights, but it  also allows for many of the other protections for taxpayers that we  have been longing to do.   To combat the opioid crisis, we include more than $360 million to aid  Federal drug control programs like drug courts and drug free  communities.   But it is also important to note that we carry the pro-life  provisions that have been a pattern and a custom and a privilege that  this House has done for so many years over the past, but we have added  to that. We have expanded it by including the Harris amendment that  prohibits funding from being provided through multi-State plans that  cover abortion, and we also included a provision that repeals the  District of Columbia's assisted suicide measure.   Now, this bill comes in at about $20 billion, and that is a big  number. But let me point out that is over 6 percent less. That is a 6  percent cut just from last year, so we are making a difference.   Now, when crafting this bill, I took my direction straight from the  Members of this House, Republican and Democrat. This is a result of  your interests, interests of your constituents included in this in a  bipartisan fashion with a bipartisan vote out of committee.   Now, many tough decisions were made.    Mr. Chairman, now, many tough decisions have  been made across all these bills, but this one as well, with a strong  focus on  [[Page H6845]]  financial freedom for all Americans. Now, I believe this bill will make  America prosperous again.   So I want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen, all the subcommittee  chairs, the full committee staff, the minority staff, and ranking  members. This whole team has been great to work with, but it is  important to thank my subcommittee. They have been through a lot of  hard work with me, Mr. Chairman, and they have done a great job working  with me and the many hours of hard work and weekends that they put in.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge every Member to support this bill.   