 Mr. President, I would echo what our chairman, Senator  Thune, has said about Elaine Chao. She certainly has the qualifications  to be our next Secretary of Transportation. Clearly, she is a part of  the Senate family; as the spouse of the majority leader, we know her  well--and her government experience as the previous Secretary of Labor  and Deputy Secretary of Transportation. The Office of Government  Ethics, which is the independent agency that vets the nominees, has  certified that she is in compliance with all the laws and regulations  governing conflicts of interest.   This Senator intends to vote for her confirmation, as I did in the  committee.   Since the Senator from Arkansas, in his objection to the unanimous  consent request of the Democratic leader, made note of the absence of  Democratic members from the Finance Committee markup of a couple of the  Cabinet nominees, I want to bring to the attention of my colleagues  that indeed, there was new information that came to light overnight in  a publication in the Wall Street Journal of additional information  about the nominee for the Department of HHS, which needs to be cleared  up before the committee proceeds. So I wanted to put that on the record  and make clear one of the reasons that the Finance Committee members  objected to proceeding.   I think it interesting also that this Senator, as the ranking member  of the Commerce Committee, had some additional questions for Secretary  Chao--not questions in any kind of defensive or offensive way but  additional information. Those questions were proffered Sunday night or  early Monday morning. This Senator, not having heard all day from  Secretary Chao, called Secretary Chao. She promptly returned the call  last evening, and, lo and behold, the transition team for the Secretary  of Transportation had not even given her the questions.    One of the questions that this Senator had for Secretary Chao was  this: Given the chaos in the airports over the weekend, was she as  Secretary of Transportation concerned about the orderly administration  of those airports when such an unusual order had come down? In  addition, what about the lost tickets on getting refunds for passengers  and what about the changing of flight crews that might cause extra  expenses? These are all items that a Secretary of Transportation would  be concerned with going forward. What I found out in conversation was  that the nominee to be Secretary of Transportation had not been  consulted by the White House--not in advance, during, or after the  implementation of those orders having to do with the entry into the  United States of refugees and other immigrants.   I think we need Secretary Chao as someone who has the experience, who  has common sense, and will be in a position to offer level-headed,  good, experienced-based advice to the government going forward. It is  just the latest example of some of the fallout from this weekend's  activities.   I recommend to our Senators that we approve the nomination of  Secretary Chao, and I hope that upon her confirmation today by the  Senate, she will be sworn in forthwith.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, we yield back our time as well.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Chao  nomination?    Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the  confirmation of Rex Tillerson, the President's nominee to be Secretary  of State, and I will tell you why in two words: Vladimir Putin.   Rex Tillerson's ties to Russia have been widely reported. The Senator  from Massachusetts has outlined a number of them, specifically his ties  to President Putin, who awarded him the Order of Friendship after  signing deals with the state-owned oil company, Rosneft.   Now isn't the time to cozy up to Russia. Now is the time to stand up  to Russian aggression in Crimea, in eastern Ukraine, and Syria.   Just yesterday, we heard reports of another outbreak of fighting  between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists in war-torn  eastern Ukraine. And all you have to do is speak to a Ukrainian and let  them tell you--as I met with the former Prime Minister yesterday, and I  will be meeting with a former Member of their Parliament, let them tell  you what it is like to have the Russian Army march on your country and  take part of it away, as they did with Crimea, and then come in under  the disguise of little green men, as if they did not have ties to the  Russian Army. That is going on in eastern Ukraine right now.   Our own intelligence community has told us that the Russian President  personally ordered a campaign to influence the 2016 Presidential  election  [[Page S530]]  right here in the United States. That campaign--a mix of covert Russian  operations, cyber attacks, cyber operations, and propaganda--was only  the latest in a series of efforts to undermine American leadership and  democracies around the world and what is coming next for the elections  in Europe in the next few months.   Russia is testing us, and I am concerned that Mr. Tillerson cannot  stand up to the Russian President who, I am afraid, thinks of himself  as the next Russian czar.   In Mr. Tillerson's past, as Exxon's CEO, he lobbied against sanctions  on Russia for invading and seizing Crimea--the very sanctions that we  and our allies have put on Russia for taking over sovereign territory  of another independent country. And now it is not clear, as our  Nation's top diplomat, that Mr. Tillerson would fight to keep the  sanctions in place, even as President Trump is now considering lifting  them, despite the clear evidence of Russia's continued aggression.   During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson refused to condemn the  Russian and Syrian bombings in Aleppo as war crimes, a question that  was proffered to him by the Senator, my colleague from Florida, who  happens to sit in the Chair right now.   I also have serious concerns that Mr. Tillerson doesn't understand  the urgent need to combat climate change. You don't have to remind us  about climate change in Florida. South Florida is ground zero for  climate change. Miami Beach is awash at the seasonal high tides as the  water flows over the curbs and over the streets, causing Miami Beach to  spend hundreds of millions in taxpayer dollars to install pump  stations, raise the roads, and address all kinds of flooding and  saltwater intrusion. Other South Florida communities have had to move  their water well locations farther west because of the intrusion of  South Florida into the freshwater aquifer.    Climate change is not a problem that we are going to face some day in  the future; it is a daily struggle for communities along our coasts all  over America. The U.S. State Department is responsible for engaging  with other countries to confront both the cause of climate change and  the devastating impact of drought, sea level rise, and severe weather.   By the way, speaking of sea level rise, this Senator convened a  meeting of the Senate Commerce Committee in Miami Beach a couple of  years ago. We had testimony from a NASA scientist that measurements-- not forecasts, not projections, but measurements--in the last 40 years  of sea level rise in South Florida were 5 to 8 inches higher. That is  sea level rise. That is why even the Department of Defense is  concerned. Climate change has the potential to destabilize nations. How  about Bangladesh? It has the potential to drastically reduce potable  water supplies and result in crop loss and food shortage and to create  climate refugees.   We simply cannot play fast and loose with the science that will help  save our planet. The top diplomat of our country has to confront the  reality of climate change today and to work on it immediately. Mr.  Tillerson has not adequately laid out a plan to address that global  climate crisis.   For all the reasons I have outlined, including many more, I will vote  no.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Commander Dan  Hurd, U.S. Coast Guard, a fellow in my office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the week.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Commander Dan  Hurd, U.S. Coast Guard, a fellow in my office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the week.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   