 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President and colleagues, today the Senate turns to  consider the nomination of Seema Verma to be the Administrator of the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.   I would be the first to say that in coffee shops across the land,  people are not exactly buzzing about the office known as CMS, but the  fact is, this is an agency that controls more than a trillion dollars  in healthcare spending every year. Even more important and more  relevant right now, if confirmed, and if TrumpCare somehow gets rammed  through the Congress over loud and growing opposition, this is going to  be a major issue on her plate right at the get-go.   I thought it would be useful to just give one example of the  connection involved in this legislation. TrumpCare cuts taxes for the  special interests and the fortunate few by $275 billion, stealing a  chunk of it from the Medicare trust fund that pays for critical  services to the Nation's older people.   If TrumpCare passes and Ms. Verma is confirmed, under section 132 of  the bill, she would be able to give States a green light to push the  very frail and sick into the high-risk pools that have historically  failed at offering good coverage to vulnerable people at a price they  can afford. Under section 134 of TrumpCare, Ms. Verma would be in  charge of deciding exactly how skimpy TrumpCare plans would be and how  much more vulnerable people would be forced to pay out of their pockets  for the care they need.   Under section 135 of the bill, if confirmed, Ms. Verma could be  paving the way for health insurers to make coverage more expensive for  older people approaching retirement age.   Given all that, I want Members to understand there is a real link  between this nomination and the debate about TrumpCare, and this is, in  effect, the first discussion we have had about TrumpCare since these  bills started to get moving without any hearings and getting advanced  in the middle of the night.   The odds were against Republicans writing a single piece of  legislation that would make healthcare more expensive, kick millions  off their coverage, weaken Medicare and Medicaid, and produce this  Robin Hood in reverse, this huge transfer of wealth from working people  to the fortunate. Nobody thought you could do all of that at the same  time, but somehow the majority found a way to do it. Republicans are  rushing to get it passed before the American people catch on.   As part of this debate about Seema Verma, we are going to make sure  people understand this nomination is intertwined with what happens in  the discussion about TrumpCare and how these particularly punitive  provisions with respect to Medicare and Medicaid would affect our  people.   For 7 years, my colleagues on the other side have pointed to the  Affordable Care Act as pretty much something that would bring about the  end of Western civilization and, at a minimum, would basically continue  a system responsible for every ill in our healthcare system. That was  the argument. The Affordable Care Act is responsible for just about  every ill and will practically be the end of life as we know it.   Their slogan was to ``repeal and replace,'' and it was a slogan they  rode through four elections to very significant success. The only  problem was, it was really repeal and run, and that replacement was  nowhere in sight. Now the curtain has been lifted. The lights are  shining on TrumpCare, and it sure looks to me like there are a lot of  people not enjoying the movie. TrumpCare goes back to the days when  healthcare in America mostly worked for the healthy and the wealthy.   We have a lot of debate ahead, so we are not going to just lay it all  out here in one shot.   I do want to mention some key points on the roll that Ms. Verma, if  confirmed, would play. I want to start by addressing what this means in  terms of dollars and cents.   If you look at the fact that the Medicare tax, which everybody pays  every single time they get a paycheck, and that money is used to  preserve this program that is the promise of fairness to older people-- the Medicare tax would be cut for only one group of Americans in this  bill. I find this a staggering proposition. The people who need it the  least, couples with incomes of over $250,000, people who need it the  least would be given relief from the Medicare tax--not working  families, just the wealthy.   As I indicated, we are talking all told about $275 billion worth of  tax cuts to the special interests and the fortunate few, and it is  largely paid for by taking away assistance to working people to help,  for example, pay for their premiums.   I brought up the ACA Medicare payroll tax for a reason because I  think when Americans look at their next paycheck--if you are a cop or a  nurse and you get paid once or twice a month and you live, say, in Coos  Bay, OR, or in Medford, another Oregon community, you will see it on  your paycheck. If you are a cop or a nurse, no tax relief for you, but  if you make over $250,000--on a tax that is used to help strengthen  Medicare's finances, at a time when we are having this demographic  revolution--the relief goes to people right at the top, and you reduce  the life expectancy of the trust fund for 3 years.   The first thing I will say with respect to what this means, the  provision I have just outlined breaks a clear promise made by then- Candidate Trump not to harm Medicare.   I remember these commercials--we all saw scores and scores of them-- Candidate Trump said to America's older people--many of whom voted for  him, I think, to a great extent because they heard this promise--he  said: You know, you have worked hard for your Medicare. We are not  going to touch it. We are not going to mess with it.   When the President was asked about cutting Medicare, here is what he  said: Medicare is a program that works. People love Medicare, and it is  unfair to them. I am going to fix it and make it better, but I am not  going to cut it.   The President of the United States said he is not going to cut it.   Well, that promise not to harm Medicare lasted 6\1/2\ weeks into the  Trump administration so the wealthy--the wealthy--could get a tax  reduction, the fortunate few who need it least, and  [[Page S1721]]  the effect would be to cut by 3 years the life of the Medicare trust  fund.   I think that ought to be pretty infuriating and concerning for people  who work hard--cops and nurses and people who are 50, 55, 60 today.  They are counting on Medicare to be around when they retire, but  because TrumpCare made it a focus to give tax relief to the fortunate  few, that tax relief cuts 3 years off the life of the Medicare trust  fund.   If that wasn't enough, people who are 50, 55, 60, before Medicare,  they are going to get another gut punch. This one is in the form of  higher costs.   In parts of my home State--particularly in rural areas like Grant  County, Union County, and Lake County--I am sure I am going to hear  about this. I have townhall meetings in each one of my counties. A 60- year-old who makes $30,000 a year--now those are the people we have  long been concerned about, particularly people between 55 and 65  because they are not yet eligible for Medicare.   A 60-year-old, in communities like I just mentioned, who makes  $30,000 a year, could see their costs go up $8,000 or more. The reason  that is the case is a big part of TrumpCare. It is based on something  we call an age tax.    Back in the day when I was the director of the Oregon Gray Panthers-- and I was really so fortunate at a young age to be the director of the  group for close to 7 years--we couldn't imagine something like the hit  on vulnerable older people that this age tax levies. Republicans want  to give the insurance companies the green light to charge older  Americans five times as much as they charge younger Americans. The  reality is that older people are going to pay a lot more under  TrumpCare. That is what we were trying to prevent all those years with  the Gray Panthers. We didn't want to see older people pay more for  their healthcare, the way they are going to under TrumpCare if they are  50 or 55 or 60.   I think the real question is whether they are going to be able to  afford insurance at all. The reality is that a lot of those older  people whom I have just described--and I have met them at my townhall  meetings--every single week they are walking on an economic tightrope.  They balance their food costs against their fuel costs and their fuel  costs against their rent costs. Along comes TrumpCare and pushes them  off the economic tightrope where they just won't be able to pay the  bills, particularly older people in rural areas.   So the reality is that it is expensive to get older in America, and  we ought to be providing tools to help older people. But what TrumpCare  does is, instead of giving tools to older people to try to hold down  the costs, TrumpCare basically empties the toolbox of assistance and  basically makes older people pay more.   Next, I want to turn to the Medicaid nursing home benefit. Working  with senior citizens, I have seen so many older people--the people who  are on an economic tightrope, who are scrimping and saving--even as  they forego anything that wouldn't be essential, burn through their  savings. So when it is time to pay for nursing home care, they have to  turn to Medicaid. The Medicaid Program picks up the bill for two out of  every three seniors in nursing homes.   Now, today the Medicaid nursing home benefit comes with a guarantee.  I want to emphasize that it is a guarantee that our country's older  people will be taken care of. All of those folks--the grandparents whom  we started working for in those Gray Panther days--had an assurance  that grandparents wouldn't be kicked out on the street. TrumpCare ends  that guarantee.   You could have State programs forced into slashing nursing home  budgets. You could see nursing homes shut down and the lives of older  people uprooted. We could, in my view, have our grandparents that are  depending on this kind of benefit get nickeled and dimed for the basics  in home care that they have relied on.   When it comes to Medicaid, TrumpCare effectively ends the program as  it exists today, shredding the healthcare safety net in America. It  doesn't only affect older people in nursing homes. It puts an  expiration date--a time stamp--on the Medicaid coverage that millions  of Americans got through the Affordable Care Act. For many of those  vulnerable persons, it was the first time they had health insurance. So  what TrumpCare is going to come along and do is to put a cap on that  Medicaid budget and just squeeze them down until vulnerable persons'  healthcare is at risk.   If low-income Americans lose their coverage through Medicaid, it is a  good bet that the only TrumpCare plans they will be able to afford are  going to be worth less than a Trump University degree.   I want to move next to the effects of the bill on opioid abuse.  Clearly, by these huge cuts to Medicaid, TrumpCare is going to make  America's epidemic of prescription drug abuse-related deaths even  worse. Medicaid is a major source of coverage for mental health and  substance use disorder treatment, particularly after the Affordable  Care Act, but this bill takes away coverage from millions who need it.  We have had Republican State lawmakers speaking out about this issue as  well as several Members of the majority in the Congress.   Colleagues, just about every major healthcare organization is telling  the Congress not to go forward with the TrumpCare bill--physicians,  hospitals, AARP--that is just the beginning. But the majority is just  charging forward, rushing to get this done as quickly as possible.   We are going to have more to say about these issues.   I see my colleagues here.   To close, just by intertwining, how this appointment is going to be a  key part of the discussion of TrumpCare revolves around the questions  we asked Ms. Verma.   For example, I was trying to see if this bill would do anything to  help older people hold down the cost of medicine. Now we have heard the  new President talk about how he has all kinds of ideas about  controlling the cost of medicine. Here was a bill that could have done  something about it.   I see my colleagues, Senator Stabenow and Senator Cantwell.   I said to the nominee: I would be interested in any idea you have-- any idea you have--to hold down the cost of medicine. On this side we  have plenty of ideas. We want to make sure that Medicare could bargain  to hold down the cost of medicine. We have been interested in policy to  allow for the importation of medicine. We said: Let's lift the veil of  secrecy on pharmaceutical prices.   I asked Ms. Verma: How about one idea--just one--that you would be  interested in that would help older people with their medicine costs.  She wouldn't give us one example.   I am going to go through more of those kinds of questions, because  the reality is--and I see Senators Stabenow and Cantwell here--that  what we got in the committee was essentially healthcare happy talk.  Every time we would ask a question, she would say: I am for the  patients; I want to make sure everybody gets good care.   So I thank my colleagues, and I yield for Senator Cantwell.    The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.    Of course.    Of course.    Of course.    Of course.    My colleague from Washington is ever logical.   When I looked at this, I thought of it as an innovation desert  because I was looking for some new, fresh ideas. We have seen some of  them from Senator Cantwell's State, and I think the Senator from  Washington makes a very  [[Page S1722]]  important point with that poster because the reality is that this is a  cap. This is a limit on what States are going to get. As I touched on  in my comments, I think what is going to happen is this cap is not  going to be enough money for the needs. I think this is going to slash  the help for nursing home care under Medicaid, which pays two-thirds of  the bill, and I think the nursing home care under this flawed TrumpCare  proposal is going to get nickeled and dimed.   My colleague from Washington is right. I tried to read section by  section, and we have read it several times. But we wanted to make sure  to look--to my colleague's point--for innovation, and this proposal is  an innovation desert.    If I can add this, because I think my colleagues are  making a very important point. If you look at the demographics, there  are going to be 10,000 people turning 65 every day for years and years  to come. Senators Stabenow and Cantwell are making a point about  flexibility. The reality is, if I look at the demographic picture, we  are going to need more out of a lot of care options--institutional  care, community-based coverage. But I think the point Senator Cantwell  started us on is that, at a time when we have a demographic where we  are going to need more for a variety of care options--a continuum of  care--what my State is basically saying is that we are going to get  less of everything. There is going to be less money for the older  people who have nursing home needs. I am looking at a new document from  the Oregon Department of Human Services, and it indicates that we are  going to lose substantial amounts--something like $150 million for  community-based kinds of services. So I appreciate the point my two  colleagues are making.    I would only add that what we learned in our hearings and  in our discussion is that women, particularly the women served by the  Medicaid Program, are really dealing with the consequences of opioid  addiction as well.   In our part of the world, I would say to Senator Stabenow and Senator  Casey--in Oregon and Washington--we feel like we have been hit with a  wrecking ball with this opioid problem. Again, when Senator Cantwell  talks about shifting the costs, she is not talking about something  abstract. This  [[Page S1723]]  is going to take away money for opioid treatment.   So I am very pleased that my colleague is making these points, and I  look forward to the presentation.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, here we are, with our colleagues on their  way home, and I thought it would be helpful to take a minute and give  an assessment of where the TrumpCare debate is at this point because we  have seen the two major committees in the House act. Some $300 billion  was slashed from safety net health programs, while insurance company  executives making over $500,000 annually were given a juicy tax break  as a bonus.   To put this into perspective, this tax break that the insurance  companies' CEOs seem to have after two committees in the other body  have acted on TrumpCare--the amount of the bonuses for the insurance  company executives would be enough to cover the TrumpCare-created  shortfall in Oregon's community-based services for the elderly and the  disabled two or three times over.   What we are talking about is how hundreds of billions of dollars in  tax breaks are going to the fortunate few and special interests, while  some of the money is coming from stealing a chunk of those dollars from  the Medicare trust fund. And this is very much intertwined with the  nominee's work because she would be overseeing Medicare payments to  rural hospitals in places like Louisiana and Oregon.   What I am going to turn to now is what TrumpCare, based on these two  committees, means for rural areas. And, of course, it repeals the  Medicaid expansion. It caps the Medicaid Program. In my own view, and I  know the Senator from Louisiana knows a lot about healthcare, in rural  communities--and most of our towns are under 10,000 in population. I am  from southeast Portland. I love southeast Portland. The only regret is  I didn't get to play for the Portland Trail Blazers. Most of the  communities in our State are under 10,000 in population. As the Senator  from Louisiana knows, we are talking about critical access facilities.  We are talking about sole community hospitals. We are talking about the  facilities that deal with acute care.   During the last major break over the President's holiday, I started  what is going to be a yearlong effort for me, and I called it the rural  healthcare listening tour. It is eye-popping to have those rural  healthcare providers who in my State have worked so hard to find ways  to get beyond turf and battles, to work together--the hospitals, the  doctors, the community health centers, and the like. They have built an  extraordinary effort that helps to wring more value out of scarce  dollars. Their programs are based on quality, not on volume.   By the way, they are a huge source of economic growth and jobs for  our rural communities. I spent the President's Day recess, and the next  major recess as well getting out and listening to them. The verdict  from Oregon's healthcare providers, who have worked very hard at being  innovative, trying to make better use of what are called nontraditional  services, said these kinds of cuts are not an option if you want to  meet the needs of so many who have signed up as a result of the  Medicaid expansion.   TrumpCare ends the Medicaid expansion, rolling back Federal matching  funds in 2020. The rural hospitals in my State are frequently the only  healthcare provider available for hundreds of miles. The Medicaid  expansion helped these hospitals keep their doors open.   I don't think it is hard to calculate why the hospitals are speaking  out against the flood approach of TrumpCare. They have a lot of  facilities in rural areas that are already on tight margins. If these  communities lose the ability to cover needy people, some of the  essential hospitals--and I just described three types of them--are  going to have to close, and the reality is going to be that patients  aren't going to have any doctor anywhere nearby.   Understand, if the majority insists on ramrodding TrumpCare through-- and at this point we have, I believe--staff just told me that there  aren't any budget estimates. As of now, the Congressional Budget Office  is tasked with providing accurate assessments of the budget  implications. There are not any budget implications.   So here is the latest. It comes from media that I think is not  considered by many Trump supporters to be a purveyor of fake news. This  comes from FOX News. They said: Unknown in the new healthcare plan,  unknown in TrumpCare--the cost. How many lose or gain insurance?   I am very pleased that my colleague from New Hampshire has come to  join me because some of this, I would say to my friend from New  Hampshire, leaves you incredulous because this comes from FOX News. FOX  News is hardly a source for what many Trump supporters would consider  fake news. FOX News is asking the question because they are saying it  is unknown. It is unknown in the new healthcare plan, Senator Shaheen,  according to FOX News. The cost is unknown, and how many lose or gain  insurance is unknown.   I would say to my colleagues, because my friend from Louisiana has  joined the Finance Committee, and I remember welcoming him and Senator  McCaskill, our new members. My colleague from Louisiana is a physician  and is very knowledgeable about these issues. I don't know how you have  a real healthcare debate in America--and I have been working on this  since I was director of the Gray Panthers at home back in the days when  I had a full head of hair and rugged good looks. When we would start a  debate, nobody would consider starting it without having an idea of  costs or how many lose or gain insurance. How much more basic, I say to  Senator Shaheen, does it get than that? Are these ``gotcha'' questions?  Are these alternative facts? Are these people who are hostile to  conservatives? I think not. FOX News--unknown in the new healthcare  plan.   I have been outlining what this means in terms of the transfer of  wealth from working families in New Hampshire and Oregon to the most  fortunate in our country--people who make $250,000 or more. They are  actually going to be the only people in America who get their Medicare  tax cut. So you have this enormous transfer of wealth, what I call the  reverse Robin Hood: taking from the working people and giving to the  fortunate few.   After two committees have now acted in the other body--two committees  have acted--FOX News says the big questions are outstanding. The  Senator from New Hampshire knows a lot about rural healthcare. I was  just outlining to my colleagues what this means for critical access  hospitals, sole community hospitals, acute care facilities. These are  the centerpieces of many rural communities, the essence of rural life.  You can't have rural life without rural healthcare.   Here we are on Thursday afternoon--with many of our colleagues out  there tackling jet exhaust fumes heading home--and the big questions,  according to FOX News, are outstanding.   I am very pleased the Senator is here. As usual, she is very prompt  and appreciated.   I look forward to her remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    My colleague is making a very important point. I think we  all know the Senate budget process is a lot of complicated lingo.  People in the coffee shops in New Hampshire and Oregon don't follow all  the fine points of reconciliation.   As the Senator has just said, what they are using is a process that  is known as reconciliation. That is the most partisan process you can  come up with. There is no more partisan kind of process, and we were  talking about the tally. As of this afternoon, two committees in the  House have acted.   The Senator from New Hampshire just mentioned, I think, there were 11  Republican amendments in just one of the committees.    As of this afternoon at 4, after hours and hours of  debate, I am of the impression that not a single significant Democratic  amendment has been adopted--so the Senator's point of highlighting the  difference in the process, where we had all of the hearings and all of  the opportunities that you have to have to get a good, bipartisan bill.   As my colleague knows, I don't take a backseat to anybody in terms of  bipartisan approaches in healthcare. I have worked with Republicans-- Chairman Hatch, chronic care. Senator Bennet and I worked on a bill  with eight Democrats and eight Republicans. I appreciate your making  this point.   As of this afternoon, as far as I can tell, no Democratic amendment  has been adopted. You highlighted 11 Republican amendments getting  adopted in just one committee. As we indicated, FOX News--not exactly  hostile to some of the ideas being advanced by the majority--has  certainly called them out on this.    Mr. President, before my colleague from New Hampshire  leaves, does she have a quick minute for a question?    I thank her for her presentation. It was factual and very  specific, and I think it really highlighted so many of the concerns  that we have at this point.   I want to see if I could get this straight on the opioid issue. Here  you all are in New Hampshire, right in the center of the Presidential  campaign. All of the candidates are coming through, and they are  practically trying to outdo each other in terms of their pledges to  deal with this wrecking ball that is the opioid addiction that has  swept through New Hampshire  [[Page S1729]]  and, of course, my own home State as well.   I remember then-Candidate Trump being particularly strong and  assertive about how he was going to fight opioids.   I think what my colleague said--and I am curious, so I am going to  ask a couple of questions because I don't think folks even in my home  State are aware of some of these things. So I am going to ask my  colleague about it.   Are folks in New Hampshire aware at this point--my colleague put up  that Trump chart, showing how the people didn't know what was being cut  and how much it was going to cost and all the rest. Are people in New  Hampshire at this point aware of the fact that this is essentially  after a campaign in their home State, which certainly put out a lot of  TV commercials and campaign rhetoric in the fight on opioids?   I think my colleague said that when people unpack this, they are  going to see that this is a major broken promise, that TrumpCare is a  major broken promise on opioids because, in terms of the time sequence,  they all had debates and commercials, then we finally got some money in  order to have treatment.   And I think what my colleague said is that now, as a result of  TrumpCare and the cap on Medicaid, there will not be the funds to get  the treatment to people who are so needy. Is that what this is going to  be about in New Hampshire?    I think my colleague's point is well taken.   As we have been saying, this is very much intertwined with the Seema  Verma nomination because what we learned in the committee is, in  Indiana, where she touts her pioneering work, if somebody had an  inability to pay for a short period of time, they would be locked out  of the program. So in terms of Medicaid, this is going to cause a real  hardship.   I had already outlined that it is going to cause a hardship in  another program that is important to New Hampshire, and that is  Medicare, because we are implementing what is called the MACRA, the new  reimbursement system for doctors. We asked her questions about rural  care, and she didn't know the answer either.   I particularly wanted my colleague to walk us through this situation  with respect to how New Hampshire residents are going to see TrumpCare  as it relates to opioid addiction after they have all these grandiose  promises and the many debates and commercials.   I thought I would ask if my colleague has time for one other  question.   In New Hampshire, as in Oregon, we have a lot of seniors. It looks to  me as if somebody who is, say, 58 years old or 62 years old is just  going to get hammered by what we call the age tax because in these  bills, which are now moving like a freight train with the House already  moving in two committees, Republicans want to give insurance companies  a green light to charge older people five times as much as they charge  younger people. So I cited a number of my small, rural counties--Grant  County, Union County, Lake County--and how a 60-year-old who makes  $30,000 a year can see their insurance costs, because of the age tax,  go up something like $8,000 a year.   I don't have the numbers as of now--Finance staff is still working on  that for every single State--but obviously that tax sure looks like it  is going to hit somebody in New Hampshire, an older person, people  before they are eligible for Medicare, and particularly in that 55-to- 65 bracket. It looks like it is going to hit them very hard. How is  that going to be received, because in my time in New Hampshire, we  talked about it, and a lot of those people really are walking on  economic tightropes. They are balancing their food bill against their  fuel bill and their fuel bill against their rent bill. I know my  colleague spends a lot of time trying to advocate for them, help them  through small business approaches. How are they going to be able to  absorb what is clearly going to be thousands of dollars in new out-of- pocket health costs?    I thank my colleague.   We have heard Republicans say repeatedly that anything they are going  to do with Medicare is not going to hurt today's enrollees or people  nearing retirement. The fact is, TrumpCare hurts both. It is going to  shorten the life expectancy of the Medicare trust fund, and those older  people--I will be curious, when my colleague returns--I will be very  interested to hear what seniors in New Hampshire who are 56 to 68 and  are walking on that economic tightrope are going to say.   I thank my colleague from New Hampshire for the excellent  presentation.    I thank my colleague, and we are going to prosecute this  cause together.   I see that the chairman of the Finance Committee has arrived. He  graciously said I could take another 5 minutes or so of our time.   Before we wrap up this part of our presentation, I want to point out  that we have outlined how people who are dealing with the consequences  of opioid addiction would be hurt by TrumpCare. We have outlined how  seniors who are not yet eligible for Medicare are going to be hurt and  how seniors who are now on Medicare are going to certainly be hurt by  reducing access to nursing home benefits. Now I would like to wrap up  by going to the other end of the age spectrum and talk for a moment  about children.   Nearly half of Medicaid recipients are kids, and the program of the  Republicans--now that we have two committees in effect out of chute  with their proposals--restructures the program in the most arbitrary  way, using these caps, shifting costs to States. And the reality is  that Medicaid is a major source of help for children. There is early  and periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment benefits. But with  reduced funding, the States are going to be forced to make difficult  decisions about which benefits they can keep providing. States are  going to be forced to reduce payments to providers, particularly for  kids, providers such as pediatric specialists, and limit access  to lifesaving specialty care.    My own sense is that this is shortsighted at best, and it is like  throwing the evidence about children and their health needs in the  trash can. Children receiving Medicaid benefits are more likely to  perform better in school, miss fewer days of school, and pursue higher  education.   Before I yield the floor to my good friend and colleague Chairman  Hatch, I want to come back to what disturbs me the most about all of  this. All of these dramatic changes to Medicare and Medicaid that strip  seniors and some of our most vulnerable citizens are being made at the  cost of hundreds of billions of dollars to these programs while, in  effect, there is an enormous transfer of wealth given to the most  fortunate in America in the two bills that were passed by the other  body today in the committee. In effect, for example, people who make  over $250,000 will not have to make the additional payments under the  Medicare tax. If ever there were a group of people in America who  doesn't need additional tax relief, it is those people.   As we wrap up this portion of the presentation, I want people to just  think about looking at their paycheck. Every time you get a paycheck in  America, there is a line for Medicare tax. Everybody pays it. It is  particularly important right now because 10,000 people will be turning  65 every day for years and years to come.   What the tax provisions of this legislation mean--and they are part  of hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts--for insurance  executives making over $500,000 annually, there are yet additional  juicy writeoffs, while seniors and those of modest means are going to  bear the brunt of those reductions. Nothing illustrates it more than  cutting the Medicare tax, colleagues.   I don't know how anyone can go home in any part of the country and  say: You know, we are going to have to charge older people between 50  and 65 a lot more for their coverage, and by the way, insurance company  executives making $500,000 a year are going to get more tax relief. I  don't think it passes the smell test in America. It is reverse Robin  Hood. There is no other way to describe it. It is transferring wealth  from working families and those who are the most vulnerable. When  working Americans see their paycheck and see the Medicare tax, I hope  they remember that in this bill, the Medicare tax is reduced for only  one group of people--people making more than $250,000 a year.   I want tax reform. The chairman of the Finance Committee knows that.  I have introduced proposals to do that. But I don't know how we get tax  reform when they are giving the relief to the people at the top of the  economic ladder and it is coming out of the pockets of working people  and working families. Everybody is going to be able to see it right on  their paycheck, right there with the Medicare tax.   I think we will continue this debate, but on issue after issue, with  the nominee on the floor, Ms. Verma, what she will do if confirmed is  directly related to TrumpCare. For example, we told her in the  committee that we wanted her to give one example--just one--of an idea  to hold down pharmaceutical prices, which is something else that is  important to older people.   TrumpCare, by the way, could have included proposals to try to help  hold down the cost of medicine. Guess what, folks. On pharmaceutical  prices, there is no there, there either. It doesn't do anything to help  people.   This vote we will have on Tuesday is the first step in the discussion  of how this particular nominee would handle the implementation of  TrumpCare. Her job oversees Medicare payments to hospitals. It is  really intertwined, this nomination and TrumpCare, and we couldn't get  any responses to how she meets the needs of working families, as I just  mentioned, with respect to pharmaceuticals, and we are pretty much in  the dark with respect to how she would carry out her duties. As of now,  we don't see how she is going to do much to try to eliminate some of  the extraordinary harm that is going to be inflicted on the vulnerable  and seniors on Medicare and Medicaid as a result of TrumpCare.   I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.   