 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this  time.   I have to give it to Speaker Ryan and to President Trump and all of  my Republican colleagues. I have to give them their due. They announced  earlier this year they would cut taxes for corporate special interests,  and today they are following through on that promise.   The problem is, in order to do it, they are raising taxes on middle  class families. Don't take my word for it. Listen to them.   The Republicans started this process by saying that every American,  everyone in America, will get a tax cut. Now they are saying, on  average, people will get a tax cut, and even that is incorrect.   It is time to be honest with the American people. What we have before  [[Page H9402]]  us today isn't a bill, it is a scam--a scam that will hurt homeowners  in Irvine, California, in Mrs. Walters' district; a scam that will hurt  seniors in Lancaster, New York, in Congressman Chris Collins' district;  a scam that will hurt students in Toms River, New Jersey, in Tom  MacArthur's district; a scam that will hurt veterans in Barrington,  Illinois, in Pete Roskam's district; and a scam that will absolutely  hurt the middle class in every congressional district in our country,  36 million people to be exact.   In my district, a quarter of all homeowners will lose the ability to  deduct their taxes, but corporate special interests, they can still  deduct their taxes under the GOP plan.   Mr. Speaker, 20,000 students in Queens and the Bronx, in my district,  will lose one of the most effective ways to pay down their student loan  debt. That is right. Republicans are eliminating the ability to deduct  the interest on student loan payments.   This scam eliminates the assistance for small businesses to hire  veterans here at home, but it continues the tax breaks to ship American  jobs overseas. Yes, you heard that correctly. Republicans and President  Trump are doling out tax breaks for companies to move overseas but will  take away benefits to hire American veterans right here at home.   These aren't the values of my constituents, but, apparently, they are  the values of Speaker Ryan, President Trump, and the entire  congressional Republican caucus.   So how did we end up here? It is because when the Republicans sat  down to write this bill, they didn't have the average American in mind.  They had their wealthy donors and corporate friends in mind.  Republicans started tax reform with this question: How do we get  the corporate rate down? Democrats would have started with the  question: How do we raise up the middle class?    Republicans wrote a bill, a tax scam, that benefits people who own  second and third homes, but they left behind average American  homeowners. They left behind teachers, who use their own money to buy  school supplies. They left average Americans behind, because they never  had you in mind to begin with.    Mr. Speaker, on behalf of hardworking Americans  throughout this country, I say, vote ``no'' on H.R. 1, vote ``no'' on  H.R. 1 percent.   