 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour  and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until  6:30.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning  hour and noon for legislative business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next  week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business  today.   In addition, the House will consider three bills that help modernize  our energy infrastructure and fully utilize America's natural  resources.   First will be H.R. 2910, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for  Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act, sponsored by Representative Bill  Flores. This bill would ensure better coordination between FERC and  other agencies in the permitting of new pipelines, while improving  accountability by requiring more public disclosures.   Next would be H.R. 2883, the Promoting Cross-Border Energy  Infrastructure Act, sponsored by Representative Markwayne Mullin. This  important bill establishes a uniform and transparent process for  constructing electric transmission facilities and cross-border  pipelines.   And third, H.R. 806, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act,  sponsored by Representative Pete Olson, which streamlines the  compliance process and ensures reasonable implementation of the 2015  air quality standards.   Lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 218, the King Cove  Land Exchange Act, sponsored by Representative Don Young. This land  exchange will provide the residents of King Cove a safe and reliable  transportation route to necessary medical care.   I look forward to passing these critical bills in the House.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible in  the House.   Mr. Speaker, if I could take a moment and wish Chairman Thornberry a  happy birthday tomorrow. I think passing his bill today was that  birthday gift from all.   I will notify Members of any changes to our schedule.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   As of now, I have no scheduled changes to what has been announced. I  do want to notify the Members, though, when the Senate sends us a  healthcare bill, if we are still in session, we will move to the  healthcare bill. If we are out, back in our districts, I would give  them a notified time appropriate to come back and begin our work. We  would not wait until the recess is over. We would begin work.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I have two good pieces of information I would take from there. The  Budget Committee will be marking up in committee next week.  Appropriations, as you know, because you were a member of it, I have  never seen appropriations work like they have this year, knowing that  we have a new administration, knowing that you get the budget late, but  they have every single bill, all 12, out of subcommittee already. As of  the end of the day, they will have seven out of full committee, and at  the end of next week, they will have all 12 done through subcommittee  and full committee.   So I knew you would be excited. Those are concerns of yours.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, no decision has been made yet. Knowing that we are in a  different situation with a new administration, there is an opportunity  to do it differently but be able to make sure we take up all the bills.  I will keep the gentleman notified of when decisions are made.     Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding and for the  question.   Mr. Speaker, I do agree with the gentleman on the premise that it is  responsible fiscal policy and it is important to our country's ability  to succeed, that includes honoring the full faith and credit of the  United States.   The last information I was given, I believe this is public, is that  the debt ceiling will not run out until October. There was conversation  that that could have been earlier, but we will continue to work with  you and Secretary Mnuchin to make sure we pass an extension.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman knows, unfortunately, in the Senate, we  had a constitutional challenge on a blue slip on the way they passed  their bill. There is concern on this side that we want to make sure we  move that bill in a very quick manner and do it correctly.   I do believe that there is a bill that moved out of here that there  is an addition that should be added, North Korea. That came out of here  419-1, but I believe Iran, the work that Russia has done, and what  North Korea has done, it would be a very strong statement for all of  America to get that sanction bill completed and done and to the  President's desk as soon as possible.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 17, 2017, when  it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for  legislative business.   