 Mr. Speaker, an overwhelming majority of  Americans--some 60 to 64 percent, according to pollsters--support legal  protection for pain-capable unborn children at, at least, the 20th  week, or about 5 months.   Today we know that unborn babies not only die, but suffer  excruciating pain during dismemberment abortion, a cruelty that rips  arms and legs off of a helpless child. Even Supreme Court Justice  Anthony Kennedy, the swing vote on the court in the Stenberg vs.  Carhart decision said: ``The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human  adult or child would. It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from  limb.''   He points out that, with a D&E dismemberment abortion, ``the fetus  can be alive at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can  survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.''   Mr. Speaker, even if pain wasn't present, dismembering a child is  violence against children, and it is inhumane. But these babies at this  age actually suffer.   Dr. Robert White, a professor of neurology at Case Western Reserve  University, has said: ``An unborn child at 20 weeks is fully capable of  experiencing pain. Without question, abortion is a dreadfully painful  experience for that child.''   Dr. Colleen Malloy, a professor at the Division of Neonatology at  Northwestern, in her testimony before the House Judiciary Committee  said: ``When we speak of infants at 20 weeks post-fertilization, we no  longer have to rely on inference or ultrasound imagery because such  premature patients are kicking, moving, and reacting and developing  right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive care unit. ``   Again, these children are there being assisted, and if you touch  them, if you try to dismember them once they are born, they will feel  the pain. In like manner, an unborn child at 20 weeks' gestation will  feel the pain. She points out that she would never, ever commit such  cruelty to a child.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, H.R. 36.    Madam Speaker, a former abortionist, Dr.  Levatino testified before Congress and described how he and other  abortionists actually kill helpless babies. He killed 1,200 of them. He  said: ``Imagine, if you can, that you are a pro-choice OB-GYN like I  was. Using a Sopher 13-inch clamp with rows of ridges or teeth, grasp  anything you can inside the womb. Once you grasp something inside,  squeeze on the clamp, set the jaws and pull hard--really hard. You feel  something let go, and out pops a fully formed leg about 6 inches long.  [[Page H7720]]  Reach in again and grasp anything you can, and out pops an arm. Reach  in again, and again, and again with the clamp, and tear out the spine,  the intestines, the heart and lungs.''   Even if pain wasn't present, Madam Speaker, dismembering a child is  violence against children, and it is inhumane. But these babies  actually suffer excruciating pain during the abortion.   Dr. Colleen Malloy from Northwestern University has said: ``In  today's medical arena, we resuscitate patients at 20 weeks and are able  to witness their ex-utero growth. I could never imagine subjecting my  tiny patients to horrific procedures such as those that involve limb  detachment.''   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 36.   Overwhelming majorities of Americans--some 60-64% according to  pollsters--support legal protection for pain-capable unborn children.   Today we know that unborn babies not only die but suffer excruciating  pain during dismemberment abortion--a cruelty that rips arms and legs  off a helpless child.   A former abortionist, Dr. Anthony Levatino, testified before Congress  that he had performed 1,200 abortions--over 100 late-term abortions up  to 24 weeks.   Dr. Levatino described what the abortionist actually does to the  helpless child. ``Imagine if you can that you are a pro-choice  obstetrician/gynecologist like I was.'' Using a Sopher 13'' clamp with  rows of ridges or teeth, ``grasp anything you can'' inside the womb.  ``Once you've grasped something inside, squeeze on the clamp to set the  jaws and pull hard--really hard. You feel something let go and out pops  a fully formed leg about six inches long. Reach in again and grasp  anything you can . . . and out pops an arm.'' He noted that ``a second  trimester D&E abortion is a blind procedure.'' He said, ``Reach in  again and again with that clamp and tear out the spine, intestines,  heart and lungs.''   Madam Speaker, even U.S. Supreme Court Justice Kennedy gets it. In  his dissent to the U.S. Supreme Court's 2000 Stenberg v Carhart  decision, Justice Kennedy observed that in D&E dismemberment abortions,  ``The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or child would:  It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb. The fetus can be alive  at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can survive for a  time while its limbs are being torn off.'' Justice Kennedy added in the  Court's 2007 opinion in Gonzales v. Carhart that D&E abortions are  ``laden with the power to devalue human life . . .''   Even if pain wasn't present, dismembering a child is violence against  children and inhumane. But these babies actually suffer.   Dr. Robert White, professor of neurosurgery at Case Western Reserve  University said an unborn child at 20 weeks gestation ``is fully  capable of experiencing pain . . . without question, (abortion) is a  dreadfully painful experience . . .''   In an expert report prepared for the U.S. Justice Department, Dr.  Kanwaljeet S. Anand, a pediatrician specializing in the care of  critically ill newborns and children who has conducted intensive  research of pain and stress in the human newborn and fetus said: ``. .  .the human fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks  gestation, if not earlier, and the pain perceived by the fetus is  possibly more intense than that perceived by term newborns or older  children . . .'' Why? Dr. Anand points out that ``the highest density  of pain receptors per square inch of skin in human development occurs  in utero from 20 to 30 weeks gestation . . . Thus, a fetus at 20 to 32  weeks of gestation would experience a much more intense pain than older  infants or children or adults.''   Dr. Colleen Malloy, assistant professor, Division of Neonatology at  the Northwestern University, in her testimony before the House  Judiciary Committee said: ``When we speak of infants at 20 weeks post- fertilization we no longer have to rely on inferences or ultrasound  imagery, because such premature patients are kicking, moving and  reacting and developing right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive  care unit.''   Dr. Malloy went on to say, ``in today's medical arena, we resuscitate  patients at this age and are able to witness their ex-utero growth.''  She says ``I could never imagine subjecting my tiny patients to  horrific procedures such as those that involve limb detachment or  cardiac injection''   In an undercover video released by David Daleidan, a Planned  Parenthood Medical Director explains that before beginning a late  abortion she completes a clinical documentation form that says ``I  intend to utilize dismemberment techniques for this procedure.''   Notice the words--``dismemberment techniques''--in order to ``extract  the fetus in multiple parts.''   But seriously, we've known much of this for years. In 2006 I authored  the Unborn Child Pain Awareness Act that garnered 250 votes in favor-- including 40 Democrats--to 162 against. I remember thinking on the day  of the vote: ``how can anyone vote to refuse to make child pain  information part of informed consent?''   Congressman Trent Franks has authored four extraordinarily important  bills over the years to actually protect pain-capable babies in federal  law from the violence of abortion including Pain-Capable Unborn Child  Protection Acts that passed the House of Representatives in 2013 and  again in 2015. Tragically, President Obama vowed to veto this child  protection legislation and the Senate failed to even pass it. However,  should the House pass H.R. 36 today and if the Senate passes it as  well, President Trump has said he would sign it.   Not only will babies be protected by federal law at five months and  the pain suffered by these babies averted, but H.R. 36 requires that a  late abortion permitted under limited circumstances provide the ``best  opportunity for the unborn child to survive'' and that ``a second  physician trained in neonatal resuscitation'' be ``present and prepared  to provide care to a child'' to the same degree as the Born-Alive  Infants Protection Act of 2002.   Thus, ``any health care practitioner present at the time shall  humanely exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and  diligence to preserve the life and health of the child as a reasonably  diligent and conscientious health care practitioner would render to a  child born alive at the same gestational age in the course of a natural  birth.''   Moreover, ``following the care required to be rendered . . . the  child born alive shall be immediately transported and admitted to the  hospital.''   Sixteen states have enacted pain-capable unborn child laws that  closely parallel the bill before us today. These include Ohio, Texas,  Nebraska, Idaho, Oklahoma, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Arkansas, North  Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia, Wisconsin, South Carolina,  Kentucky and Kansas.   Madam Speaker, I respectfully ask that my colleagues respect unborn  children as our nation's littlest patients who like any other patient  may need diagnosis and benign interventions to treat disability or  disease.   And preemies are surviving earlier and healthier as technology and  medical science advance. Micah Pickering is a healthy 5 year old today.  He was born prematurely at 20 weeks and was the size of this M&M candy  bag. Micah is the face of the pro-life movement. That is why the bill  before us today is ``Micah's Law.''   A recent study of nearly 5,000 babies published in the New England  Journal of Medicine confirmed that nearly a quarter of the premature  babies born at 22 weeks survived. (Let me note that the 22 weeks  gestational age referred to in the study is equivalent to 20 weeks  fetal age using the age dating system employed by H.R. 36).   Researchers at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) are  developing a technology that they hope--in a decade--will be the new  standard of care for extremely premature infants. Building a bridge  between the mother's womb and the outside world, the artificial wombs  provide a soft, sterile, fluid filled environment for the child to  continue to grow.   The babies we seek to protect from harm today may survive if treated  humanely, with expertise and compassion--not the cruelty of the  abortion.   Four years ago, Pennsylvania abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell was  convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill and involuntary manslaughter  and sentenced to life imprisonment.   Even though the news of Gosnell's child slaughter was largely  suppressed by the mainstream media, many of my colleagues may remember  that Dr. Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where  women died and countless babies were dismembered or chemically  destroyed often by having their spinal cords snipped----all gruesome  procedures causing excruciating pain to the victim.   The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, Micah's Law, is needed  now more than ever because there are Gosnells all over America,  dismembering and decapitating pain-capable babies for profit. The bill  protects kids from preventable pain--and death.   