 Mr. President, last Wednesday at the White House,  President Trump invited Republican Senators there, and he recommended  to us that we repeal and replace ObamaCare at the same time,  simultaneously. He said that before in his interview on ``60 Minutes''  in January--we should repeal and replace ObamaCare simultaneously,  which means, to me, at the same time.   That is one reason I voted yes on Tuesday for us to proceed to the  House of Representatives' bill, because it would replace and repeal  ObamaCare at the same time. That is one reason I voted on Tuesday for  the Senate healthcare bill, which would have replaced and repealed  ObamaCare at the same time. I agree with the President--we should  replace and repeal ObamaCare at the same time. The House voted to do  that, the President recommended we do it, and I agree we should repeal  and replace at the same time.   Why would I say it needs to be done at the same time? There was a  time in the past where we might have just repealed it and said: In 2  years, we may come up with an answer. But we can't do that now.  Conditions have changed in Tennessee. Our State insurance commissioner,  Julie McPeak, says our individual insurance market is ``very near  collapse.'' That means that up to 350,000 individuals in our State-- songwriters, workers, farmers--who buy their insurance on the  individual market are sitting there worrying in July and in August  whether they will have any option to buy insurance in 2018.   So I don't think we can wait 2 years to repeal and replace ObamaCare,  which is why I voted twice on Tuesday to do it now and why I voted  against an amendment yesterday that said: Repeal it now and replace it  in 2 years, if you can. I don't think Tennesseans would be very  comfortable canceling insurance for 22 million Americans now and  saying: Trust Congress to find a replacement in 2 years. Pilots like to  know where they are going to land when they take off, and so should we.   We are proceeding ahead with our debate on the healthcare bill. It  may be a little convoluted for people watching from the outside, but it  is fairly straightforward. The House of Representatives has gone  through a series of processes in committees and votes, and it passed a  bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare now, to do both now. The Senate  has been working for 6 months not just to repeal ObamaCare but to  repeal and replace it now.   There is some urgency about this. We have millions of Americans who  are worrying they may not be able to buy insurance in 2018. That is a  very personal worry for millions of Americans. They want us to address  it now, not 2 years from now.   How do we do that? Well, later today we will have an opportunity to  vote for a bill which will take us to the place called a conference  committee with the House of Representatives, where we can get a  solution to our goal of repealing and replacing ObamaCare now. It is  being called a skinny bill because it won't have much in it. It is not  a solution to the Affordable Care Act problems, but it is a solution to  how we get to a place where we can write the solution to the Affordable  Care Act problems. And it is wide open. For those who want to watch  late into the night or early into the morning, we are here. We will be  offering amendments. People can see that. When we move to the  conference committee with the House of Representatives, historically  those deliberations have been open. People can watch that. They can see  that. That will take place over the next several weeks.   After the conference committee agrees--if it does--on a bill to  repeal and replace major parts of the Affordable Care Act now, not in 2  years, then it goes back to the House and back to the Senate for debate  and approval on an up-or-down vote.   That is the process. I want to make it clear to the American people  that insofar as I am concerned, I am not interested in telling you we  are going to repeal something now, and trust us--trust the Congress--to  come up with some answer in 2 years. I don't want to say that to the  American people.   What I do want to say is, we have major problems with the Affordable  Care Act. We can't repeal all of it in the budget process, but the  House of Representatives showed we can make major changes and major  improvements, and the Senate bill, which I voted for on Tuesday, to  repeal and replace ObamaCare, shows that we can make major changes and  major improvements.   I am convinced that if we can move this process to a conference  committee today, between the House of Representatives and the United  States Senate--which is part of our regular procedure--we will be able  to agree on a way to improve the Affordable Care Act. What that means  is that we will repeal major parts of it, and we will replace those  parts with parts that work better, parts that give Americans more  choices of insurance, that give 350,000 Tennesseans in the individual  market some peace of mind to know they will actually be able to buy  insurance next year, whereas if we don't act, many of them won't be  able to, just like millions of Americans may not be able to.   If we do not act, there will be counties in the United States where  some of the most vulnerable Americans will have zero insurance options  in 2018, no support to buy insurance, and if they don't get a subsidy  from the Federal Government, a hard-working American who might be  earning $50,000 or $60,000 a year--no Federal subsidy--that person will  have insurance so expensive, with such high deductibles, they won't be  able to buy insurance either.   So I think we are on a path toward a solution, and the solution  means, No. 1, that we move the debate out of the Senate this afternoon  on to the conference committee and that our goal when we get there is  to repeal major parts of ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, and  replace those parts with provisions that transfer responsibilities to  the States to make decisions that give consumers more choices of health  insurance at lower costs. That is a noble goal, one we are pursuing,  and one in which I hope we succeed.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.   