 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the new Miss  America. That is Cara Mund, a former intern in my office up until the  end of last year. Last night she made history and became the first Miss  North Dakota to win the title of Miss America.  [[Page S5092]]    My wife Mikey and I were watching the pageant on TV and cheering for  Cara throughout the competition. We, like North Dakotans across our  State, were very excited when she was crowned Miss America. The amazing  thing is that she had actually tried four times to win the Miss North  Dakota pageant. She won the Miss North Dakota pageant on her fourth  try, and then she went on to win the Miss America pageant. It is just  an amazing story of somebody who decided she were going to accomplish a  goal and did so. It is truly amazing and inspirational to anyone who  sets out to achieve something really worthwhile, and it shows what  determination can do.   Cara is truly impressive, and we are so proud to have her  representing North Dakota and, of course, now the entire Nation as Miss  America. Following graduation from Brown University with a degree in  business, entrepreneurship, and organizations, Cara served as an intern  here in my Washington, DC, office. She did a tremendous job. As I say,  she was with us for half of last year. So she started about midyear and  finished up at the end of the year. Again, she did tremendous work for  us, and we are so appreciative of having her with us.   While only 23, she has a long history of public and community  service. For the past 10 years, she has organized the annual Make-a- Wish fashion show, which has raised more than $78,500 to make dreams  come true for more than 20 kids who have faced life-altering  conditions. It is only fitting that after spending so much of her life  making others' dreams come true, Cara's own dreams were made a reality  last night. She is so well-deserving of the title, and I know that  continued service to others and public service will be part of her  life's work.   She is going on to law school at Notre Dame after, of course, taking  a year as Miss America and touring around the country and doing what I  know will be a fabulous job as Miss America. Then she wants to go on to  law school at Notre Dame, where she has already been accepted.   I know she has a real interest in public service and maybe even some  day running for Governor or another elective office. I have no doubt  that whatever she decides to do, she will be successful, and, more  importantly, she will do a great job for others. She will do a great  job for many other people. She has such a good heart, and she is such a  great young person--exactly the kind of person that we need out there  helping face the challenges we face as a nation, setting a great  example, and doing things for so many others that makes such a  difference in their lives.   She is well-deserving of the title. She represents our State so well,  and we have no doubt that she will continue to make us proud as Miss  America.   Congratulations, again, to Miss America 2018, Cara Mund. She is  fantastic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   