 Mr. President, yesterday the New York Times published a  story about the nearly 100 Federal protections this administration has  attacked. The article highlighted a few of the outcomes of these  attacks. For example, telecommunication companies are no longer  required to take reasonable measures to protect the Social Security  numbers of their customers, and people with severe, disabling mental  health issues are now able to buy guns--but do not worry because  refugees from war-torn countries like Sudan won't be coming into our  country anytime soon. Today, in about an hour, Republicans are going  after yet another protection. This time, it is one that protects  Americans who work for Federal contractors.   Up until a few years ago, companies that cut corners and saved money  by treating their employees badly held a competitive advantage over  law-abiding companies in competing for Federal contracts, so President  Obama put a policy in place to take away that advantage. In 2015, he  put a new protection in place so that the companies that had histories  of unsafe working conditions would have to report those histories when  they applied for Federal contracts. The idea here is pretty simple: If  you want to work for the Federal Government, you need to follow the  law, and if you do not, the government has a right to know so that the  companies that cut corners do not have a competitive advantage by being  able to bid more cheaply over those who play by the rules.   Republicans often claim to be in favor of leveling the playing field  for businesses. After all, that was the rationale that was used last  month when they voted so that coal companies were no longer responsible  for cleaning up their own messes and oil companies could hide payments  to foreign governments. Both of those actions were taken in the  supposed spirit of caring about the ability of companies to compete.  Business competition was placed above the rights of communities to  clean air and clean water or the right of American consumers to know  they are not supporting a dictator when they fill up at the fuel tank.   But now, when it comes to safe workplaces and pay discrimination,  suddenly, having companies compete on a level playing field is not the  priority. This just does not make sense to me. This policy was good for  workers, good for taxpayers, and good for companies that play by the  rules. We should all agree that companies that have good safety and  wage records should not be placed at a competitive disadvantage, but  the Republicans are giving Federal contractors a green light for pay  discrimination and unsafe working conditions. That is the only signal  we send by taking away this policy from the previous administration.  This is yet another example of the empty words of an administration  that claims to care about empowering women in the workplace.   Last week, the President signed two Executive orders that were  designed to appear to promote women in the workplace, but when you look  beyond the photo-op and the actual orders, they do not do a thing for  women in the workplace. They do not put one Federal dollar toward  advancing gender equality and gender equity. Now the Republicans are  putting a bill on the floor and eventually on the President's desk that  will make it easier for companies that discriminate against women in  the workplace to get Federal dollars.   If this administration and if this Congress really care about making  sure women do not face bias and discrimination, if they really care  about businesses being able to compete on a level playing field, then  why attack this protection?   I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and vote to keep the fair  pay and safe workplaces protection in place.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   