 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Collins), a bright young member of the Rules Committee who today is  offering the rule on two very important issues that face this great  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. I rise in support of the  work that the Rules Committee did for the right reason and I will yield  the right results.   The American people spoke on November 8, and they asked for change, a  change from business as usual. Mr. Speaker, that does mean you can look  at geopolitical facts and draw a conclusion as opposed to geopolitical  facts and ignore things that happen in the world, and that is exactly  what we are doing here today.   The American people no longer want unelected bureaucrats promulgating  rules. They no longer want Washington to be so important in their  lives. They want and need to be able to have an opportunity to make  their own decisions and to work well within the law. They have spoken;  and they want what I believe the Republican House, the Republican  Senate, and a Republican President will bring to the country. It is  called accountability.   The REINS Act, sponsored by Mr. Collins today, addresses many of the  issues that I just discussed. The legislation requires that a joint  resolution must be approved and must be passed by both Chambers of  Congress and signed by the President before any major new rule or  regulation is promulgated by the executive branch before it can take  place. These are rules written by the Congress, rules then associated  and determined by the executive, but with the intent of Congress to  make sure that the American people are not further harmed.   Now, Mr. Speaker, we have just heard an opportunity to discuss what  was--this discussion that we are having about Israel and the  administration. The bottom line is that the chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, Representative Ed Royce, came before the committee  yesterday and said he really did not take issue with what they were  doing. He would not support it because it did not address the problem  that occurred when the Obama administration, for political purposes,  hung the people of Israel and the State of Israel out for the world to  condemn and take  [[Page H117]]  advantage of. It bypassed years and years of American foreign policy.  It stunned not only Members of Congress, but it also stunned people who  recognize that Israel is in a fight for their life.   Mr. Speaker, we did not, based upon the determination of the Rules  Committee, make in order the bill that they had asked for. They can  bring it to the floor today, and we are not going to make it available  because it does not even discuss the basic facts. That is, the  President of the United States unilaterally allowed the State of  Israel, who is a dear friend of the United States, to be hung out in  the political and the economic world and the world of foreign affairs  to be tarnished and taken advantage of.   Mr. Speaker, we are here to say that we were appalled by what our  government did and we are going to stand up and call it for what it is.  America should always be a trusted friend to Israel, and we are doing  exactly that here today.   Mr. Speaker, I predict an overwhelming vote that will take place  today to enunciate what we believe is correct and also what was wrong.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee said that the  American people don't want business as usual. Yet, here we are on this  opening week and what we see is business as usual, more Putin-like,  closed rules coming to the floor. The 113th and the 114th Congresses  were the two most closed Congresses in the history of the United  States. Here we are beginning the new session with, again, this closed  process.   The Speaker, on opening day, made a promise to uphold the rights of  the minority.   Well, you know what?   That means that the minority ought to be able to be heard on the  House floor, that we ought to be able to bring amendments and  substitutes to the floor. Yet, we get rejected time and time again.   This is not the way the most deliberative body in the world should be  run. This is not the way Congress should be run. By closing down this  process the way the majority does, it does a great disservice to the  American people   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island  (Mr. Cicilline).   