 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am here in the midst of a Judiciary  Committee hearing on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, showing, and  in a way showcasing, the wonder of American justice. This hearing will  proceed through the balance of the day with him as our witness, and  then into tomorrow with others who will comment on his qualifications.   The showcasing of American justice really demonstrates how the rule  of law serves our democracy and how we strive to appoint the best  possible people--men and women, dedicated public servants--to the  courts of our land to assure that the rule of law and American justice  are second to none and as infallible in protecting individual rights as  they can possibly be.   In a sense, I am here to talk about a rule that also serves American  justice. It is a rule put forward by the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration under the last administration. I am here to oppose H.J.  Res. 83, which would repeal that rule. The rule is known as the OSHA  injury recordkeeping rule. It sounds very technical, obscure, and for  most people it is, but there are nearly 3 million serious injuries  reported every year at American workplaces.   For over 40 years; that is, four decades, Federal law has required  employers with 11 or more employees in dangerous professions--poultry  slaughtering, meat packing, steel mills, construction--which see the  bulk of these injuries to keep active records of injury suffered in  those workplaces and others like them that are considered dangerous.   Having accurate records is common sense for employers who want to  know what is going right in their places of work and what is going  wrong and how they can prevent workers from being hurt on the job  because they don't want anybody hurt. Responsible employers want safe  workplaces. It is really that simple. We all know injuries are bad for  business and they cost time and money.   With those records, OSHA can also investigate companies and work to  make them safer and ensure they comply with the law. In essence, they  can look at the outliers--who are lawbreakers, who cares less about  safety than profits--but also maybe employers who don't do as much as  they could or would if they were better informed.   A misguided court ruling in 2012, after 40 years of the law  prevailing, curtailed OSHA's ability to sanction employers concerning  those records. The ruling limited OSHA's ability to sanction employers  to just 6 months of the start of the investigation based on the  records. Soon after that ruling, OSHA and the Obama administration  discovered it could not adequately investigate employers who provided  an unsafe workplace, making them effectively immune from some safety  laws.   After going through all the proper rulemaking, all of the steps that  are necessary to make an administrative rule, all the channels and  procedures, the last administration put forward a rule that responds to  the court decision and allows OSHA to review those records for 5 years.  That is essentially how things worked for 40 years. It worked well for  40 years, and it was simply reinstituted because the court decision was  so crippling to the rule of law and American justice. That is the rule  we are discussing today--a return to longstanding policy that existed  for decades under Republican and Democratic administrations, dating  back to the Presidency of Richard Nixon.   Putting aside the 40 years' worth of this rule working well, it does  some very important things. It requires these large employers in  dangerous industries to keep accurate records of serious work-related  injuries and illnesses. It has no impact on a huge swath of the economy  that is not considered dangerous. It doesn't apply to restaurants,  offices, and many other workplaces, regardless of the number of  employees they have; the rule impacts just the most dangerous  industries in our economy and companies in that industry with more than  10 employees. It essentially prevents them from covering up injuries,  maintaining fraudulent records concerning injuries, and willfully  violating the law.   There are things the rule does not do. It imposes no new costs on  employers. It imposes no new obligations. It simply returns to a policy  that worked well for decades--I repeat, under both Democratic and  Republican administrations, accepted by both--and it gives certainty to  businesses. That is one of the great advantages in an economy and  society where certainty for our job creators is very valuable.   Repealing this rule would lead to more dangerous workplaces and give  unsafe companies an upper hand in competition. It would unlevel the  playing field between the good guys and the bad guys in those  industries. This rule would essentially eliminate requirements that  employers keep proper records, as they know OSHA can do nothing to  investigate. Repeal of the rule amounts to the Federal Government  siding with the companies that see injuries on the job but in effect  sweep them under the rug. Repeal promotes companies to keep false  records--if they keep records at all--limiting enforcement and  punishment of anyone who keeps two sets of books, which few would do.  Repeal of this rule undermines companies that keep safe  [[Page S1913]]  workplace records and are in competition with companies that are  cutting corners. This has implications for taxpayers. Many procurement  processes seek information about companies' safety records, giving a  leg up to the safer company, as should be the case. That is in  taxpayers' interests. Repeal of the rule would take away this incentive  to protect employees.   Repealing this rule is bad for taxpayers, is bad for Federal policy,  particularly in those areas where the Federal Government is a purchaser  and a consumer, because it deserves to know--and so do we all--which  ones are the safe employers.   Former Obama and Bush administration officials oppose repeal of this  rule. Dozens of health and safety groups warn against the spike in  injuries that repeal may encourage in work-related injuries and  illnesses. Labor organizations representing millions of workers  nationwide and many Fortune 500 companies oppose this resolution and  support the rule. Health and safety groups, labor organizations,  Fortune 500 companies, and officials from the past two administrations  all support the rule and oppose this resolution. It is truly  bipartisan.   I urge my colleagues to unite across the aisle and resist the false  and unfortunate arguments that are made in favor of this resolution. I  urge colleagues to join me in opposing it because it will endanger  workers in the most hazardous places in the workplace and the country.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   