 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak about  legislation I have recently introduced, although it is a follow-on to  legislation I pursued over a number of years.   We have now introduced in this Congress the Cuba Trade Act. This is  legislation which would lift the trade embargo to allow farmers and  ranchers and small businesses and other private sector industries to  freely conduct business, to sell products--agricultural products in  particular--to the nation of Cuba and to its people.   Last month, I spoke about the terrific difficulties our farmers in  Kansas and across the country are facing due to low commodity prices.  The farm economy has fallen by nearly 50 percent since 2013, and that  decline is expected to continue in 2017, making this perhaps, if not  the worst, certainly one of the worst economic downturns in farm  country since the Great Depression.   In 2016, harvests in our State and across much of the country were  recordbreaking yields and historic in their magnitude, in fact. What  that means is there are still piles of wheat, corn, and other grains  all across Kansas just sitting on the ground next to the grain mill  bins that are already filled to capacity. To sell this excess supply,  our farmers need more markets to sell the food and fiber they produce.   Approximately 95 percent of the world's customers live outside U.S.  borders. Markets in the United States will continue to grow, and they  will evolve and will continue to meet the domestic consumer demand,  providing the best, highest quality, safest food supply in the world,  but in order to boost prices for American farmers, we need more  markets. We need them now, we need them in the future, and we need to  be able to indicate to our farmers that hope is in the works in global  markets.   We have talked about the importance of trade, of exports from the  United States, and particularly for the citizens of Kansas. That is  particularly true for an agricultural State like ours where, again, 95  percent of the consumers live someplace outside of the United States.  Cuba is only 90 miles off our border. They offer the potential for  increased exports of all sorts of products but especially Kansas wheat.   In fact, while we are introducing this legislation now, we started  down this path to increase our ability to sell agriculture commodities,  food, and medicine to Cuba back when I was a Member of the House of  Representatives. I offered an amendment then to an appropriations bill  that lifted the embargo--the ability to sell; it would allow the  ability to sell those foods, agricultural commodities, and medicine to  Cuba for cash, up front. That bill was passed. It was controversial  then. This issue of what our relationship ought to be with Cuba has  always been contentious. But I remember the vote was about I think 301  to 116. A majority of Republicans and a majority of Democrats said it  is time to do something different with our relationship with Cuba.   This was a significant step in opening up the opportunity to the  products of American farmers and ranchers to that country. No longer  were food, medicine, and agriculture commodities prohibited from being  sold. And it worked for a little while, but unfortunately, in 2005, the  Treasury Department changed the regulations, and it complicated the  circumstances related to the embargo.   Cuba imports the vast majority of its food. In fact, wheat is Cuba's  second largest import, second only to oil.   A point I would stress is that this is a unilateral sanction. Keep in  mind that when we don't sell agricultural commodities to Cuba, somebody  else does. While our unilateral trade barriers block our own farmers  and ranchers from filling the market, willing sellers such as Canada,  France, China, and others benefit at American farmers' expense. When we  can't sell wheat that comes from a Kansas wheat field to Cuba, they are  purchasing that wheat from France and Canada and other European  countries. When the Presiding Officer's rice crop can't be sold to  Cuba, it is not that they are not buying rice; they are buying it from  Vietnam, China, or elsewhere.    It costs about $6 to $7 per ton to ship grain from the United States  to Cuba. It costs about $20 to $25 to ship that same grain from the  European Union. However, we lose this competitive advantage because of  the regulations in place that drive up the cost of Cuban consumers  dealing with the United States.   To understand what we are missing out on in Cuba, consider our  current trade relationship with the Dominican Republic. The DR is also  a nearby Caribbean nation with a population comparable to Cuba. Income  levels and diet are similar. Between 2013 and 2015, the Dominican  Republic imported an average of $1.3 billion of U.S. farm products.  During that same time span, Cuba imported just $262 million--over $1  billion in difference. That is right. That is $1 billion of exports  that U.S. farmers are missing an opportunity on because of the U.S.  trade restrictions on Cuba. This example helps illustrate the  substantial potential that exists for increased sale of agriculture  commodities to Cuba.   The Cuba Trade Act I just introduced simply seeks to amend our own  country's laws so that American farmers can operate on a level playing  field with the rest of the world. While boosting American exports  remains the primary goal of lifting the embargo, I also think there is  an opportunity for us to increase the reforms and to improve the lives  of the Cuban people as well.   I have often said here on the Senate floor and on the House floor and  back home in Kansas we often say: We will try something once. If it  doesn't work, we might even try it again. Maybe we will try it a third  or a fourth time. But after more than 50 years of trying to change the  nature of the Cuban Government through this kind of action, through  this embargo, many Kansans would say it is time to try something else.   The Cuban embargo was well-intentioned at the time it was enacted.  Today, however, it only serves to hurt our own national interests by  restricting Americans' freedom to conduct business with that country.  In my view, it is time to make a change, and we ought to be able to  sell wheat, rice, and other agricultural commodities from the United  States for cash to Cuba. This legislation would allow that at no  expense to the American taxpayer.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, following leader remarks  on Monday, March 13, the Senate resume executive session for the  consideration of Executive Calendar No. 18, and that the vote on  confirmation occur at 5:30 p.m.    Mr. President, on behalf of the majority leader, there  will be no further votes this week in the U.S. Senate.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   