 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Plaskett.   Mr. Speaker, the CBC has led the charge in proposing solutions for  the underserved and disadvantaged communities throughout this country.   In his first remarks as President, Donald Trump claimed to champion  this cause in his remarks, which proved to be petty and beneath the  Office of President of the United States. On day one, in his first  official acts in the office, one of his first official acts was to  remove from the whitehouse.gov Web site a page detailing a broad set of  civil rights commitments and accomplishments under President Obama.   It is fitting that President Trump, as one of his very first actions  in office, would take down the public pledge to defend the civil rights  of all Americans. This is a continuation of the divisiveness that  defined his campaign where he proposed a Muslim ban, mass deportation,  and a nationwide stop-and-frisk program. This is consistent with a  President who would nominate Jeff Sessions, a man unanimously opposed  by the civil rights community, as Attorney General.   President Trump didn't stop with changing the Web site. It has been  reported that the Department of Justice is seeking to delay a hearing  meant to focus on the relief required for Texas' discriminatory voter  identification law. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit  ruled last year that the law had a discriminatory effect and that  provisions must be made to allow those who lack the specific ID that  the law requires be able to cast a vote. Every judge who has considered  the Texas law found it discriminatory, but it still has been used in  elections there.    Unfortunately, President Trump has given no indication that he is  willing to stand up to protect the voting rights of all Americans.  Since being elected, he has ignored proven instances of intentional  voter suppression and chosen instead to spread alternative facts about  voter fraud.   As one of its first substantive acts, the Trump administration  suspended a mortgage insurance rate cut put in place by the Obama  administration to give relief to homeowners. According to the Federal  Housing Administration, the cut would have saved the average homeowner  $500 this year. This reversal will make it more difficult for middle  class Americans trying to purchase a home and eliminate relief for  homeowners struggling to make their mortgage payments.   According to the National Association of Realtors, this will prevent  30,000 to 40,000 new home buyers from purchasing homes in 2017. This  move will disproportionately affect African American homeowners who are  more likely than White homeowners to rely on FHA mortgage insurance.   Mr. Speaker, we know exactly who Donald Trump is and have an inkling  about what he intends to do, but what we plan on doing is educating the  President about the needs of underserved communities. So I will just  take a moment to address a few of his points in his new deal for the  African American community, which is truly a bad deal in terms of  economic equality. It is a raw deal in terms of public education, and  it is a hollow deal in terms of voting and civil rights.   On behalf of the caucus, the CBC, the Congressional Black Caucus, I  would like to inform him that 39 percent of African Americans actually  live in suburbs compared to 36 percent who live in inner cities. The  remaining 25 percent live in small metropolitan areas or rural  communities.   For more than 45 years, the Congressional Black Caucus has worked to  improve conditions for African Americans from all walks of life.  Collectively, our members represent 78 million Americans, 17 million of  whom are African American. Our districts are rural as well as urban.  Some of our members represent majority minority districts, while others  do not.   Mr. Speaker, tonight you will hear from several members of the  Congressional Black Caucus who will point to specific pieces of  legislation that we have championed and that we have authored that  would address many of the issues facing inner-city communities, facing  poor communities, and facing communities all across this country no  matter the race or makeup of those communities.   What I would like to reiterate and stress is the fact that we don't  just talk about a problem, but we offer solutions. We have sent to you,  Mr.  [[Page H600]]  President, a letter outlining all of the 10 points in your new deal  with concrete solutions and legislation that we have authored that we  think will go further and is a more comprehensive way of approaching  the problems in those communities.   We also sent you another document that details more than your 10  issues, but highlights issues that are faced by American families all  across this country and our policy proposals that will solve them. We  would just encourage you to step out of the White House and to listen  to people who have done this for a long time and who live in those  communities and who have offered viable solutions.   So I would just say that we don't need more talk or more rhetoric.  What we need is action, and we need action from 1600 Pennsylvania. We  need action from the White House, and we would urge you to look at the  proposals that we have that offer a better solution.   