 Mr. Speaker, just when you think you heard it all, you  haven't. And as my friend from Massachusetts (Mr. Capuano) just pointed  out, what we need to do is uphold the integrity of this body, the  legislative branch of government.   Now, just a brief review, because I have about 2,000 pages of  reference. We are not going to go into that all tonight, but if you  will allow me, I will go into some of it.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does this pertain to the question of order?    Yes, sir.   We started out on February 1. We have had a letter to the chairman of  the Ways and Means Committee. We have had an amendment in the Ways and  Means Committee, which is one of the three committees under 6103,  paragraph F, section 1 of the Tax Code, written in 1924, that allows  the Ways and Means Committee, along with the Senate Finance Committee,  along with the Joint Committee on Taxation, to do its due diligence.   We have had one, two, three, four, five, six, seven privileged  resolutions. Mr. Capuano has offered tonight's privileged resolution.   We have had a resolution, two resolutions of inquiry through the Ways  and Means Committee--just having a little review here of what we have  done. We have debated all of these. They must have all been in order.   And we have a discharge petition right now before the Congress of the  United States, and if we get to 218 in that discharge petition, we will  have to take another vote. As Mr. Capuano pointed out, there are a lot  of votes that we don't like to take, but these are votes that are  necessary, Mr. Speaker.    Already, two dozen Members of the majority party at town meetings  have said, yes, the President should give the public, or at least the  committees, first of all, his tax returns.   We are not talking about a 1040. We are talking about thousands of  pages that go into a businessperson's, who is a billion-, zillionaire,  whatever the heck he is, that is what it takes.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman must confine his remarks to  the question of order; whether the proposed resolution constitutes a  question of the privileges of the House.    Oh, I think this is a privilege of the House, sir.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not to the merits of the resolution.    Right. I understand that. I understand that. Thank you  for pointing that out.   Mr. Speaker, I am sure you know who Walter Shaub is. S-H-A-U-B.  Walter Shaub is the Director of the United States Office of Government  Ethics. That is pretty important. In fact, in the last administration-- talk about the privilege of the House--this is the document that was  presented on June 21, the day after inauguration, 2009, the Ethics  Commitments by the Executive Branch of Personnel.   This document goes into such things as the revolving door ban on  lobbyists or pertaining to the executive branch of government because  that is what we are talking about.   Just when you think you have heard it all, you haven't.   Two weeks ago, Mr. Speaker, this administration threw out there in a  trial balloon that we are going to start to sell off----   Is there a problem? Is there a problem?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman must confine his remarks to  the question of order.    That is correct. That is exactly what I am doing.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is wandering far from the  question of order.    I never wander, Mr. Speaker. I may not stick to the  subject, but I don't wander.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is in the wilderness.    No, I am not. I am not in Idaho.   The fact of the matter is, this is a very specific document that each  administration presents when it is sworn. This is the set of rules  which govern the executive branch of government.   When I read in documentation that we are getting set to sell off  public lands, what am I reminded of?   Talk about the integrity of the House of Representatives. What am I  reminded of?   I am reminded of what happened in 1922, 1923, 1924, when they tried  to sell  [[Page H4686]]  off oil reserves, and it got them into trouble. Republicans had their  hands out. Democrats had their hands out, which led, Mr. Speaker----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule.   The gentleman from Massachusetts seeks to offer a resolution as a  question of the privileges of the House under rule IX.   As the Chair most recently ruled on May 24, 2017, the resolution  directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider an item of  business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103 and,  therefore, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the  House.   