 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense  amendment that will protect American jobs and the economy by  prohibiting funds from being used to implement the Obama  administration's flawed Social Cost of Carbon, or SCC, valuation. This  job-killing and unlawful guidance sneakily attempts to pave the way for  cap-and-trade-like mandates.   Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap-and- trade proposals. Knowing that he could not lawfully enact a carbon tax  plan, President Obama attempted to circumvent Congress by playing loose  and fast with the Clean Air Act to unilaterally implement this unlawful  new requirement under the guise of guidance.   The Obama administration continuously used the SCC valuation models,  which can be easily manipulated, to try and justify new job-killing  regulations.   Although President Trump issued an executive order in March to  disband the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse  Gases, Federal  [[Page H6457]]  agencies continue to work on the SCC valuation.   My amendment is necessary to strengthen the intent of President  Trump's executive order while also ensuring that it is Congress, not  the executive branch, which sets tax and environmental policy.   The committee wisely issued guidance in the bill report to delay the  promulgation of SCC regulations until a new working group is convened.  My amendment explicitly prohibits funds from being used to implement  the deeply flawed Social Cost of Carbon guidance in the bill text.   The House has a clear, consistent, and strong record of opposition to  the Social Cost of Carbon. My colleagues voted in favor of my amendment  in FY17 appropriations by a clear majority of 230-188.   In fact, the House has decisively voted 10 times to block, defund, or  oppose the Social Cost of Carbon since 2013. My amendment ensures this  Chamber's position remains consistent and crystal clear in FY18.   Roger Martella, a self-described lifelong environmentalist and career  environmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources  Committee hearing on the revised SCC guidance and the flaws associated  with the Social Cost of Carbon model, stating that the ``'Social Cost  of Carbon' estimates suffer from a number of significant flaws that  should exclude them from the NEPA process.''   Amongst these flaws are, one, that the ``projected costs of carbon  emissions can be manipulated by changing key parameters such as  timeframes, discount rates, and other values that have no relation to a  given project undergoing review.''   Two, ``OMB and the other Federal agencies developed the draft Social  Cost of Carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity  for public comment during the development process.''   Three, ``OMB's draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates are based  primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits.''   Four, ``there is still considerable uncertainty in many of the  assumptions and data elements used to create the draft Social Cost of  Carbon estimates, such as the damage functions and modeled time  horizons.''   Mr. Martella's testimony was spot on. Congress, not Washington  bureaucrats, should dictate our country's climate change policy. The  sweeping and costly changes that the Social Cost of Carbon metric would  impose are not only misguided and unwise, they are also based on  fundamentally flawed policies that sidestepped Congress, did not go  through the normal regulatory process, and received no public comment.   Worse yet, the model utilized to predict the Social Cost of Carbon  can be easily manipulated to arrive at the desired outcome.   Regardless of one's positions on climate change, my colleagues surely  must respect the constitutional role of the legislative branch and  oppose bureaucratic efforts to circumvent Congress to impose an  extremist environmental agenda that is not based on best available  science.   Congress must provide certainty to business and consumers that the  costly and scientifically bankrupt Social Cost of Carbon valuation will  not creep its way into our regulatory process.   My amendment provides that certainty.   Over the last 2 years, this effort has received support from the  American Energy Alliance, Americans for Limited Government, Americans  for Tax Reform, Arch Coal, Competitive Enterprise Institute, the  Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, National  Mining Association, the National Taxpayers Union, and Taxpayers  Protection Alliance.   Congress, not anonymous Washington bureaucrats, should dictate our  country's tax and climate change policy. I urge my colleagues to  support my amendment to, once again, block the flawed Social Cost of  Carbon.   I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this  legislation, and I urge support of my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to reiterate even though President  Trump issued an executive order in March to disband the Interagency  Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, Federal agencies  continue to work on the SCC valuation. So I, at the very least, would  expect everybody to support this.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   