 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today as a member of the Budget Committee to  express my strong opposition to this budget resolution, which, if  passed, would leave countless working families behind, and not to  mention would, in fact, raise the Federal debt by at least $3 trillion  over the first decade and by at least $6.6 trillion by the end of the  second 10 years.   This proposed budget is an atrocious representation of our values. As  more Americans find it harder and harder to get by, this budget guts  what people need to be most successful. It takes away dollars from  education; it takes away dollars from the programs we rely on for  retirement, for switching between jobs, for healthcare.   We should be focused on funding the things that will enable the  workforce to prepare for the 21st century, not gutting programs that  will leave them falling further behind.   Rather than funding luxury travel for the Trump administration, let's  invest in quality education, job skills training, and properly fund the  State Department and foreign aid programs that Secretary of Defense  Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Dunford have said are  critical to our national security.   This budget puts working families, our economy, and our national  security at risk.   Passage of this budget would also pave the way for Republican tax  reform, if you want to call it that, which would favor big businesses  that destroy our small towns.   It shouldn't be easier for a company to get a tax break on buying  another robot than training their employees to gain skills for the  modern economy. We need a tax plan to incentivize companies to invest  in their workers instead of engaging in a race to the bottom where  workers are viewed as a burden rather than an asset.   We need a budget that will foster economic growth for all of our  people, and we need to make taxes more simple and fair for working  families, not give handouts to the rich.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this proposed  budget so that we can go back to the table--or, actually, to go to the  table for the first time as Democrats and Republicans, and have a  conversation about funding the resources that will actually move our  economy and country forward into the 21st century and beyond.   