 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this attempt to  politically override the Interior Department's stream protection rule.   Much like the destructive mountaintop removal practice that this rule  is designed to prevent, this Republican assault on the environment and  the health of coal mining communities is a crude and dirty process.   Using the Congressional Review Act, a single hour in Congress is  going to be enough to remove a rule that reflects 7 years of national  public debate, including at least 30 stakeholder meetings, over 100,000  public comments. This blows up the regular legislative and regulatory  process, ignores science, marginalizes public health, and puts  communities at risk.   Let me be clear: when the coal dust settles on this devastating  resolution, it certainly won't be Members of Congress who are left  drinking polluted drinking water or battling lung cancer, heart  disease, and birth defects.   Much like the coal executives who profit from exhausting and  polluting the natural resources of these communities, the GOP will move  on to the next target and look for the next way to let business off the  hook, to let them externalize their costs to the environment, to local  communities, and, ultimately, to the U.S. taxpayers who have to clean  up the mess.   But communities in the Appalachian Mountains, vital salmon streams in  Alaska, and much-needed water supplies across this country will be left  dealing with the aftermath, while our Republican colleagues boast about  having provided so-called regulatory relief.   For all the talk about coal jobs from Republicans and our new  President, you would think they would care just a little about  protecting the health of these coal miners and their families and their  communities. And yet, when given a chance to protect the water quality  of 6,000 miles of streams in coal country, this House is choosing to  side with the polluting industry instead.   That is shameful, and we should oppose this wrong-headed resolution.    