 Mr. President, this is a side-by-side amendment to the  Manchin amendment. As a doctor, I understand how ObamaCare has been a  disaster for patients and for health care providers. Because of this  law, Americans have been left with higher premiums and fewer choices.  This budget is an important first step in giving Americans better and  more affordable health care.   I am especially aware of the importance of helping folks in rural  America, people who have been especially hard hit by the policies of  the Obama administration. Since 2010, more than 70 rural hospitals have  closed across the United States and Ezekiel Emanuel, who is the  architect of Obamacare, wrote a book, and he said that 1,000 hospitals  have to close in the United States. That is what he called for, 1,000.  We are talking about rural hospitals all around this country.   So for people in small towns all across the Nation, the closures we  have already experienced, these 70 closures, have had a devastating  impact. My amendment says that Congress is ready to help all Americans  but especially those living in rural America who have been hurt by  ObamaCare.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment  No. 173, and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, this is a side-by-side amendment to  Casey amendment No. 61, which was just defeated.   As many in this body know, my wife Bobbi is a breast cancer survivor.  I understand the importance of ensuring  [[Page S259]]  that everyone has access to health care. This is especially true for  patients with ongoing medical conditions.   Also, I spent 25 years practicing medicine, working every single day  to ensure all patients received high quality care. That is why I am  passionate about enacting health care reform to put patients first,  unlike the Obama health care law, which put government ahead of  patients and health care providers.   As I travel around the State of Wyoming, I hear from many hard- working folks who have lost their insurance coverage that they liked  and that worked for them and their families. We are going to help those  who have been hurt by ObamaCare. We will also ensure that people with  serious medical conditions receive the care they need.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of that act and applicable budget resolutions for the purposes of  Barrasso amendment No. 181, and I ask for the yeas and nays.   