 Mr. President, I stand today sort of feeling like a great  New Jerseyan named Yogi Berra, who has a saying that ``this is deja vu  all over again.'' The reason why it feels like deja vu all over again  to me is because I have been watching this process move along. When the  House first tried to push through a healthcare bill, I was so proud  that the American public--Republicans and Democrats--were outraged and  stopped that version 1 in the House. But then version 2 was rushed  through without a CBO score, and they got it done. We heard Republicans  in the House literally saying on the record: I so hope that they will  fix this in the Senate; maybe something will happen in the Senate that  this will get fixed.   Well, now I have deja vu all over again, and it is because we see a  whole bunch of folks--and now we have heard Republican Senators say  this on the record: Gosh, we know what we are doing is flawed; we know  what we are doing is wrong; we know the process has been outrageous,  but our hope is, if we can get it into the conference committee, then  they will fix it in the conference committee.   Well, I am proud to be a U.S. Senator. But, dear God, this is not  what this body is about--to push their responsibilities off, to  derelict their duties, and to not make legislation happen here that  puts people first. We all know this process is broken. We all know that  what we are doing here is not just imperfect. Many of us see this, like  the CBO, as a serious threat to millions of Americans.   We are about to do something that is unconscionable to me to be in  the Senate, where I have seen this place work, I have seen regular  order, I have seen hearings, I have seen witnesses brought in, and I  have seen people work hard on crafting actual legislation. So now this  is just going to be shoved over with the hope in this body that, even  though the House didn't do their job and the President of the United  States even criticized what the House did and called it ``mean,'' it  gets kicked over to the Senate, and the Senate is refusing to do their  job. They are just passing the buck to something called a conference  committee, where they are going to hope again.   So I stand here, and I just have to confess that this has been 2 days  for me where I haven't just been frustrated and angry like so many  Americans. I have actually been struggling with being a little sick. I  started feeling it about 2 days ago. By yesterday my throat was so  sore, I went to bed. I had a horrible night, got up, and could barely  even swallow. I had the worry in my head that maybe I had strep throat.   But guess what. Unlike the thousands of New Jerseyans who have  reached out to me, for me to worry about an illness, maybe that I have  strep throat--I went to a doctor today. I had myself tested for strep.  You see, we, in this body, enjoy health coverage, which right now  millions of Americans are worried about losing, and many other ones  worry, as we heard said tonight, about copays and prescription drug  costs. I wonder where the justice is in that.   What are the American values that hold us all together? I know we  pledge allegiance to that flag. We put our hands on our hearts, and we  swear this oath to liberty and justice for all. Where is the justice in  this country, where some people who are favored and privileged enough  and wealthy enough to afford good health coverage can have it, but for  other folks, a night with a bad sore throat or, worse, with a  disability or disease--where is their justice in the wealthiest country  on the planet Earth? We can't even, in this body, come together and do  what the President said in his campaign that he would do--everyone  would be covered and have healthcare that--I think the quote was this-- was terrific.   Well, it brings me back to what our values are as a country, and I  wonder: For we who believe in life and liberty and the pursuit of  happiness, how can we have life when we see millions of people about to  be thrown off their health coverage? We in this Nation hold these  values so dear. We believe that all are created equal and, in my  belief, should have equal rights and equal opportunities for the basics  that are necessary to succeed and to compete, and that is health  insurance.    I wonder how we have gotten to a point as a body on an issue like  this that is not just one-sixth of our economy, that will not just  affect millions and millions of lives, but that really goes to the core  of who we are as a country.   This great man, Patrick Henry, said: ``Give me liberty or give me  death.'' Those words have been coming back to me a lot in the last  months of this debate and this discussion: ``Give me liberty or give me  death.''   Well, what is the quality of the liberty in this country, where there  are people who are shackled with preventible disease and conditions  that could be treated because they don't have access to healthcare?  What is the quality of liberty in this country, where people are  chained to poverty, have to sell their cars, have to sell their homes,  and go into bankruptcy because they can't afford their healthcare  coverage?   ``Give me liberty or give me death.'' What is the quality of the  liberty when people are imprisoned by fear and worry and stress because  they have a sick child or they have a parent who is elderly and needs  care? These are the values of this country, and I don't understand how  we could be at this moment right now with the ideas that I have heard  on both sides of the aisle to make healthcare better, to improve upon  the Affordable Care Act, to extend health coverage to even more people,  to make this Nation live up to its most powerful and profound values  that made us a light unto nations, and how we could have gotten to this  point now after gaining ground, after having more people experience the  freedom and the liberty that comes from not having to worry about your  health coverage, from having access to quality healthcare? How can we  have moved forward and now be about, in a matter of hours, to push this  Nation back? I don't understand how we could be here where no one can  justify the process and no one can justify this body having gone  through such a contorted process that bends our traditions and breaks  our values. I do not understand how we could have gotten here.   Who will be hurt? Who will be hurt? I have read lots of studies  recently about how, when health insurance rates goes down, mortality  rates go up, and when health insurance rates go down, mortality rates  go up. It makes me wonder about the duty that we each have to each  other as Americans. As a man of faith, it makes me wonder about all of  us who profess our faith and how we could be allowing a process  [[Page S4406]]  to go forward where the most vulnerable among us will face fear and  deprivation and will see things that will cost life and have them  surrender liberty. We are better than this. This Nation is greater than  this.   This moment casts a shame and a shadow over the soul and the heart of  America, and I will fight even in these last hours with every breath  that I have, like the patriots before us, not to allow this to happen  to my fellow Americans. This is unjust, this is wrong, and we can and  must in these hours do better.   Let's send this bill into committees. Let's do this process as this  institution was designed to have it done. Let's open the doors of the  Capitol and invite America to come--the American Medical Association,  the American Cancer Society, hospital associations. Let's invite the  AARP. Let's have America come down here. Let's join together like our  forefathers and foremothers have done to expand liberty, to expand  opportunity, to extend hope. We can do that. All of us collectively  have that power, and it is what the people want right now. This is not  what the people want.   What we are about to vote on has only seen the light of day for a  matter of minutes now--a matter of minutes.   This Nation was founded with a proclamation that we the people--this  idea that all of us together--can do better, that when we join  together, when we stand together, when we fight together, and when we  work together, we can create a transcendent reality. That is the story  of America, and this is not. This is the betrayal of our values. This  is the betrayal of our history. This is the betrayal of the great body  in which we all are Members.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   