 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for her  hard work on this bill and bringing it here today. Most people don't  realize just how much land the Federal Government controls, and it is  just a fact that someone thousands of miles away in an office in D.C.  won't understand those land issues as much as the people who live on  the land do.   Now, the sponsor of this bill, Ms. Cheney, knows that in her great  State of Wyoming, they constantly struggle with the Federal Government  over land policies, just as California and many Western States do.  Federal regulators restrict how we can build, what our farmers can  grow, where our ranchers can graze, and how our people can enjoy the  beauty of our land.   The Bureau of Land Management's new rule, the innocently named  Planning 2.0 rule, imposes Washington's vision on land management over  vast areas of the West. This was devised by people who don't live on  our land and who don't know our land, and they just try to dictate how  to use our land. They are undermining the very idea of multiple use of  Federal lands by making the lands entirely off limits for any type of  economic purposes.   Under this rule, the Bureau will cut out local and county officials  even more. They will consolidate control over 175 million acres of land  in 11 States out West, and that is not a small amount of land. Just to  put that in perspective, that is over 261 times the size of Rhode  Island.   Using the Congressional Review Act today, we will be able to overturn  this last-minute power grab from the Obama administration and bring  some power back to the people. The American people should have the  power back again to write their own future.   I want to thank Congresswoman Cheney for keeping her word and for  standing with Wyoming and all those out west who care for their land  and want those locals to be able to control and to understand where it  is best to graze, to care, and to build, not somebody in Washington to  dictate what to do with it.   