 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to rise, and  I do feel like, to clarify, the bill title of H.R. 1219 is Supporting  America's Innovators Act.   Our colleagues have seen time and time and time again that the other  side has wanted to come to the floor and talk about everything other  than what we are dealing with. But I do want to lay out, as one of the  senior members of the committee, what has happened in Financial  Services when we have dealt with this.   Last Congress, this exact bill passed 52-2 in the committee, with the  ranking member supporting the bill. There were no dissenting minority  views that were offered. And now, with this particular piece of  legislation, H.R. 1219, there were no amendments even offered at the  Rules Committee.   So which is it? My friends across the aisle complain when we don't do  regular order. They complain if this had gone on suspension. I am kind  of reminded of Groucho Marx in his movie, ``Horse Feathers.'' Whatever  that is, I am against it. That seems to be their attitude.   But I do look forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle  to make sure that they join me in supporting government funding when we  are going to be dealing with that here shortly.   So on to our bill here, H.R. 1219, unless the opposition, the other  side of the aisle, would like to continue to talk about a lot of  nongermane things; I will keep bringing up Susan Rice and her illegally  unmasking people if they would like to do that. We can continue with  that conversation.   I would prefer to talk about H.R. 1219. So we know that small  businesses and entrepreneurs are the heartbeat of the American economy,  and access to financial capital is vital for entrepreneurs seeking  startup money, or to operate, or to expand their businesses. However,  gaining access to capital has remained an enduring challenge for small  businesses.   The financial crisis and the Great Recession made the situation worse  as capital became increasingly hard to access from institutional banks  and various capital players. And while conditions have improved  somewhat in the recent years, many entrepreneurs continue to struggle  with accessing the capital that they need to compete and to grow.   In order to succeed, these companies need capital and credit, which  is the lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job creation. Yet the  government continues to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off  from essential financing as smaller companies are caught in a sea of  regulatory red tape created by Washington bureaucrats oftentimes.   As we had a similar bill yesterday, I made the point at that time as  well. We know that 60 percent of all net new jobs that have been  created here in the United States, 60 percent of all net new jobs that  have been created here over the last 2 decades, have come from these  small businesses.   Congress has made strides in tailoring the regulatory environment for  these smaller companies--most notably when we passed, with strong  bipartisan support, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS  Act, in 2012. That was a bipartisan bill that was signed by President  Obama.   The JOBS Act's benefits are notable as more and more companies use  its provisions to raise investment capital in both the public and the  private markets. And the JOBS Act raised the cap on investors in a  privately held company from 500 to 2,000 investors, but the limit on  the number of investors acting as a coordinated group to invest in a  company remained at 100, where it has been since 1940, some 77 years  ago. I think it is about time that we update that.   As noted by Kevin Laws, of AngelList in his written testimony before  the Capital Markets Subcommittee: ``With online fundraising and general  solicitation becoming more common because of the JOBS Act, companies  are bumping up against the limit more frequently. The current limit . .  . now acts as a brake on the amount of money the company wanted to  raise, leaving tens of millions of dollars on the table that did not go  into startups.''   Well, H.R. 1219, the Supporting America's Innovators Act, a  bipartisan bill introduced by Representatives Patrick McHenry and Nydia  Velazquez, would amend the cap currently contained in the Investment  Company Act to allow 250 investors, instead of that 100, for a  qualified venture capital fund, and, therefore, enhance angel  investors' ability to provide important funding to our small  businesses.   This bill is a very modest increase to the current exemption which  has been in place for nearly 77 years, since 1940. Modernizing the cap  is long overdue and reflects today's capital markets realities and the  increasingly important role that angel investors play as they commit  the funds necessary to help these small businesses grow.   The Securities and Exchange Commission continues to ignore the  backlog of good ideas to spur capital formation recommended by  entrepreneurs, small businesses, and market participants at the SEC's  annual government-business forum on capital formation. So in the SEC's  absence, Congress must act to promote market efficiency and capital  formation. That is what we are here to do today, and I do think that  that is an extremely important thing for us to do here in Congress.   I think that we can all agree that we support smart regulation that  protects investors and maintains orderly and efficient markets.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I think we can all agree that we need to support smart  regulation that protects investors and maintains orderly and efficient  markets. But outdated, excessive, and unnecessary regulation where  costs outweigh the benefits is just dumb regulation that overly burdens  smaller companies.   So let's provide some regulatory relief by enacting this bipartisan  bill that will ease the burdens on small businesses and job creators to  help foster capital formation and get Americans back to work.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I am glad the gentleman from Michigan believes that closed rules are  regular order--maybe in Russia, but that is not supposed to be the norm  here in the people's House. We have an obligation to actually debate  serious bills.   Right now, my Republican friends are behind closed doors somewhere in  the Capitol debating healthcare legislation. And what I am against is  this whole process. This is backwards. My Republican friends ought to  be out in the open debating health care. They ought to be doing  hearings. This is what I am objecting to.   In the scheme of things, this is a relatively minor piece of  legislation, compared to my Republican friends' plans to repeal the  Affordable Care Act.   Yes, we should be debating Russia and all the ties that the Trump  administration has with Russia. The question  [[Page H2712]]  used to be: Who in the administration has ties with Russia? Now the  question is: Who in this administration doesn't have ties with Russia?  Yes, those are important things we ought to be talking about. But, come  on.   What we are objecting to is you bringing filler to the floor while,  in secret, you are trying to dismantle health care in a way that we  believe will harm millions and millions of Americans; that will take  away their protections, those who have preexisting conditions; that  will throw millions of people off of their insurance; that will take  away essential health benefits. Yeah, that is important to us, and it  is important to the American people.   What we are objecting to is a process where you debate these issues  in secret and you bring stuff like this to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, this week, President Trump signed a bill to allow  internet service providers to sell their customers' sensitive  information. This information includes location, financial and health  data, information about customers' children, Social Security numbers,  web browsing history, app usage history, and the content of their  customers' communications, such as emails and video chats.   Yet, amazingly, President Trump's tax return information is still off  limits to the American people. Every President since Gerald Ford has  disclosed his tax return information. These returns have provided a  basic level of transparency that has helped to ensure the public's  interest is placed first.   So the message from President Trump and the Republican Party is  clear: It is okay for companies to profit off your medical and  financial information, or information contained in your private emails,  but the American voter is not allowed to know if the President has any  conflicts of interest. That is right. Donald Trump's privacy matters,  but your privacy doesn't.   Internet companies can auction off your private, personal information  to the highest bidder. But information related to Donald Trump's  business life must be kept secret.   Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better, and it is incumbent  upon us, as the people's elected Representatives, to hold the executive  branch accountable.   So I am going to ask people to vote ``no'' on the previous question.  And if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to  the rule to bring up Representative Eshoo's bill, which will require  Presidents and major party nominees for the Presidency to release their  tax returns.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this is a big deal. The American people  have a right to know because the American people are concerned that  this White House is on a collision course with corruption. It is time  to let a little light shine on the President's tax returns so the  American people know what his dealings have been and know what, quite  frankly, they have been able to know about every other President and  every other major party nominee.   I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Eshoo) to discuss our proposal.   