 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate has, actually, already  considered Bill Wehrum to be the Assistant Administrator for Air and  Radiation at the Environmental Protection Agency, who is the person in  charge of the rules to administer the Clean Air Act at the EPA. This  person has already been considered, and the Senate decided that he was  not right for the job.   Over 10 years ago, President Bush nominated Mr. Wehrum to head the  Office of Air and Radiation at the EPA. He was rejected because his 6- year record as an employee at the EPA told the Senators all that they  needed to know. As the ranking member, Jim Jeffords, put it at the  time: ``Mr. Wehrum's disdain for the Clean Air Act is alarming.'' If  you disagree with the foundational Federal law that we use to keep our  air clean, then it is hard to believe that you can competently lead the  EPA's efforts when it comes to protecting our right to clean air. A  decade later, nothing has changed. Mr. Wehrum has done nothing that  should change our minds about his ability to lead the EPA.   This, of course, is part of a pattern. This administration continues  to nominate anti-science, pro-pollution, climate-denying people to lead  the U.S. agencies that are in charge of science and climate.   Scott Pruitt has denied a century's worth of established science and  basic facts that say that climate change is real, urgent, and caused by  humans. He now leads the No. 1 Federal Agency that is charged with  working on climate change.   Then there is Jim Bridenstine, who hopes to lead NASA, which is one  of our Nation's top science agencies. He, too, is still on the fence  about climate change.   Meanwhile, 13 Federal agencies, including the EPA and NASA, just  published a dire report that reads that greenhouse gases released by  human activity are to blame for rising temperatures and severe weather  throughout the world.   This is why Mr. Wehrum should not go any further. It is really very  simple. Our own government scientists say that climate change is real,  urgent, and caused by humans.   If you do not want to take their word for it, here in the United  States in this year alone, a record number of category 4 hurricanes  killed dozens of people and destroyed or damaged entire communities in  the southern United States and Puerto Rico. Wildfires killed dozens of  people and burned more than 8.4 million acres in the Northwest.  Droughts lasting for months wiped out farmers' crops and forced  ranchers to sell livestock in the Midwest. The city of Seattle had soot  on cars from the wildfires. For a period, the State of Montana,  depending on where you were, looked like it was literally on fire.   The U.S. Forest Service's budget is soon to be more than 50 percent  firefighting. This is supposed to be the Forest Service for the  conservation and management of our forests, and now it is the Federal  firefighting of our forests. There have been 15 severe weather events  this year that have resulted in losses exceeding $1 billion. That is  what insurance companies and reinsurance companies consider to be the  threshold. They consider a big event--a catastrophic event--from an  insurance standpoint to be a $1 billion event. We had 15 of them this  year in the United States. In the past 10 years, the U.S. Government  has spent more than $350 billion in helping communities recover from  severe weather, and that is before our getting through with the various  and necessary disaster supplemental budget requests that are coming  down for Florida, Houston, and Puerto Rico.   Look, severe weather is a reality or whatever you want to call it. If  you feel uncomfortable politically calling it ``climate change,'' fine,  but severe weather is actually already happening. It is now a moral  issue, and it is a fiscal issue. It has taken a huge toll on our  economy, on the American taxpayer, and on local communities. For the  most part, we do not budget for  [[Page S7094]]  these costs because we have decided that these are one-time events, but  they just happen to be one-time events that are occurring more and more  frequently and that are costing more and more.   Because of the leadership vacuum that Scott Pruitt and Donald Trump  have created, States and cities and the private sector have been  stepping up so that the United States can stay on track to cut carbon  emissions and fight climate change. Yet the Federal Government still  has a responsibility here, not just a moral responsibility but a legal  one, for the climate will keep changing, the costs will keep rising,  and more and more people will feel the effects. Instead of stepping up  so that our Federal debt does not balloon and our coastlines do not  erode and our security is not threatened, this administration keeps  nominating people like Mr. Wehrum to deny that climate is an issue and  that the government ought to act.   Throughout his career, Mr. Wehrum has demonstrated antipathy for the  very laws that he is now going to be tasked with upholding. When he  held this position in an acting capacity in the 2000s--in other words,  he was filling in until he was confirmed but was never confirmed--he  was sued dozens of times for not doing his job. Time and again, the  courts found that, in fact, he was putting special interests over  science and over the public good. This is not just a rhetorical  statement. These are 27 times that Mr. Wehrum lost in court for  exceeding his authorities under the law.   Here is where he kept getting specifically into trouble. Mr. Wehrum  is a former lawyer for the very industries that the EPA regulates-- chemical companies, utility companies, the auto industry. This is the  experience that he relied on while he worked at the EPA, which is fair  enough so far, but when the Agency started working on a rule that  regulated pollution from powerplants, Mr. Wehrum took language from his  former law firm--again, which represented powerplants--and gave it to  the EPA to put into the rule. In other words, the EPA did not look to  experts and scientists to decide how best to regulate powerplants; it  looked to the powerplants' lawyers.   Mr. Wehrum's job was to protect clean air and public health, and he  failed at that job by siding with special interests over that mission.  The courts actually stepped in 27 times, and he lost 27 times. One case  went all the way to the Supreme Court under Mr. Wehrum. The EPA said  that it did not have the authority to regulate carbon dioxide from  automobiles, but under U.S. law, the EPA must regulate all emissions  that are damaging to human health and welfare, and the Supreme Court  has acknowledged that carbon pollution fits that description.   Just to be clear, under the EPA's responsibility to administer the  Clean Air Act, the EPA does not just have the authority to regulate  carbon emissions; it has the obligation to regulate carbon emissions.  In other words, anything that is airborne that causes harm to people,  to public health, must be regulated. The EPA does not simply decide  which of these airborne pollutants must be regulated; it has to  regulate all of those pollutants that cause damage to public health.  Clearly, carbon fits that category on a commonsense level, but the  Supreme Court also decided that. There have been more intense storms,  as we have seen from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and others, that  are certainly bad for human health and well-being, and the Supreme  Court has agreed. The EPA has the authority and the obligation to  regulate these greenhouse gases.   We do not need to go through this again. Mr. Wehrum has already shown  that he is not the right leader for the EPA. He will not commit to  taking the necessary steps to address severe weather. He will not fight  for clean air. He will fight for his former clients. This is not an  accusation. It is based on exactly what he did when he was in the same  position. It is the reason the Senate rejected him 10 years ago.   With this kind of information in front of us, there is no way we can  put Mr. Wehrum back in charge of the office that is tasked with  regulating carbon pollution, not when we are facing a planetary  emergency, not when the fiscal and human costs of inaction are so  clear. The EPA needs leadership that understands the crisis we are  facing and that understands and is willing to do everything in its  power to address it. Mr. Wehrum has clearly demonstrated that he is not  the right person for this job. I will vote no on this nominee, and I  urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   