 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak 5 minutes  before the vote.    Mr. President, I rise in support of Mr. Marshall  Billingslea, who has been nominated to serve as Assistant Secretary of  the Treasury for Terrorist Financing.   Mr. Billingslea proved at his nomination hearing before the Banking  Committee that he is exceptionally qualified for this job. As Assistant  Secretary for Terrorist Financing, Mr. Billingslea would be in charge  of coordinating Treasury's efforts on terrorist financing, anti-money  laundering, and other illicit financial threats to the domestic and  international financial system.   Mr. Billingslea would work with the entire national security and law  enforcement communities, the private sector, foreign governments, and  other entities to carry out this mission.   As demonstrated at his confirmation hearing, his unique background  includes 22 years of experience working with these entities to protect  the Nation, and it also includes time in the legislative and executive  branches, as well as the private sector. After 9/11, Mr. Billingslea  served in senior positions in the Department of Defense and NATO. Prior  to that, he worked on national security affairs at the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, where he drafted numerous pieces of sections of  legislation intended to combat weapons of mass destruction and disrupt  terrorist networks.   Mr. Billingslea's qualifications and capabilities were affirmed when  he received bipartisan support from the Banking Committee in a 19-to-4  vote.   Before we proceed to the cloture vote on Mr. Billingslea, we will  have a final vote on Ms. Sigal Mandelker's nomination to be Under  Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, which I  spoke about yesterday.   These two positions are critically important to defending our Nation  from threats and securing our interests. As Assistant Secretary, Mr.  Billingslea would work closely with Ms. Mandelker as head of the policy  and outreach apparatus for the Office of Terrorism and Financial  Intelligence, which Ms. Mandelker would lead.   As we saw with the Senate passage of the Iran sanctions bill and our  Russia sanctions amendment last week, there is strong bipartisan  support in Congress to remain strong against these Nations. As with the  passage of that bill, I urge my colleagues to confirm Ms. Mandelker and  to move forward with Mr. Billingslea's nomination so they can carry out  the important work for which we have already shown such strong  bipartisan support.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   