 Mr. President, are we in morning business?    Mr. President, I rise today to point out that the Federal  Communications Commission is voting today, perhaps this morning, to  begin the process to roll back a regulatory framework that should never  have been imposed on broadband service providers in the first place.  Like many of my colleagues, I am glad the FCC is working to restore the  ``light touch'' regulatory framework that has allowed the internet to  thrive since its creation.   This action sets the stage for Congress to then put a legislative  solution in place that strikes the right balance between providing  regulatory oversight on the one hand and giving the broadband industry  the flexibility it needs to innovate and expand on the other hand.   We should not rely on a classification that was devised during the  depression era. There should be 21st-century rules for 21st-century  technology. As chairman of the Senate subcommittee that oversees  internet issues, I look forward to the task ahead. Keeping the internet  free and open is a goal shared by most of us and by many of my friends  on the other side of the aisle. A bipartisan solution can help provide  long-term certainty for both consumers and broadband providers.   This certainty will be essential to our efforts to close the digital  divide and remove barriers to internet connectivity that exist in  Mississippi and around the United States. The online experience we  enjoy today and the revolutionary advances of the internet over the  past quarter century did not happen because of the heavy hand of the  Federal Government.   These advances happened because the Federal Government stayed out of  the way, supporting a ``light touch'' regulatory framework where  innovation, competition, and investment could truly survive and thrive.   This was the framework that existed under both Republican and  Democratic administrations until 2015, when politics got in the way.  With a party-line vote, the FCC that year decided to adopt a utility- style framework, as I said, resulting from legislation devised during  the depression. It classified broadband service as a common carrier  under title II of the Communications Act of 1934.   A utility-style framework for telephones may have worked during the  Bell telephone monopoly of the depression era, but that does not mean  it is a right fit now. Nor does it mean we should adopt a completely  hands off regulatory approach, which I would also oppose. The goal of  net neutrality, which is designed to prevent internet providers from  prioritizing some legal content over others has not gone away. But we  know that handing over broad control of the internet to Washington is  also not the answer.   FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has outlined some of the reasons for this,  including the impact of title II regulations on big and small internet  service providers. If we do not give providers the confidence to invest  in better services and better infrastructure, it could limit consumers'  options and services. This could also affect our efforts to close the  digital divide, to bring the digital world to our rural communities in  Alabama and Mississippi. Underserved communities could remain  underserved.    Without broadband access, these communities could lose out on  critical jobs, economic development, and many other opportunities borne  out of the thriving internet economy.   At the end of the day, we need to be asking: What do Americans want  and what do Americans need? They need broadband that is accessible,  affordable, fast, and reliable. They want to be able to choose the  services and content that best meets their needs.   These are the priorities that need to be kept in mind as the FCC  works today and as lawmakers work to strike a balance between  regulatory oversight and free market productivity.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   