 Mr. Chairman, the floor leader has invited us to stick to  the facts, so I want to stick to the facts in order to clear up some of  the propaganda I have heard today for this terrible bill.   First of all, it has nothing to do with ``groundless cases or  frivolous claims,'' because the draconian new limits proposed in their  legislation applied only to valid claims in serious cases. It has  nothing to do with groundless cases and frivolous claims. That is an  irrelevant distraction from their own legislation, which is an attempt  to reduce what you can recover with a perfectly valid claim when a jury  has awarded you damages.   Number two, the floor leader says that it would not apply in the case  of someone being raped in a nursing home. Perhaps he thinks it wouldn't  apply to my constituent, a 15-year-old girl who got raped by her  dentist.   But as I read the bill, it says, ``healthcare lawsuit means any  action against a healthcare provider,'' and that includes anyone who is  providing healthcare. So if a nursing home is providing healthcare or a  dentist is providing healthcare, they would be covered by the law.   But I would invite the floor leader to clear this up, because if he  is representing now that rapes of patients in a nursing home or in a  dentist's office don't count, that should be definitive legislative  history that we establish today because we tried to amend the bill to  that effect in committee and the majority voted it down. But he has  just represented that a rape would not count, and I want him to  definitively commit whether or not a rape by a healthcare provider  would count.   Finally, the gentleman from Iowa says it won't preempt the States, it  will not impose Federal laws because it is still in the State courts.  It is still in the State courts, but Federal law now applies.   There are 28 States which have said that you cannot limit people's  access to noneconomic damages when a jury wants to award them those  damages for pain and suffering. They have either said in their  Constitution there can be no limits at all, or the legislatures have  said it, or the State supreme courts have struck it down. And their  legislation is a bulldozer that will run over the laws of 28 States.   And they claim, Mr. Chairman, that somehow they are acting in the  guise of federalism. They are destroying federalism. That is why I was  so happy that Mr. Duncan, a former State Judge from Tennessee, and a  member of the GOP majority, got up to say this is antithetical to  everything they stand for.     Mr. Chairman, first of all, there are only three States  in the Union that set the limit where they want Congress to set it for  every State, which is $250,000. They are overriding the laws of 28  States which allow for unlimited damages.   Number two, the gentleman from Iowa says: Well, a rape is criminal,  so it is not related.   But you can bring civil actions against the same conduct that  constitutes a crime. So if you look at your own bill, it says any  theory of liability, so that would include intentional acts.   Now, again, Mr. Chairman, is the majority representing that this will  not apply to intentional torts?   Because they were very definitive in committee that it would apply to  intentional torts, including rapes and assaults. So I would like to  know: Does it apply or does it not?   Because this is a critical matter, because people have been--we are  not talking about the good doctors. Everybody loves the good doctors.  We are talking about doctors or nursing home providers or dentists who  rape their patients and assault their patients.   They would be limited--juries could try to give millions of dollars,  but their legislation would limit you to $250,000 in noneconomic  damages. We have got to clear this up, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Conyers very much for yielding.   The good gentleman from Iowa invites us to believe that the laws of  the States are not being overridden because some of these States don't  have laws. That's right, because their State supreme courts have said  that their constitutions forbid the imposition of a cap on what juries  would award people who are injured in medical cases.   So, in Arizona, Arkansas, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Wyoming, there  are State constitutional prohibitions explicitly on damage caps. In New  York and Oklahoma, there are explicit caps on damages in wrongful death  cases. And in 11 States, State supreme courts have struck down  statutorily enacted medical malpractice damage caps: Alabama, Florida,  Georgia, Illinois, Missouri, New Hampshire, North Dakota, South Dakota,  Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.   Now, what is interesting in my State, the 15-year-old girl who was  raped by her dentist could recover up to $785,000 because we had a  whole special session of our general assembly to arrive at that figure.  But there are other States where they said you can't have any limits at  all, and those are the States that are being attacked by this  legislation because now they are reducing them from potentially $20  million or $10 million to $200,000, an outrageous invasion in states'  rights and the rights of juries to decide how people need to be  compensated.   