 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3043, the  Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017. However, I would like to  point out the positive outcomes this bill would provide to the  Hydropower industry. This bill would improve the administrative  efficiency, accountability and transparency in the process of expanding  hydropower generation. It would bring certainty and timeliness to the  licensing process, that right now takes decades to move through. This  bill would require other federal agencies to submit earlier any  foreseeable issues that would prolong the licensing process, instead of  waiting until the last hour as they are able to today.   With that said, H.R. 3043 falls short in its treatment of tribal  communities. I believe the proponents of this bill have worked in the  best interest of Indian Country, but have unfortunately fallen short.  First, this bill would overturn the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals  decision in Tacoma v. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) that  held that the Department of the Interior has the mandatory authority to  develop appropriate conditions to protect federal Indian reservations  under the Federal Power Act. Also, that FERC has no authority to reject  these conditions because the Interior Department did not meet FERC's  schedule. H.R. 3043, would overturn this decision by allowing FERC to  put a clock on other Federal agencies and force them to accommodate  their schedule. For example, if the Interior Department misses the  deadline then Tribal interests cannot be considered again until the  next re-licensing opportunity at least 40 years later.   H.R. 3043 does nothing to strengthen the tribal voice in the process  and truncates our trustee agencies' responsibility. This bill would  allow FERC to make the determination as to the scope of environmental  review for 4(e) conditions, which the Interior Department is already  required to give deference to. Hydropower projects affect entire  watersheds, which in turn impact Indian reservations in ways that FERC  and the hydropower industry have fought to deny. However, in Tacoma v.  FERC, the Court was again clear that if a project is on Indian lands,  Interior alone gets to determine what conditions, and by necessity the  environmental review, that are necessary to protect the Indian  Reservation.   H.R. 3043 would require Interior to balance energy generating  interests against the Agency's trust responsibility to protect Indian  Reservations. Currently, under the Federal Power Act, Interior's only  interest is developing conditions to protect federal Indian  Reservations, which, frankly, should only be their interests in line  with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and not the Department of Energy.   Finally, H.R. 3043 would overturn the Supreme Court's decision in  Escondido v. FERC, 466 U.S. 765 (1984) and give FERC the authority to  make a determination that a 4(e) condition and fishway condition is  inconsistent with the Federal Power Act. This is unprecedented change  in the Federal Power Act, which will undermine the federal trustee  agency's ability to protect Indian lands and resources.   There is nothing in the bill that improves the FERC relicensing in  regards to tribes and, frankly, would severely undermine tribal  governments and Interior Department's ability to protect tribal and  trust resources.   