 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as one of the lead sponsors for the Fix NICS Act of  2017, I rise in support of this legislation which has been combined  with the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which is, again, another  section that I support, also.   On the Fix NICS Act, I certainly want to thank Senator Cornyn,  Representatives Culberson, Esty, Costello, and Aguilar for their  leadership on this particular issue that we have been working on.   A few weeks ago, 26 members of the Sutherland Springs community,  which is in my district, were killed by someone who should have never  had access to firearms. The investigation into the shooter revealed  that the shooter had a criminal history. The Defense Department and the  Air Force missed six times--six times--where the criminal justice  process should have reported the history to the NICS database.   As of 2016, the Air Force, which should have entered the Sutherland  Springs shooter's criminal information, entered a total of one active  record in the NICS record. If the Air Force would have met the minimum  obligations, then the gunman never would have been able to legally  purchase a firearm. This is why we introduced the Fix NICS Act of 2017.   This legislation ensures that Federal and State authorities comply  with existing laws to accurately report relevant criminal history-- accurately report these records to the NICS. It also provides  consequences for Federal agencies who fail to report the relevant  records and ensure that States improve their overall reporting. The Fix  NICS Act is an important step to ensure that people like the Sutherland  Springs shooter never slip through the cracks of the NICS database  again.   As to the reciprocity part of it, again, I know that both sides have  spoken on that, but, again, as a supporter of the Second Amendment, I  believe that the Second Amendment doesn't stop at political State  lines. It is part of the U.S. Constitution and should apply across.   So, again, I rise in support of this legislation, and I ask my  colleagues to support this bill.   