 Mr. Speaker, Republicans now control all of our  government. Whatever happens to our healthcare system will be their  responsibility, including what has already happened since January with  the destabilizing of our insurance markets and health plans announcing  rate hikes due to uncertainty.   They will be held accountable for what happens. Today, Americans will  have an opportunity to see exactly where their Representatives stand.  This vote is a simple one. It votes to kick 24 million Americans off of  their health insurance coverage. I don't say that; CBO says that, which  is perhaps why we don't have a CBO report on the amendment. It includes  7 million people who are covered through their employers.   It is a vote to make coverage unaffordable for one in four Americans  with preexisting conditions and ration care through high-risk pools.   It is a vote to impose an age tax on older Americans, some $1,700 to  $14,600. That is quite a hike.   It is a vote to force Americans to pay more for less, to raise  premiums 24 to 29 percent, on average, over each of the next 2 years.  CBO says that, not me.   And no matter how Republicans try to spin it, healthcare advocates  from the AMA to AARP, to everybody that follows, have said that it ends  protections for those with preexisting conditions.   I repeat: It ends protections for those with preexisting conditions.   I repeat again: It ends protections for those with preexisting  conditions.   It takes away essential health benefits, like doctor visits,  emergency room visits, and prescription drugs. So this, Mr. Speaker,  will be a very instructive vote. It will show the American people if  Republicans stand with those who don't want to lose their coverage,  some 55 percent now and 75 percent saying fix it, don't repeal it--or  if they stand with a President who wants to claim a victory, but  doesn't even seem to know what his own TrumpCare bill says.   I recommend, as a political strategist who is concerned about 2018,  that you once again withdraw this bill. Instead, we ought to work  together to make sure that the Affordable Care Act works for all  Americans, and deliver on the promise that President Trump made--and  made from that rostrum--when he said that he wanted ``insurance for  everybody;'' not kick 24 million off, ``for everybody;'' not make  seniors pay more, ``for everybody;'' not to put Medicaid at risk, ``for  everybody'' that is ``far less expensive and far better.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues: Come to your senses, defeat this  bill.   