 Mr. President, the Senate is now in its third day of  voting on major healthcare legislation, and we still have no idea  exactly what the Republican leadership wants or what bill they are  going to put on the floor. The Republican leadership tosses out  options, bills that would affect the lives of millions of Americans and  one-sixth of our economy. Not even Republicans know what proposal is  coming next, and the American public certainly doesn't know what is  coming, and they are very interested because they have healthcare and  they want to know if it is going to be taken away from them.   It is as if the Republicans are playing healthcare roulette. The  leader spins  [[Page S4365]]  the roulette wheel, the ball lands arbitrarily on some version of the  ACA repeal, and the leader quickly calls a quick vote on that random  version of ACA repeal.   Soon we are going to vote on a cynical amendment from the Republicans  offering Medicare for all. My understanding is the Senator offering  this isn't even going to support his own amendment. If you were in a  State legislature, you would be prohibited from offering an amendment  like that. They oppose this Medicare-for-all amendment. They oppose  Medicare for all. So why are they seeking a vote? To distract from  their own dangerous bills and reckless process. It is a desperate ploy,  and everyone sees through it. I support healthcare for all. It should  be a right in this Nation. But this is a phony and insincere amendment.   All the while, the President stands to the side, not caring one whit  what the bill looks like or how many people will be hurt in the rush to  get a bill out the Senate door.   On Tuesday, we voted on the leadership's Better Care Reconciliation  Act 2.0. That would cut 22 million Americans off healthcare. It also  has been rejected overwhelmingly by Americans.   Yesterday, we voted on straight ACA repeal, not replacement. That  bill would throw 32 million Americans off of healthcare. That idea is  no more popular than the other bills.   Today, maybe we will vote on a last-ditch version which would repeal  parts of ObamaCare, the so-called skinny repeal option. That bill is no  better. It would mean 16 million Americans get thrown off healthcare,  and the other very important part of this is that it would raise  premiums 20 percent. We have heard our friend from Nebraska come down  here on the floor and talk about their concern about healthcare and  concern about the cost of premiums. They ought to know that this  proposal is going to raise premiums 20 percent.   This bill is the Republicans' last hope. It takes away the individual  mandate to get health insurance and the employer mandate to provide  health insurance to employees. Like the other schemes the Republicans  have tried, it would hike premiums for the elderly and for the sick.   Blue Cross Blue Shield is opposed to this proposal. They say ``strong  incentives for people to obtain health insurance and keep it year  round''--that is what they are looking for, that is what is in current  law, and we have the Republicans wanting to take it out.   There must be Affordable Care Act cost-sharing provisions for  consumers. Otherwise, there will be--and this is Blue Cross Blue Shield  again--``steep premium increases and diminished choices that would make  coverage unaffordable and inaccessible.''   Like the other schemes, this won't ensure that more Americans will  have healthcare; it means many fewer will. It doesn't decrease  healthcare costs; it increases healthcare costs. Even worse, there have  been no committee hearings, no public input on this or any of the other  versions of ACA repeal the Republican roulette ball has landed on.    To give you a sample of the public feeling on this issue--I am seeing  it across New Mexico--my office has received 14,500 calls, emails, and  letters rejecting the Republican plans. It is an unprecedented number  from the small State of New Mexico.   I agree with Senator McCain. We must go back to regular order. We  must stop this gamesmanship. We need to work together on a solution to  improve the Affordable Care Act by bringing down costs, making it  easier for small businesses to provide healthcare, and especially  making prescription drugs more affordable--but not by denying New  Mexico families and millions more access to quality healthcare.   The Republicans are playing with people's lives. Making sure severely  disabled children have healthcare through Medicaid is not a game;  neither is kicking elderly grandparents out of their Medicaid-funded  nursing homes or enabling women to get breast and cervical cancer  screenings from Planned Parenthood.   It is hard to keep up with the Republican versions 2.0, 3.0, 4.5, 5.0  of the Affordable Care Act repeal. Every bill is consistent in cutting  care for millions of Americans.   The Republicans keep proposing so-called healthcare bills that are  not actual healthcare bills. The real healthcare bill would protect  gains made, cover more people, and make health insurance more  affordable. The Republican bills do none of these things. Their bills  reverse the gains, cover millions fewer people, and make health  insurance less affordable, especially for those most vulnerable.   The American people want everyone to have affordable healthcare. That  must be our goal. Republicans and Democrats should be working hard  right now to get us to that national goal.   I have shared the stories of New Mexicans who have lives that have  been changed, and even saved, because of the Affordable Care Act--New  Mexicans like Mike, from Placitas. Mike had an aggressive cancer but  was diagnosed early, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, and doctors  saved his life. Alexis, from Albuquerque, had a stroke and brain  surgeries when she was 28. She had affordable health insurance under  the ACA, and those subsidies helped her keep health insurance and get  healthcare coverage. Elena was able to afford a lifesaving mastectomy  because of Medicaid expansion. These are real people who are now  jeopardized by the Republican bills and Republican proposals.   There are thousands more across New Mexico and millions across the  country who are crying out for the Republican majority to change this  reckless and dangerous scheme.   I yield the floor.   My colleague from New Mexico, Senator Heinrich, is here. He has been  a real champion in terms of fighting for working families and for their  healthcare.   