 Mr. President, when President Trump began his campaign  for the White House, he made national security and, in particular,  homeland security a cornerstone of his platform. His calls to secure  the border to keep terrorists off U.S. soil and to protect our  communities struck a chord with a large majority of Americans who for  years felt that Washington ignored their very real concerns about our  porous borders and broken immigration system.   As expected, the President moved quickly to deliver on his promises  to fix this broken system. This week, the Trump administration rolled  out a revised version of this Executive order aimed at restoring  confidence in the procedures we have used to vet refugees fleeing from  nations that are known to harbor radical and violent extremists.   The revised version appears to have benefited from the engagement of  the President's Cabinet, especially the key input of Homeland Security  Secretary Kelly. This valuable input underscores how important it is  for the President to have his team in place to govern effectively.   Senate Democrats have slowed the confirmation process at every turn.  I encourage them to abandon the political games so we can quickly fill  the remaining vacancies that require Senate confirmation.   It is vital that every affected agency is engaged in these types of  decisions. That isn't possible if the Senate is failing to do its duty  to confirm the President's nominees. Congress has many problems to  tackle, but protecting our Nation is at the top of that list. That  requires we work together to govern.   It also requires we take a step back from the heated rhetoric and  have honest conversations. Taking the fundamental steps to protect our  homeland does not diminish the fact that we are a welcoming nation that  strives to help the vulnerable.   It is no secret that ISIS and other volatile extremists want to  exploit our Nation's generosity and welcoming spirit to sneak  terrorists onto American soil. This plan has worked well in Europe.  ISIS believes it can work here as well. We can, and must, take  reasonable measures to prevent that.   It is reasonable, responsible, in fact, to put a pause on accepting  refugees from these nations in order to fix the flaws in the process  and instill confidence in the system. The revised order removes Iraq  from the list of countries. That is a move in the right direction. It  shows that the Iraqis have taken the right steps in agreeing to  increase their cooperation with us, and effecting positive outcomes in  our relations with these nations is what this pause is all about.  [[Page S1737]]    Four of the countries on this list don't even have a U.S. Embassy. So  you can understand how difficult it is to get a complete picture of the  refugees seeking asylum from those countries when we don't even have a  means by which to communicate.   Once the President's Executive order goes into effect, every country  will be evaluated within 20 days. If a country comes up short of where  it needs to be, it will have 50 days to fix the failures and  communications with us.   The reasonable measures we are taking to reduce this threat in no way  run counter to the ideals our Nation is built upon. We can be proud of  the resources the United States has provided to support those fleeing  persecution in war-torn Syria. I have visited the refugee camps we  support in Jordan and Turkey. Our commitment to their well-being is  strong. The rhetoric doesn't match the realities when it comes to this  issue.   The administration's efforts to secure our borders has been met with  similar hyperbole. Again, there is nothing unreasonable about ensuring  that we know who is coming into our Nation. We are a nation of  immigrants and must remain welcoming to those who want to achieve the  American dream. We should be proud of our record to naturalize those  who immigrate here legally. We naturalize more new citizens per year  than the rest of the world combined. Enforcing the law, ensuring the  safety and security of our Nation, will not change our commitment to  being a welcoming society to those who seek a better life.    But you can't create policies to secure our homeland while wearing  rose-colored glasses. There are terrorists seeking to exploit our good  graces so they can attack us here at home. This is not a scare tactic;  this is reality, and we have to root our policies in reality.   As chairman of the Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee, I  strongly support President Trump's efforts to get Washington to uphold  our most important responsibility: protecting the American people. I  stand ready to work with him, Secretary Kelly, and my colleagues to  accomplish this goal.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.   