 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. If you have a  contract doing business with the Federal Government, if in your  disclosures you have been found designated to have violations of the  Federal Labor Relations Act, and those violations are considered to be  willful, intentional, and repeated, then you will not be able to take  advantage of this particular appropriation.   This kind of amendment is designed to say that the Federal Government  believes that a penny earned and a penny worked should be received by  the worker. It is as simple as that.   People who do not support this amendment are saying that Federal  contractors can engage in wage theft and it is okay with us. And we are  simply saying that the hardworking people in the United States expect  that the Federal penny that workers earn will be given to them, and  that is not too much to ask.   Hardworking people living in America should never worry that an  employer will steal their wages, especially if that employer is paid by  a government contract. Right now, Federal contractors who repeatedly  and intentionally pay subminimum wage, force  [[Page H7308]]  their workers to work off the clock, refuse to pay overtime, or make  illegal deductions on their employees' pay are still allowed to apply  for Federal contracts. They should not be. We should reward workers who  treat their workers fairly and not allow firms who willfully and  repeatedly profiteer off of their employees by letting them keep their  government contracts.   If passed, my amendment will ensure that a business that willfully  and repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act cannot apply for a  Federal Government contract until they clean up their act. To be clear,  my amendment would not punish a single accidental violation.   If my colleagues across the aisle won't make corporations pay their  fair share of their taxes, I hope that they will at least join me in  going after employers who refuse to pay taxpayer money to line their  pockets by cheating employees repeatedly, and on purpose. This is not a  small thing. This is real money out of real people's pockets.   The Economic Policy Institute found that low-wage workers in just the  ten most popular States--California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, and  others--lose $8 billion in wages due to wage theft each year.   For example, the corporation General Dynamics Information Technology  owns a number of call centers that serve Federal contracts. In the last  10 years, they have agreed to pay $412,000 in back wages to 921  employees for Fair Labor Standards Act violations. Immigrants and  residents of low-income communities are often at the greatest risk for  abuse at the hands of employers who do wage theft.   The government should be doing everything it can to protect workers  from intimidation and stolen wages. If this amendment passes, companies  like General Dynamics Information Technology won't be able to continue  to do what they have been doing. They will have to be fair to people,  at least after they clean up their act.   We have to demand higher standards, Mr. Chairman. Respecting a fair  day's pay for a fair day's work is an American value.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Scott).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   