 Mr. President, first of all, I wish to thank my friend,  the Senator from Florida, for his comments. There is no one in this  body who is more familiar with and more knowledgeable about our space  programs than is Senator Nelson.   I also want to associate myself with two comments he made. No. 1, as  the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, I echo what he said  about the very real, tangible threat the Russians, their spy agencies,  and their agents pose to not just our democratic process but--as the  Senator from Florida has outlined, not only did they attack us in 2016,  they attacked the Dutch, which is why they had to hand-count their  ballots, and they attacked the French, and Facebook took down 30,000  Facebook accounts because of fear of Russian manipulation. They will  attack the Germans.   One of the things that is so concerning to me is that if you add up  the amount of disruption the Russians have caused in Western societies  at large without firing a shot or shooting a missile--and all that for  less than 5 percent of the cost of an aircraft carrier--it is a pretty  good return.   Our country needs to be strong against Russia, and I support the  Russia sanctions, but I also support, as the Senator has indicated, a  really critical part--that we continue our space program. I stand here  to join with Senator Nelson and my good friend, the Senator from  Colorado, Mr. Gardner, in support of this amendment No. 250, which will  allow civilian agencies to continue to launch crucial science, civil,  and commercial space missions and which will continue to support NOAA  and NASA, which depend upon their research.   Without this amendment--and I think this is an amendment that  corrects a mistake in the original bill--billions of dollars and years  of planning that have gone into missions like, as the Senator  mentioned, the International Space Station, commercial cargo, Mars  2020, and the Joint Polar Satellite System, just wouldn't be possible.  In many ways, without this amendment, we could even become more  dependent upon Russian technology.   Again, as the Senator mentioned, I think the overwhelming majority of  this body is very supportive of sanctions against Iran. We are very  supportive, and I appreciate the opportunity to add stronger sanctions  against Russia and sanctions that this  [[Page S3510]]  President cannot arbitrarily withdraw. But we have to make sure that in  this bill we don't do unintentional harm to our space interests--space  interests that I know are in Colorado and Florida and my home State of  Virginia, where we have a flight facility at NASA Wallops, which is  over on our Eastern Shore, where we launch both NASA and commercial  satellites.   We have one of America's leading commercial and military companies,  Orbital ATK, which is headquartered in Virginia and launches the  Antares rocket from Wallops. The fact is, without this amendment,  Orbital ATK would be prevented from buying the Russian RD-181 engines  for its Antares rockets. That will do nothing to help America's space  mission. The fact is, without those engines, Orbital would not be able  to fulfill a $1.2 billion contract for launching from Wallops.   Quite simply, as the Senator indicated and I am repeating, this  amendment is broadly bipartisan. My friend Senator Gardner and I chair  the Cyber Caucus. The amendment is supported by our leading expert in  the Senate on space, Senator Nelson, as well as Senator Shelby and  Senator Bennet and a host of others. I imagine the Presiding Officer is  also a supporter of this. The amendment would simply provide civil and  commercial space parity with the defense industry, for which an  exemption has already been provided. It is in the interests of defense  and civil space to continue the current status quo in order to maintain  a competitive environment until a domestic capability has been  developed.   Let me be clear. I think it is important that over a very short time,  we get away from purchasing Russian rockets, but we need that  transition period, and the transition period the chairman of the Armed  Services Committee laid out on the defense side ought to be extended as  well on the commercial side.   So a ``yes'' vote on amendment No. 250 will support continued access  to space for NASA, as well as for those equally important commercial  space missions. One of the things that I feel is so important about the  commercial space missions is that we have to have that competition,  candidly, with NASA and to push our defense industry if we are going to  bring down space costs. To put a dagger in the heart of our commercial  space industry as it has been slowly evolving would be a grave mistake.   I have taken on this issue on the intelligence side as I have tried  to get smarter on the whole question of our overhead capabilities. The  amount of dollars that we spend and the lack of competitiveness that we  have in terms of some of our more traditional government-purchased  space assets are both a waste of taxpayer dollars, and, candidly, we  have an architecture overhead that is not modern enough to recognize  the threats that Russians, Chinese, and others pose in terms of the  ability to jam our satellites and use laser beams and other things. In  a sense, in many ways, it is almost as if our defense and the  intelligence community, on overhead architecture--nobody ever saw a  James Bond movie. We built these large, bulky platforms in the sky with  the assumption that America would always dominate space. That  dominance--it is unfortunate because our adversary changes, it is  coming to an end, and we need the competition from the commercial  industry, quite honestly, to push the IC and push the defense toward  smaller, more resilient, and more flexible platforms.   While I share the desire of the chairman of the Arms Services  Committee to get us off this Russian hardware, we do need this  transition. I think the amendment that has been put forward by the  Senator from Colorado provides that transition, led by the transition  that was laid out on defense. I believe commercial space needs that  same type of transition.   I hope the amendment will pass. I look forward to our continued  bipartisan support of both NASA and commercial space and obviously our  defense assets and IC assets as well.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arizona.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, the Russian sanctions amendment passed by  this body 97 to 2 last year--I take it the Senator from Florida and the  Senator from Virginia were here at the time; it was one person who was  not--was negotiated between Senators of both parties on multiple  committees, including Foreign Relations, Banking, and Armed Services.  It was specifically designed to impose tough sanctions on Russian  defense and intelligence sectors, to impose tough sanctions on the  Russian military industrial complex and intelligence agencies that have  made it possible for Russia to invade Ukraine, annex Crimea, terrorize  Syria, threaten our NATO allies, and attack America's election in 2016.  Have no doubt about what this amendment is, my dear colleagues and  friends. It is a giveaway to the Russian military industrial complex.   There has always been a collection of lawmakers, executives, and  lobbyists who have accepted continuing, even deepening, our Nation's  dependence on Russian rocket engines. That is exactly what will happen  if we allow this amendment to pass, and the door will once again fly  open for taxpayer dollars to be used to subsidize purchases of Russian  rocket engines--purchases which line the pockets of Vladimir Putin's  cronies.   My friends, if you want to vote to buy more Russian rocket engines,  just say it. That is fine. That is fine with me, but to cloak it in  some kind of bipartisan agreement that somehow we are going to have to  continue to buy these Russian rocket engines, after we had an agreement  last year 97 to 2--97 to 2--what does this do? This undoes last year's  97-to-2 agreement. We don't need this amendment to meet America's needs  in space.   As a result of last year's bipartisan agreement and the NDAA, the  Department of Defense is on a path to gradually eliminate dependence on  Russia as quickly as possible while fostering competition among  American companies. NASA needs to do the same. NASA needs to do the  same. NASA needs to do the same.   Sanctions, by definition, require tradeoffs. Sanctions are not free.  Countries that impose sanctions must be willing to pay a cost, too, if  and when a greater principle, a great national security interest, is at  stake.   Let me conclude because I note the chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee and the ranking member here. There are costs and tradeoffs  the United States has been asking our European allies to make in the  last few years. We have leaned on France to cancel a sale of naval  vessels to Russia. We have been warning Central and Eastern European  allies against deepening their dependence on Russian energy with  various energy deals and infrastructure projects. We should not be  asking our allies to make these sacrifices unless we are prepared to do  the same.   We will probably pass this amendment. If there is ever a doubt in any  of our constituents' minds about the influence of special interests, it  will be with passage of this amendment--which, by the way, with all due  respect to my friends and colleagues, was the one thing they didn't  want. The one thing they didn't want was an on-the-record vote on this  amendment, which is why I am confident it will lose, but I want every  Member of the U.S. Senate to look in the eyes of the mother whose son  was just killed by a Russian sniper, as I did, down in Mariupol not too  long ago.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment. I know how it is going to come  out, but Members of the U.S. Senate will at least be on record. I say  this is not the most courageous chapter in the history of this  institution. I urge a ``no'' vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   