 Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to serve on the House  Foreign Affairs Committee under the leadership of Chairman Royce and  Ranking Member Eliot Engel. I am very grateful that they brought this  legislation to the House floor for consideration today.   As a co-chair of the House Republican Israel Caucus, the original  cosponsor on this piece of legislation, I would strongly encourage all  of my colleagues to support this important bill.   I am thinking of values, what drove Taylor Force to sign up for the  United States Military Academy at West Point, to deploy into combat, to  protect and defend our freedoms and liberties; willing to lay it all on  the line; willing to risk everything for our flag, for our  Constitution, not just for family back home.   He is joined here--he is certainly with us in spirit--with his  parents, Stuart and Robbi, who are in the gallery, and they know that  the legacy of  [[Page H9653]]  Taylor Force's service and sacrifice is one that already is showing a  change in policy in the interactions between our Nation and those in  that region. Because as we think of values, the values of the  Palestinian Authority is one that incites violence, that financially  rewards terrorism, that treats terrorists like they are heads of state  at their funerals and calls them martyrs.   I stand with Taylor Force. The House Foreign Affairs Committee stands  with Taylor Force. This entire body, hopefully, when this comes to a  vote, stands with the parents of Taylor Force, and our effective and  better leveraging of our money because we should not provide $1 of  United States taxpayer funds if that money is going to go towards not  only inciting violence, but also financially rewarding terrorism.   The United States taxpayers not only want to make sure that their  money isn't going to financially reward Palestinian terrorists when  they murder innocent Israelis, but this is also about Americans--U.S.  tax dollars going to an entity that financially rewards terror.   I was moved greatly as I was listening to Chairman Emeritus Ileana  Ros-Lehtinen's remarks and the need to use all resources that are  available to stand shoulder to shoulder with our Nation's greatest ally  and change behavior of those bad actors. Those are the values, and we  stand with Taylor Force.   