 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Representative Mulvaney to be the Director of the Office of Management  and Budget because I have deep concerns about his record.   I believe his far-right views are out of the mainstream and wrong for  our Nation and wrong for the people of Michigan.   In part, my vote against his nomination is due to his long-held  public belief that we should balance the Federal budget on the backs of  seniors and retirees who have worked their entire lives. Representative  Mulvaney's policies would mean raising the retirement age, making deep  cuts in Medicare, and driving up costs for seniors who already struggle  to afford the care they need. These are policy proposals that Mr.  Mulvaney would bring to the highest levels of government, if confirmed,  and I fundamentally disagree with his approach to budget policy.   While I disagreed with a number of Representative Mulvaney's  positions when we served together in the U.S. House of Representatives,  I entered his confirmation hearing with an open mind. I thought that in  preparing for a role with broad jurisdiction over the Federal  Government, he might have developed more nuanced views on some of these  difficult issues. However, after speaking with Representative Mulvaney  during our recent hearing and reviewing his responses to my colleagues,  it is clear he will bring the same extreme views to the administration  that he brought to the Congress.   On Social Security, which is absolutely critical to seniors and  families across the State of Michigan, Representative Mulvaney has  repeatedly called for congressional action to raise the retirement age  and reduce benefits. He has publicly called Social Security  [[Page S1203]]  a ``Ponzi scheme.'' When I asked Representative Mulvaney about his  views during this hearing, he confirmed to me that raising the  retirement age is a central piece of what he calls Social Security  reform.   I could not disagree more. Michigan workers have worked their entire  lives and have contributed out of their paycheck to the Social Security  trust fund. I simply cannot vote for someone who takes pride in telling  these Michiganders--construction workers, nurses, autoworkers--that  they need to spend another 5 years on their feet after a lifetime of  hard work.   Social Security is not a Ponzi scheme, and labeling it as such shows  callous indifference to Michigan families. Social Security is one of  the most successful programs in our Nation's history. Confirming  Congressman Mulvaney to lead the Office of Management and Budget is a  direct threat to the financial security of millions of seniors and  retirees.   If you believe Mr. Mulvaney's proposals on Social Security are  wrongheaded, just wait until you hear his views on Medicare. He has  vowed to ``end Medicare as we know it.'' He has said the plans of House  Speaker Paul Ryan, which called for drastic cuts to Medicare, didn't go  far enough.   During the first term of President Reagan, a saying entered into the  public discourse as the newly elected President was staffing up his  administration: ``Personnel is policy.''   While President Trump said on the campaign trail that he opposes  changes to Social Security and Medicare, personnel is policy. While the  title of the job, ``Director of the Office of Management and Budget,''  might conjure up images of a bureaucratic backwater for many Americans,  make no mistake, we are currently debating who will hold one of the  most powerful positions in this new administration--and personnel is  policy.   Let's be clear. Congressman Mulvaney's nomination presents a direct  threat to Medicare and to Social Security. While his positions on these  critical programs are enough to warrant my ``no'' vote, let's examine  how we might address other aspects of the Federal budget.   We don't need to work at the Office of Management and Budget or be an  accountant to know that President Trump's budget priorities simply do  not add up. The Federal debt and deficit are serious issues, but we  haven't seen one serious proposal from this administration on how we  reach fiscal sustainability. It is the job of the OMB Director to help  bring some sense to these proposals.   What are the proposals? They include $10 trillion in tax cuts; $40  billion on a border wall--with some kind of IOU from Mexico;  drastically increasing defense spending; $1 trillion on infrastructure;  and a campaign promise to never, ever touch Social Security and  Medicare.   It simply doesn't add up. Either President Trump is planning to grow  our debt and deficit to dangerous levels or he is going to ask his  advisers which of his many campaign promises he should break. Given  Representative Mulvaney's belief that deficits can be solved by cutting  benefits for seniors and slashing investments in basic science and  research, he is not the person I want in the position of OMB Director.   This role is also not just about expenditures and revenue. As a  senior member of the President's economic team, you need a steady hand  to help lead the government of the world's largest economy. Given the  disarray that we are now seeing in the White House, I am convinced now  more than ever that Representative Mulvaney is not that steady hand to  help lead fiscal policy in this Nation.   In 2013, Representative Mulvaney supported and helped lead the effort  for a government shutdown. Let me repeat: He helped lead the effort to  shut down the U.S. Government. More specifically, he helped lead the  effort to shut down the government because the Senate would not agree  to defund Planned Parenthood.   In his confirmation hearing, he had a chance to explain this  position. Our ranking member, Senator McCaskill, asked him flat out: Do  you still believe that the 2013 government shutdown was good policy?   His response: Yes, ma'am. It was polite, but wrong. Polite isn't  enough. We simply cannot have these views in the highest levels of  government.   This spring, on April 28, funding for the Federal government expires.  Critical programs, from childcare to scientific research, will halt  unless there is an agreement in place. It is hard to have confidence  that this administration will come to a reasonable agreement when their  nominee for the highest budget position believes it is ``good policy''  to shut down the Federal Government.   This will not be the first, or last, potential budgetary crisis the  OMB Director could face. Sometime this summer, the U.S. Congress will  need to address the debt ceiling in order to meet our previously  agreed-to financial obligations. If we do not come to an agreement, the  effects on the global economy will be devastating. We risk permanently  downgrading our credit rating and setting off a worldwide financial  crisis.   Representative Mulvaney on many occasions has doubted the need to  raise the debt ceiling. He has doubted that the U.S. Government should  meet our financial obligations. This makes me doubt his very basic  qualifications to serve as the Director of OMB.   This is far beyond partisan politics. This is the fiscal health of  our Nation that will be at stake--truly, the full faith and credit of  the U.S. Government. If Congressman Mulvaney, as the highest ranking  budget official in the Nation, is not going to advocate on behalf of  this commitment, who will?   I am also worried that Congressman Mulvaney simply lacks the ability  to see how fiscal and financial decisions impact working people. He  looks past them and doesn't give them a second thought. During his  confirmation hearing, I offered Mr. Mulvaney the chance to explain why  he did not pay payroll taxes for the nanny who took care of his  children. To be frank, I was shocked by his response. To him, there was  a ``differentiation,'' in his mind, between the employee who was  spending 40 hours a week helping to raise his triplets and the  employees who spent 40 hours a week in his law firm. To him, the white  collar workers in his law firm were employees, and his nanny was not. I  am shocked that Mr. Mulvaney did not realize that childcare is work,  and it is some of the hardest, most important work there is. Whether a  nanny, babysitter, or childcare provider, this employee mattered, and  he looked past her and didn't give her a second thought--until he was  nominated to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget.   I don't believe my colleagues should give him the opportunity to  advance his extreme positions on Medicare and Social Security and look  past hard-working Michiganders. I will oppose Representative Mulvaney's  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to join me.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Georgia.   