 Madam Speaker, the carving up and commercial sale of  dismembered unborn children ranks as one of the most horrific and  barbaric acts in American and human history.   As an adoptive father, I speak today on behalf of the 55 million  Americans that have had their lives brutally ended with the scalpel,  the suction hose, and the callousness of the murderous culture that  allows it to perpetuate.   These Americans had a right to choose life that they did not want to  lose. We have the ability to restore to future Americans that choice.  Until that day, no American should be forced to end the life of an  innocent human being with their tax dollars.   We can carve up a child and call it a choice. We can destroy human  life and call it health care. We can make the killing of children legal  and pretend it is beneficial. We can cover acts of barbarity with the  veneer of civility. But we cannot escape our accountability before the  Creator of life.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   The gentlewoman from Tennessee keeps saying over and over that  different people voted for H.R. 2029 and, therefore, they must be for  the Hyde amendment. I would like to point out that she herself voted  against H.R. 2029. I guess maybe that means she is against the Hyde  amendment since she voted against that bill.   The point I am making is that all of us oppose the Hyde amendment. We  are all cosponsoring the EACH Woman Act. Simply because you vote for or  against a large omnibus bill does not mean you are necessarily in favor  of or against the Hyde amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Jersey  (Mrs. Watson Coleman).   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   H.R. 7 will make permanent the harmful and discriminatory Hyde  amendment, penalizing small businesses who want to provide  comprehensive health coverage to their employees and, once again,  trampling on the District of Columbia by prohibiting the District from  spending its own local funds for abortion coverage.    Yet again, the GOP has put our bodies and the choices we should get  to make about them in the middle of a political firestorm. With every  exhaustingly repetitive argument about when, how, and where a woman  should be able to make those decisions, our country suffers.   If my Republican colleagues are so concerned about the life of a  child, why isn't there priority to put forth a plan for public  education? Why haven't we seen a comprehensive plan to continue the job  growth that President Barack Obama started?   Their motives are transparent and I refuse to let this White House or  any elected official play politics with women's bodies. As we continue  down this dangerous road, today, tomorrow, and every day thereafter  will be a day of resistance.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   