 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of the repeal of the  Independent Payment Advisory Board.   This is another classic example of a solution in search of a problem.  Of all the things that we should be working on in Congress in a  bipartisan fashion to improve and to fix the problems that exist within  our healthcare system, we have legislation on the floor before us today  that calls for the repeal of a nonexisting commission, based on  nonconsistent spending cuts being proposed for Medicare, based on a  nonconsistent cost of rate of increase in spending under the Medicare  program, all of which is going to add $17.5 billion to the deficit over  the next 10 years because this bill isn't paid for. And the irony is  they are coming forward with this legislation, which will add another  $18 billion to the debt, on the same day they release a tax bill that  calls for an additional $1.5 trillion worth of deficit spending because  the tax bill hasn't been offset. At some point and at some time, we  have got to take a bipartisan stand on fiscal responsibility in this  place again because it is not happening today.    Instead, we should be working on short-term, practical solutions to  stabilize and bring more certainty to the health insurance marketplace,  in light of what the administration is doing to completely undermine  the marketplaces today. We ought to be working on delivery system  reform proposals that will emphasize the establishment of accountable  care organizations and medical homes and value-based purchasing and  bundling arrangements and different alternative payment models to get  us to a system of value, quality, and outcomes, and away from the fee- for-service payment for the volume of services, regardless of results.   Let's be honest, the real cost driver in our Federal budget--and it  is true at the State and local level--has been healthcare costs because  we have an aging population. That is the work that we should be working  on together, is the delivery system reform and the payment reform, so  we are aligning the incentives in the right direction where we are  telling our healthcare providers: You will be compensated based on good  results, not on how much you do.   There is a lot within the Affordable Care Act giving our providers  the very tools in order to accomplish that, and we ought to be  enhancing that here today. Instead, we are wasting time on a commission  that, according to the CMS's own actuary, says, at the very earliest,  it might be comprised in 2021. But, even then, it warrants us, with the  mission that we have given it, that: Hey, you have got healthcare  spending within the healthcare system that, Congress, you need to deal  with. And then come back with recommendations. And then it is up to us  to make corrective action at that time.   So all this talk about unelected bureaucrats making these decisions  belies what the legislation actually calls for in the establishment of  the IPAB. This was, however, another important cost containment tool  that was put into the Affordable Care Act to try to restrain the growth  of healthcare spending. We need more of those type of ideas, rather  than efforts today to remove those tools and then possibly see just  unbridled healthcare spending in the future.   What is really disturbing is I know there is a lot of common ground  in this area, yet the American people wouldn't know it, with this  political ping-pong ball on healthcare reform going back and forth and  the chaos and the confusion that it is causing, and that is  unfortunate.   So, instead, today, we ought to first take steps to stabilize the  insurance exchanges, rather than an administration that is doing  everything they can to limit the enrollment during the signup period,  which actually started yesterday and lasts until December 15. They have  cut by 90 percent funding for marketing of the exchanges. They have cut  by almost 50 percent the funding for our navigators back home who are  trying to help people get affordable healthcare coverage in their  lives. They ended the cost-share payments, which only increases the  cost for healthcare for everyone else because of the risk that the  insurance plans now face.   The other segment of the population that we should be focused on in  helping is that 5 or 6 percent of the population that are in the  individual market who don't qualify for premium tax credits because  they are getting hammered today. You would think that would be another  area of bipartisan commonality that we can come together on  [[Page H8416]]  to provide relief for those individuals who are in the individual  market experiencing these higher premiums, part of it being done  because of the elimination of the cost-sharing reduction payments, but,  instead, nothing is being done on that front.   My friend from Michigan also pointed out that we should be having  hearings about the cost of prescription drugs in committee. That is one  of the main cost drivers within the healthcare system, yet there is  deafening silence in the Halls of Congress when it comes to taking  measure on that front, even though President Trump promised during the  course of his campaign and even earlier this year to try to take some  action in a bipartisan way to address drug costs.    It was an initiative that the President was even interested  in trying to address. Yet, again, nothing is being done.   So this legislation is much ado about nothing because there is  nothing pending. In fact, nothing would be pending, according to the  CMS actuary, until, at the earliest, 2021. Instead, we are wasting time  and opportunity to address the real problems and finding the real fixes  that are needed in the healthcare system. There I am confident there is  a lot of bipartisan overlap, having worked with many of my colleagues  on the committee and across the aisle, on many of these measures that I  just mentioned here today.   So I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' and allow this to go  forward, because it does keep an eye on rising costs and it keeps the  pressure where it belongs--right here in Congress--to take future  action if the rate of growth starts spinning out of control.   