 Mr. President, may I inquire, what is the remaining  Republican time?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Three minutes.    Mr. President, the majority time is 3 minutes?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes.    Mr. President, the majority time is 3 minutes?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes.    Senator Strange is coming, and I will take my time later.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, we are talking today, obviously, as we move  into the final hours of this debate, about the two mandates in the  original Affordable Care Act, the individual mandate and the employee  mandate--certainly, the individual mandate but both of these mandates.   First, I want to talk about the individual mandate. It was  unprecedented in Federal law. The idea that the Federal Government  could tell somebody they had to buy a product, tell them what that  product had to look like, and have very little input on the price or  competition is just something the Federal Government had never done  before. They didn't just set guidelines, they didn't even just set  subsidies but actually a requirement to buy a product or pay a penalty.   Now, when this case got to the Supreme Court, the government was  still arguing it was a penalty and there was nothing wrong with that  penalty, until apparently they figured out the Court wanted to look at  this as a tax because a penalty wouldn't have been constitutional.   Now, we all know this is a penalty. The Supreme Court can call it a  tax, the Obama lawyers could at that moment decide, well, even though  we set up the law as a penalty, we really think it must be a tax, and  that 5-to-4 decision decided that because it was a tax, not a penalty,  that part of the law was upheld.   Nobody ever thought this was a tax before that day, nobody has ever  seriously thought it was a tax after that day. It was a penalty you pay  if you decide you don't want to do something the Federal Government  tells you that you have to do.   There is no constitutional basis that gives the government the  authority to make that kind of decision, and families and individuals  have been hurt by that decision.   There is only one place to go on the individual market, the exchange.  Remember that? We have almost forgotten the total disaster of the  exchange. States tried to operate exchanges, almost none of them  worked. States spent millions and tens of millions, and I think a time  or two maybe even more than that to put an exchange together. It didn't  work. That part of the law didn't work so you wind up mostly with one  big exchange. Even with one big exchange, you have to think about  whether the policies available in the county you live in--most of the  debate over the past several years, a lot of the debate has been we  ought to expand the marketplace, we ought to buy across State lines, we  should have more choices and more places to go. Somehow we managed to  define in this law, the law that is currently the law of the land, a  marketplace that is about as small as it could possibly be.   In our State, in Missouri, we have counties that have a million  people. We have a county that has a million people. We have a county  that has 4,000 people. The county that has 4,000 people has its own  buying unit when it comes to looking at how the marketplace is set up.  It just doesn't make sense. The deductibles are so high, the choice is  so low. Some defenders of the law will say that costs will go up if the  amendment passes. That is possible, but we know the costs will go up if  the amendment fails. We know the costs will go up if we stay where we  are.   Costs, since 2013, have increased an average of over 100 percent in  the country--105 percent. This was the law that was going to reduce  family costs by $2,500 a year. Families are generally relieved if their  insurance didn't increase by $2,500 a year, let alone fail to reduce by  $2,100 a year. So a 105-percent increase in 4 years--in Missouri, where  I live, 145 percent is the increase.   I think at least three States have had an increase of more than 200  percent, and even with an increase of more than 200 percent, nobody  wants to sell insurance there. Not only is there no competition, I  think about one-third of the counties in America this year don't have  more than one company that will even offer a product. Some have had no  companies that would offer a product, and 40 percent is the estimate  for next year. There are places where no more than one company will  offer a product. What kind of competitive marketplace is that?   The government, with the mandate, says you have to buy a product and  you have to buy it in that marketplace and you have to buy it from that  one company at whatever rate some other level of government has finally  approved to keep the company there that probably didn't want to be  there, but if you don't buy it, you pay a penalty.   This is not working. Millions of people have chosen to pay the  current penalty, which was $695, rather than to participate in a system  that didn't work for them. Families can't continue to pay more and get  less.   Remember former President Clinton's observation on this: What a crazy  system. The costs keep going up and the coverage keeps going down. We  have forced people to be in a system that according to President  Clinton, the costs keep going up, the coverage keeps going down, and if  you don't participate in that, you pay a penalty.   We have to move in a different direction. Eliminating these mandates  helps to do that. There are some Congressional Budget Office numbers  out there that estimate what is about to happen. They certainly totally  misestimated the current law. I believe, under the current law, there  would be 25 million people, roughly, or some big number like that on  the exchange today. There are 10 million instead of 25 million, 22  million, whatever the projection was for this date in 2017. There are  about 10 million.   CBO is notoriously wild with their projections. They projected, for  instance, that 15 million people would drop out of the individual  market if one of the many burdens of this bill or these amendments  passed. There are only 10 million people in the market. How do 15  million people drop out if there are only 10 million people there?   They said that 7 million people who get Medicaid and pay nothing for  it wouldn't take that if the government didn't force them to. There  must be something wrong with the insurance product and Medicaid both if  people don't take it even if it is available to them. The current  system isn't working.   The other mandate, the employer mandate, is telling employers what  they have to do. One of the great benefits of health insurance in this  country since World War II has been insurance at work. It was pretty  much an accident in 1946. The war was over, and no one wanted to heat  up the economy too quickly so it was decided to have wage and price  controls. Somebody asked the price control person: If we add insurance  at work, does that count toward wages? They wanted to compete for more  and better employees they could get coming back into that economy from  the war. So they asked, if we add insurance to work, does that count as  wages? The wage and price control person said, no, it wouldn't count.  So they went to the IRS person and said: If it doesn't count toward the  wage, is it taxable if they get it at work? That person said, no, it  wouldn't be taxable either. So we have this unique system that  developed. We need to figure out how more people can get insurance at  work, more people can get insurance as a part of bigger groups. There  are things that work and things that don't. The government requiring  you to do something and thinking there is a constitutional right to do  that just simply doesn't work.   In fact, with the employer mandate, there are all kinds of unintended  consequences. People with 50 employees didn't want to get more than 50  employees. The 30-hour workweek became a problem. In fact, Ms. Collins,  the Senator from Maine, from almost day one has said: Why do we want to  enshrine the 30-hour workweek? Let's have a 40-hour workweek. Her  amendment was offered and filed over and over again. Companies were  reluctant to hire new employees. These are the  [[Page S4391]]  unintended consequences of the employer mandate. Too many people have  two 26-hour jobs now who need a 40-hour job with good benefits instead  of two 26-hour jobs with no benefits.   More choices and the kind of access to healthcare people need is  where we ought to be focused, a solution that provides healthcare and  not just coverage. It is great to have insurance coverage. It is great  to have even a government insurance coverage like Medicaid, unless no  doctor wants to take any new Medicaid patients or if your insurance  coverage deductible is so high. The averages on the bronze plan is  $6,000 per individual, $12,000 per family. If your deductible is so  high you can't go to the doctor, you don't have the kind of access to  healthcare you need. You only have access to catastrophic sickness  care. This system needs to change, and I believe one of the fundamental  flaws in the system from day one was the government believing it could  force people to purchase a product that didn't meet their needs and  didn't meet what their family could afford to do.   I am glad we are having this debate.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.   