 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for up to 5 minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss what happened in the  Finance Committee today--or what didn't happen in the Finance Committee  today. Two newspapers--one, the Columbus Dispatch, one of Ohio's best  and most conservative newspapers, and the Wall Street Journal, one of  this country's most conservative newspapers--reported that the two  nominees in front of the Senate Finance Committee had lied to the  committee. Treasury Secretary-Designee Mnuchin had lied when asked if  his bank, OneWest, had done robo signings; he said no.   The Columbus Dispatch investigative reporters found, in fact, that  they had done robo signings, and they found that dozens--probably  hundreds, maybe thousands--of Ohioans lost their homes. A woman named  Miss Duncan, who had paid her mortgage month after month, was doing  everything right. She was foreclosed on--not anything of her doing--and  her financial life was turned upside down.   The Wall Street Journal reported that Congressman Price, the designee  for Health and Human Services, had lied about insider information he  had. He had advantages that other investors didn't have in buying  health care stocks as he sat on the health care committee in the House,  as he voted, as he wrote amendments and bills dealing with health care.   These are nominees for agencies--the two most important economic  agencies in the Federal Government, probably, at least in the Cabinet-- who have lied about things that affect people's lives. It is hundreds  of people--thousands, maybe, in my State. We are not even the largest  State on foreclosures caused by OneWest. Thousands, hundreds of  thousands--who knows how many around the country, as he will not tell  us yet--have lost homes because of his and his bank's actions, making  him wealthier, to be sure, but upending people's lives in the cruelest  kind of way when their homes are foreclosed on.   We are saying to Senator Hatch, the chairman of the Finance  Committee: Get some answers here. Find out why these two nominees lied,  and find out what they are going to do to fix it. Find out what they  have in their backgrounds that they haven't disclosed to this  committee.   We have no business voting on nominees before we have that kind of  information. That is the reason that Democratic Senators of the Finance  Committee, led by Ranking Member Wyden, decided not to come to the  committee to vote today--because it is the only way we can get Senator  Hatch to bring those two forward to give us the information and to give  the American public the information they need.   I might add that we probably did President Trump a favor today,  because if these two nominees had been brought forward--and I assume  confirmed, because Republicans are voting for every nominee, it seems,  no matter what; I haven't seen a break from that yet--they may have  come to the floor and have been confirmed, and there likely would have  been a scandal early in the Trump Administration and in the Treasury  Department and Health and Human Services Department--two incredibly  important agencies.   I think that we, perhaps, in some sense, saved President Trump from  himself and the damage that his nominees could do. I don't expect  appreciation or thanks from the White House on this, but I do think  this is an issue that should be taken care of before they head two of  the most important and largest--if not largest, two of the most  important--Federal agencies.   I yield back my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.    Mr. President, the city of Cleveland lost a committed  public servant last week, Officer David Fahey. Officer Fahey dedicated  his career to protecting our community and was tragically killed in the  line of duty in a senseless hit-and-run.   A Navy veteran, Officer Fahey followed in the footsteps of his mother  and his stepfather, both retired Cleveland police officers, and his  brother Chris, an officer who joined the force in 2013.   At a memorial last week, his brother said that Officer Fahey ``loved  this neighborhood; he loved working for this neighborhood and he loved  this city, and he loved working for this city.''   And our city has given his family an outpouring of support.   A crowd of some 200 people gathered outside the First District police  headquarters for a vigil.   Fellow officers from the Cleveland Police Academy's 133rd graduating  class came out to honor their classmate's memory. They prayed together,  calling him their brother, their friend, and their angel.   That spirit of community represents the best in our city that Officer  Fahey loved and served.   Connie and I extend our deepest sympathies to Officer Fahey's family  and fellow officers. We pray that this outpouring of support and  comradery brings them comfort during this difficult time.   We join our fellow Clevelanders in thanking David Fahey for his  service to our community.   