 Mr. President, President Trump said in his inaugural  address that we have defended other nations' borders while refusing to  defend our own. I think he was right. Today, the question is, Will we  add another commitment to defend yet another foreign country?   For decades, NATO has been an organization in which the United States  disproportionately spends our blood and our treasure. The other NATO  countries have largely hitched a ride on a U.S. train that subsidizes  their defenses and allows them to direct their revenues to their own  domestic concerns. In short, Uncle Sam is the Uncle Patsy for the rest  of the world.   The question today is, Will adding to NATO another country with fewer  than 2,000 soldiers be in our self-interest?   It has fewer than 2,000 soldiers and is a small country in a distant  part of the world. Will they make you sleep safer at night? The answer  is an emphatic no.   There is no national security interest that an alliance with  Montenegro will advance. If we invite Montenegro into NATO, it will be  a one-way street, with the United States committing to defending yet  another country and with you, the taxpayer, being stuck with the bill.   Even the advocates of Montenegro's joining NATO admit as much. The  Senate hearing on admitting Montenegro to NATO was really just a  punching session about Russia. Not one word was said about allowing  Montenegro into NATO or how it would advance our own national security.  We were going to send a message to Russia. Even the citizens of  Montenegro are divided on this. About half of them want to be in NATO,  and the other half does not want to be in NATO.   But it is not really about them; it is about us. Is admitting  Montenegro to NATO good for us? Our national security is our national  security. Is Montenegro going to defend the United States? Are they of  any importance to our national security or, perhaps, will they entangle  us in local, historic, regional conflicts in the area?   We must ask: Is Montenegro an asset to the defense of the United  States? That is the question at hand.   The answer is a simple one. Admitting Montenegro to NATO will do  nothing to advance our national security, and it will do everything to  simply add another small country to NATO's welfare wagon.   Advocates for expanding NATO believe that, unless the whole world  joins NATO, Russia will conquer the world, but the truth is more  nuanced. During the Cold War, the myth of Russian might was endlessly  circulated here at home, and the effect was the production of endless  munitions and ever-expanding debt. You are still paying the tab for  that. The Cold War ended, and the Soviet Union failed, not because our  military might overcame them but because our economic system outlasted  them. They were defeated. Capitalism defeated socialism.   If there is one message that Americans should get, it is that  capitalism is stronger than socialism. We should not flirt with  political leaders in our country who promote what caused the Soviet  Union to fail.   Now we are told we must fear Russia again--fear the Russian bear.  Yet, if you look closely, you will see that Russian aggression around  the world and particularly around the former Soviet satellites is an  attempt to mask a weak economy that runs the same risk of overextension  that caused the Soviet Empire to collapse. Russia is weak. Russia is  weak because of corruption, oligarchy, and human rights abuses. If  Russia continues on this path, it may well encounter the same cataclysm  that brought down the Soviet Empire.   Without question, Russia is an adversary, a country that ignores  international norms, does not respect the territorial integrity of its  neighbors. Yet someone must ask: Is it in our national interest to  insist that countries of the former Soviet Union be in NATO?   The debate today is not just about Montenegro. The same cheerleaders  for Montenegro's being in NATO want Ukraine in NATO and want Georgia in  NATO. This is about NATO's expansion in general, and this is a chance  to have a real debate.   If both Ukraine and Georgia were in NATO today, we would be involved  in a world war with Russia. Shouldn't someone speak up? Shouldn't we  have some sort of national debate before we commit our sons and  daughters to war in a faraway land?   One thing is for certain: Russia will always care more about those  lands than we will. Does that make Russian aggression right? Absolutely  not.   Our decision--the decision at hand--is: Are we willing to send our  sons and daughters to fight in border disputes over Montenegro? Most  Americans couldn't find Montenegro on the map. Are you willing to send  your kids there to fight?   That is what this is about, and this is sluffed over. They are going  to forbid amendments. I forced this debate. Nobody wanted to have this  debate. They want to rubberstamp it. They want no debates, and they  want to send your kids to war with no debate. Today, they will pass  this over my objections, but they will allow no amendments. When I  finish this speech, I will ask for an amendment, and it will be denied  because they do not want to debate whether your sons and daughters go  to war. I find that appalling. I am ashamed of a Senate that will not  have a debate and will not have a vote.   From the very beginning, our Republic was founded on a deep suspicion  of entangling alliances. Our Founders wanted to do everything possible  to avoid the endless, chronic wars in Europe. In Europe, for centuries,  Kings from one nation fought their brothers and their cousins in other  nations. This meaningless fratricide continued even into the 20th  century.   The Founding Fathers were emphatic in their desire to avoid endless  war. Washington wrote that our true policy was to steer clear of a  permanent alliance with any portion of the foreign world. Jefferson  echoed this when he famously wrote of peace, commerce, and honest  friendship with all nations and of entangling alliances with none.   Even in modern times, such military heroes as President Eisenhower  opposed intervention in Hungary, even when the naked aggression of the  Soviets was appalling. Eisenhower likely may have had no real  opportunity, though, because the Soviet Union had rolled in with  200,000 troops and 4,000 tanks.   At least part of the decision not to go into Hungary in the fifties  was not for a lack of sympathy for freedom, not for  [[Page S1990]]  a lack of sympathy for self-determination of a country. It was the real  politic decision of a nuclear confrontation with a nuclear Russia.   Fast-forward to today. For 16 years, we have been at war in the  Middle East--16 years. If I had been here, I would have voted for going  after the people who had attacked us on 9/11. Our justified response,  though, has drug on and on. There are people who are fighting in the  war who were not born on  9/11. The Congress voted after 9/11 to go to war. It voted to go after  the people who planned and plotted the attacks on the World Trade  Center. That vote from 15 years ago is used to justify all war that is  everywhere on the planet.   There has been no meaningful debate on the wars we are currently  involved in in the Middle East. We currently fight illegally and  unconstitutionally in the Middle East because your representatives are  afraid to have a public debate. They will stifle debate at all costs,  and they will broker no amendments. They will allow no amendments to  occur.   Our unrestricted, unvoted-upon involvement in war everywhere informed  my opposition to expand NATO. Everyone likes to talk about NATO's  article 5 obligation to come to the defense of any NATO allies that are  attacked. That is in the treaty. If Montenegro is attacked, we will  have to respond, but my concern is that many in Congress believe that  article 5, in saying that we have to defend Montenegro, farms out to an  international body this power to declare war, and they do not think  they have to vote again.   You don't believe me?   They have not voted for 15 years for war, and we are still at war. We  continue to go to new countries for war with no vote. Do you think that  Montenegro will not be attacked and that there will not be a war  without a vote? This is their history. Their history is one of not  obeying the Constitution. David Fromkin puts it this way: ``If it is  now agreed by treaty that an attack on a . . . NATO ally is deemed an  attack on the United States, then it can be argued that the President  is empowered without congressional authorization to send us to war.''    Don't believe me? We have been at war for 15 years. We have been at  war with dozens of new tribes, dozens of new countries, with no votes  on war.   The most important vote a legislator will ever take is whether to go  to war. Yet today we will vote for an automatic war if somebody invades  Montenegro. And mark my words--they won't obey the Constitution. They  will say: We voted to put them in NATO. Article 5 says we have to  defend them.   That is not the law of the land, and we should have to vote in  Congress. But nobody obeys the law. So if you are worried about whether  your kids will be sent to the Balkans or whether your kids will be sent  to Ukraine or Georgia, call your representative and tell them: Stop.   This is the crux of the debate. Congress has abdicated its role in  declaring war. For 16 years, we have been at war in the Middle East  with dozens of different tribes and dozens of countries and yet no  vote. People say: Well, we should fight ISIS. Well, let's vote on it.  Let's declare war or not. But you can't tell me that ISIS has anything  to do with 9/11. They don't. Many of their fighters weren't even born  then.   The authorization for war in Iraq was specific to a specific enemy in  a specific place. So was the authorization after 9/11. The  authorization for war in Afghanistan was specific. It says: necessary  and appropriate force against those who planned, authorized, committed,  or aided the September 11 attacks. It was actually put in the  authorization for force that it was about 9/11. None of what is going  on is about 9/11 anymore. They are not the same people. Some of the  people we are fighting now didn't like those people.   There is a whole confusing set of religious wars that have been going  on for 1,000 years in the Middle East. Yet your representatives will  say: Send me your son, send me your daughter, but we don't have time to  vote on whether it should be a declared war.   This vote is now used to justify a war around the globe, a vote from  9/11--from 15 years ago. It is a lie, and it is a disservice to our  young men and women to have them fight under false pretenses where the  Senators don't seem to have time to have a debate. No active war  anywhere around the globe that the United States is involved with has  been authorized by Congress.   We dropped more bombs the other day in Pakistan. We sent a man right  into Yemen. Raise your hand if you know what the hell is going on in  Yemen and who is fighting whom and who is our enemy. The one we killed  the other day was al-Qaida--probably a bad guy. He was actually  fighting against the Houthis, whom we are also fighting against.   Who are the good guys? Shouldn't we have a debate? Shouldn't we  decide whether we are going to war in Yemen? Should we be giving the  Saudis bombs? They bombed a funeral procession. They killed 150  civilians and 500 people. We just let it go on. We keep giving them  weapons. I have tried to stop selling bombs to the Saudi Arabians, but  the majority up here says: Keep giving them to them. Keep giving them  the weapons, and let them indiscriminately kill whoever the hell they  want.   So NATO--should we expand it? Perhaps what we should do is make it  clear that the NATO treaty is not a blind, open-ended promise to go to  war anywhere, anytime.   Before we go to final passage, I will offer one amendment. This  amendment will be blocked because they do not want debate and because  they will be embarrassed if they have to vote against this amendment.  But realize what this amendment asks. My amendment states that nothing  in the NATO treaty--particularly the article 5 promise to come to the  rescue of anyone attacked--none of this can happen without an official  vote to declare war. So what is my amendment stating? The  Constitution--article I, section 8--says we don't go to war without a  vote and a debate. Do you know what they will do to get around it? I  think we can assume that they are against the Constitution because they  are not going to allow the amendment. How long would it take? It takes  15 minutes to vote around here. I am about done speaking. We could have  one 15-minute vote on an amendment. I would grant back the time if we  would have a vote, but they don't want to debate it because they are  embarrassed that they are sending your sons and daughters to war  without ever debating or voting on it.   This, to me, is a tragedy. It is sad to me. It makes me ashamed of  the body that we will do this. Probably what is worse is then they  clamor to the floor, their mouths agape, ajar, calling other people  traitors, acting as if I care less about your sons and daughters  because I want to have a debate on war before we go to war, preventing  an amendment from happening and then having the gall to come to the  floor and accuse their philosophic opponents of being traitors and  being allies with the Russians.   Is this what we have come to? Is this where we are as America, that  you can't take a principled stand against war; that you can't stand up  on principle and say: Are we really going to go to war over Montenegro,  over Ukraine? Are we really going to go to war over Georgia? And then  you are accused of not being patriotic to your country.   I care as much as anybody about our soldiers. When I talk to our  young men and women who serve, do you know what they tell me? They want  someone to stand up and have a debate. They will do what they are told.  Our soldiers are brave, and they will go where they are told, and they  will obey orders. But the people here who are these mouthpieces for  war, who think every soldier wants to go to war, I suggest they go out  and meet the soldiers and ask them whether they want the civilian  Senators to debate and have a formal declaration of war. That is all I  am asking for--15 minutes and an amendment that says we will obey the  Constitution.   If article 5 says we need to go to war and Montenegro is attacked, we  will do the proper thing. We will come to the floor of the Senate. We  are not sending troops to Montenegro without a vote on the floor of the  Senate. Is that too much to ask for? We will see.   Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 199 that says we should  obey the Constitution and that we should declare war before we go to  war.    Mr. President, it is important to know what just happened.  We closed off the debate, and as far as a filibuster goes, we are  having a debate and a vote. What they wanted was a rubberstamp and an  easy passage without debate. We are having a bit of a debate, and that  is good. Unfortunately, we will not be allowed to amend the bill.   My amendment is germane to the bill. It has to do with what article 5  means in the treaty we are signing. What it says is that we will not  necessarily take article 5 to mean that we are going to war, that we  would do the constitutional duty, and that is to vote about whether we  go to war. So the amendment is very clear that we would obey the  Constitution.   By blocking the vote, we have to realize that those blocking the vote  have decided that really it should be automatic, that your sons and  daughters will be sent to war automatically without a vote, without a  declaration of war. You say: Well, maybe they don't mean that. Maybe  they would obey the Constitution.   They don't now. So everything in evidence shows us that the chance  that in the future they will obey the Constitution is about zero. But  so ashamed are they of the fact that we will fight more wars without a  declaration, without a vote--they won't allow a vote on the amendment  because they would be voting against the Constitution. So, instead,  they will block the amendment.   That is essentially what this debate is about: Are we automatically  obligated to go to war without a vote by Congress? That is what the  vote is about. It is incredibly germane. It goes to the heart of the  bill. It goes to the heart of the NATO treaty. Does article 5 mean you  automatically go to war, or would you go through the normal processes  of going to war? Now, some will say: Oh, well, we would never go to  war. It might not be so bad, but it would be difficult.   Do you know when we have gone to war? We have actually gone  unanimously when we have done it the right way. When we were attacked  on 9/11 and they came to Congress, do you know what the vote was?  Unanimous. We are not about letting people attack us as a country, and  I would have voted for that.   When we were attacked in Pearl Harbor, what did FDR do? The thing  that great leaders would do--and I am not a huge fan always of FDR, but  he did the right thing. He came to Congress the next day. I think it  was on December 8 that they voted unanimously to go to war. That is the  way it was done once upon a time.   When you are attacked, people do rally to the country and they rally  to the flag, but we shouldn't have an automatic stamp that says: We are  going to war anywhere without any restraint, without any control or  separation of power.   So I object strenuously to this, and I wish we were more open in this  body and in our country to a debate about when we are going to go to  war.   