 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I want to cover two topics. There is so  much to cover between now and the end of the year, but I want to focus  today on two issues. One is the Children's Health Insurance Program,  and the second is the so-called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals,  the so-called DACA Program, and in particular the individuals affected  by this policy, the Dreamers. I will start with that issue.   The Dreamers, of course, are something on the order of 800,000 young  people who were promised that if they came forward and made  disclosures, their government would protect them. That is the basic  promise that our government made. This is a significant moment in their  lives and in the life of the Nation as to whether we are going to keep  what I would argue is a sacred promise to 800,000 young people and in  my home State of Pennsylvania, at last count, thousands, as many as  5,900, approximately.   In this case, we are talking about this issue because a promise was  made, and then in the transition from one administration to the other,  a different approach was taken. In September, President Trump decided  to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program. This  announcement required those whose DACA waivers would expire within 6  months to submit a renewal application in just 1 month--not a lot of  time to get that done.   Unfortunately, many DACA recipients were unable to meet this short  deadline, and others who managed to get their applications in time were  still rejected due to postal delays--not because of something that  young person did but due to postal delays. While the administration has  said these individuals may be able to resubmit, many are immediately at  risk of deportation.   Just imagine that. In fact, it is impossible for me to imagine it,  and maybe it is impossible for anyone in this building to imagine that  you are an individual who came forward because of this program, because  of a promise your government made to you that you would be protected if  you came forward. You came forward after years of living in this  country--many years wouldn't add up to a long life because these  individuals are obviously very young. Some of them came when they were  just a couple years old or a couple of months old, and they know no  other country. In fact, one individual whom I met with around a big  conference table of about 15 to 20 DACA recipients said to me in this  meeting a couple of months ago, she said: The only country that I know,  doesn't want us. That was her assessment of what the ending of this  program should mean to her.   So that is what they are at risk of. They are not just at risk of  some theoretical consequence. They are literally at risk of deportation  after living here all these years and not knowing any other country  because of their circumstances.   It is estimated that 12,000 DACA recipients have already lost their  protection--12,000 young people--and that number will grow to some  20,000 by March. Why would our country break a promise to 12,000  individuals and then 20,000 and then potentially much, much higher  numbers? So we can't wait one more day, in my judgment, to help these  Dreamers.   Dreamers across Pennsylvania and the Nation already are living in  fear and feeling the consequences of this horrific decision.   ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, has already picked up a  young Dreamer during a routine traffic stop whose DACA waiver had  expired. This Dreamer had been waiting to reapply for protection after  his initial application was rejected due to--I will say it again-- postal delays. While the administration has said they would allow these  applications that were rejected due to postal delays the chance to  reapply, the administration has been silent on what these individuals  should do in the interim. For many Dreamers, this means they must  choose between risking deportation and continuing to work and provide  for their children and their families, depending on the circumstance.   These Dreamers have done everything right, and their applications  were rejected, not due to any action they did not take, but they were  rejected for other reasons--due to a failure of our government. Yet,  now, they are paying the price.   Risking ICE detention and deportation to countries within which they  have never lived as adults is totally contrary to our values. Dreamers  are young people who have lived in this country since they were  children. They are law-abiding residents who have learned English, paid  taxes, gone to school, secured jobs that support themselves and their  families.   This program has enabled almost 800,000 young people to grow and  thrive in America. These impressive young people provide enormous  contributions to our society, including paying an estimated $2 billion  every year in State and local taxes. The economic loss to Pennsylvania  is estimated to be in the hundreds of millions. To be exact, by one  estimate, it is a $357.1 million loss to the State's GDP. How about the  Nation overall? By one estimate, if this were to go forward and these  young people were to be deported in the numbers some are talking about,  it is a national number that is in the hundreds of billions of  dollars--by one estimate, north of $400 billion. That is the impact.   So we have to get this done one way or the other. It would be a  terrible failure of our government; worse than that, it would be an  insult to our country, and it would be breaking a sacred promise.   