 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose this deeply flawed  budget that is terrible for America and particularly harmful to working  families.   The Republican plan that we face today is a budget-busting first step  toward issuing massive tax breaks to special interests and to wealthy  individuals. This proposed budget fails to improve economic growth or  to drive up wages. It should look awfully familiar to all of us because  it is a retread of the failed trickle-down economics which exploded  budget deficits in the 1980s and squandered the budget surplus we had  briefly in the early 2000s. That trickle-down theory ruined our budget  and failed to grow the economy then, and we cannot afford to relive  those failed policies now.    Our Nation faces significant economic challenges today that need to  be addressed directly. Wages have barely improved in the past 20 years;  the costs of education, childcare, and other essential living expenses  continue to climb.   Job creation is slowing. From February through September of this  year, the economy added the lowest number of jobs in 7 years. Wages are  also falling this year. Since the Trump administration took over, 39  States and the District of Columbia have seen workers' wages decline,  after adjusting for inflation. Nearly 4 in 10 rural families don't have  access to high-speed internet and the opportunities it affords.   We all know many of the communities we represent, in both rural and  urban areas, still have not fully recovered from the great recession.  Yet this budget only makes life harder for working families by cutting  vital programs and critical services that invest directly in those  communities. The Republican budget ignores our current reality and  makes it tougher for American families to afford a college education or  access quality healthcare coverage. As we saw through last week's  executive actions, the Trump administration remains singularly focused  on taking away healthcare from 20 million Americans and sabotaging the  system for those left. This proposed budget would take us deeper down  that destructive path.   The Republican 2018 budget cuts more than $5 trillion over the next  decade in healthcare, education, transportation, medical research, and  other critical investments. It slashes Medicaid by $1 trillion and  Medicare by more than $470 billion. When they are done, these budget- busting tax giveaways will leave other Federal efforts with a gaping  $660 billion hole, bringing our domestic Federal investments as a share  of our Nation's GDP to the lowest levels since the Hoover  administration.   If you are at home listening, all of that sounds pretty unbelievable.  Washington Republicans wouldn't really jeopardize our Nation's  healthcare, our educational system, our rural communities, and bust the  budget all at the same time, right? Unfortunately, all of that is true  when we look at the details of this failing budget. Again, this is all  based on a brazen theory that led to the failed and harmful tax  policies of the past.   The real question we should be asking now is, How do we improve our  communities, grow our economy, and drive up wages for hard-working  families? That is what I am focused on when I look at the budget.   Republicans believe step one should be to take funds out of Medicare,  out of education, out of infrastructure, and pull healthcare away from  the working poor. Then step two of their plan is to give all that money  to wealthy political interests under the ruse that regular people,  someday, will be better off because America's elite investing class  will have done something spectacular with the money we just sucked out  of our communities.   It is truly amazing that this idea continues to resurface because the  promise of wild economic growth and trickle-down benefits has failed to  materialize time and time again. What we have found is, working  families, rural communities, and others who are robbed to finance this  type of plan are the ones who suffer, all to put money into other  people's pockets.   Who exactly loses in this budget? For starters, senior citizens, who  will see Medicare cut $470 billion, to be exact. Let me say that again.  This Republican budget cuts Medicare to the tune of nearly half a  trillion dollars.   Children, working families, and people in need of opioid treatment  will be pounded by Medicaid cuts of more than $1 trillion. Medicaid  cuts will lead to millions losing their coverage. They will unravel the  progress we have made fighting the opioid epidemic, jeopardize mental  health coverage, and force many rural hospitals to close.   The hit will be especially hard in rural areas, where more than 12  percent of rural hospital revenue comes from Medicaid. In New Mexico,  Medicaid actually accounts for more than 20 percent of hospital revenue  in rural areas.   For seniors, the Medicare and Medicaid cuts together will have  devastating consequences. Let's look at one example, Alzheimer's  disease. Medicare and Medicaid together pay for nearly 70 percent of  care for those 65 and older with Alzheimer's. These deep cuts will  force families to make a terrible choice between working and caring for  their family members. Already, 15 percent of caregivers to someone with  Alzheimer's have left their jobs or retired early in the past year due  to their caregiving responsibilities. Cutting Medicare and Medicaid,  when Alzheimer's costs are getting higher and no cure is in sight, will  saddle individuals and their families with massive costs and hardship.   The devastation this budget will create does not stop there. More  than 8 million students will see their Pell grants cut by one-third.  That is right. Republicans want to cut investments in education so they  can give special interests a tax break. These are Americans who are  striving for a college degree, who just want a fair shot at opportunity  without being crushed by debt. Pell grants are the primary form of  financial aid for so many students, giving them access to an education  that might otherwise be out of reach.   This chart pretty much sums up what I have been saying about the  priorities reflected in this budget: tax cuts over investments in  things like Medicare, Medicaid, education. The picture is pretty clear.  They are taking direct investments away from our people and our  communities and instead giving those dollars away as part of a  convoluted plan that leaves the wealthy better off.   What is more amazing about this plan is that Republicans have changed  budget rules to allow them to add $1.5 trillion to the debt while doing  it. For many years, the Conrad rule in the Senate specifically  prohibited reconciliation legislation from increasing the deficit in  the first 10 years. It was what reconciliation bills were designed to  do--reduce the deficit. Then, Republicans repealed that rule in 2015  and  [[Page S6435]]  threw any illusion of fiscal responsibility out the window.   Remember when Republicans believed in fiscal responsibility and  balanced budgets? Under President Trump, Republicans barely give these  values lip service--and this year's budget goes even further than  before to reject fiscal reason. It removes a Senate requirement for the  CBO--the Congressional Budget Office--to issue a cost estimate a day  ahead of votes on the Senate floor, the so-called 28-hour rule. Why?  Because they want to hide how fiscally irresponsible these votes are  from their constituents and the American people.   Finally, the Republican budget assumes far faster growth than the CBO  could possibly justify under even the rosiest assumptions. This  backward math says that their budget magically delivers $1.24 trillion  in deficit reduction. According to the Tax Policy Center, the  Republican tax plan will reduce revenues by $2.4 trillion over the  first 10 years and another $3.2 trillion over the next 10 years. The  actual cost far exceeds the Republican estimates.   Where do all the tax cuts go? Most of them go to wealthy folks who  are doing just fine without them. We don't need to be doling out tax  breaks to wealthy trust-funders when families in Las Cruces, Gallup,  and Santa Rosa are struggling to make ends meet, don't have high-speed  internet, and haven't gotten a raise in years, in some cases.   Under this Republican plan, the top 0.1 percent will receive a tax  cut of more than $700,000 a year. It would take a typical household in  my State nearly 15 years--15 years of work and earning--just to match  the giveaway being provided to a single wealthy investor under this  budget. That is not just wrong, it is downright sickening.   Part of this massive benefit to the rich comes from the creation of a  special rate for passthrough income of 25 percent. This plan is  designed to help large law firms and hedge funds that, in my mind,  don't need a special tax break to further enrich themselves. Millions  of working families will actually face higher taxes as a result. Under  the Republican tax plan, nearly 8 million working households will  actually see an average tax hike of $794. Now, $800 may not seem like a  lot if you are working on Wall Street, but $800 is a lot for people  working hard on relatively modest incomes in New Mexico.   Unfortunately, as I said earlier, we have seen this movie before. We  don't need another bad sequel.   This Republican plan delivers higher deficits and fewer community  investments. Tax cuts in 1981 and the early 2000s led to less revenue  as a share of GDP and higher deficits. The national debt nearly tripled  under President Reagan and nearly doubled under President George W.  Bush.   We have also seen the dangers of reckless tax cuts for the wealthy at  the State level. In Kansas, Republicans slashed individual rates by  more than 20 percent and abolished taxes on passthrough income. Sound  familiar? Since the tax cuts were enacted in 2012, the State's revenue  plummeted, and Kansas has buckled under an economy that has trailed the  United States in job, wage, and economic growth.   A recent study found that for tax cuts to pay for themselves, the  economy would have to grow $5 to $6 for every single dollar of cuts.  Yet the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation found that tax cuts  generate nowhere near that amount. According to them, each dollar of  tax cuts would lead to only 4 cents to, at best, $1.25 in new economic  activity.   The evidence is clear. Large tax cuts for special interests and for  the rich simply don't pay for themselves. As we have seen, time and  time again, trickle down only works in fake, so-called think tank  models, not in real life.   Rather than rely on disproven theories, we should be investing in  what we know actually works in increasing wages and accelerating  economic growth. Expanding the earned-income tax credit, for example,  has proven to be effective at increasing the living standards of  working families. It effectively raises their wages. Let's strengthen  and make fully refundable the child tax credit.   Instead of slashing infrastructure spending, as this budget does, we  should be investing to prepare our Nation to compete. Investing in  infrastructure is proven to create good-paying jobs and stimulate our  overall economy. President Trump talked about infrastructure investment  incessantly on the campaign trail. Where is that rhetoric today? Where  is that commitment today? Sending kids to high-quality pre-K is shown  to improve both theirs and, for that matter, their parents' economic  outcomes.   We need to invest in clean energy because it is cheaper, because it  is good for the economy, and because all of our future livelihoods  depend on addressing climate change. The renewable energy sector is a  place where jobs are growing rapidly in New Mexico--and not just in  urban metro areas but especially in rural communities.   We need to invest in Federal research and development that has led to  the internet, to the GPS, to the laser, and to lifesaving medical  breakthroughs. We must ensure that startups can access the capital they  need to launch and grow their businesses, whether they are in rural New  Mexico or downtown Detroit. We need to close the digital divide so that  every person in America, regardless of ZIP Code, has access to high- speed internet that connects people and communities to financial and  educational opportunities.    Democrats have a plan to grow the economy, to increase wages, and to  improve the lives of folks who work on Main Streets across this  country. Our plan connects people with the opportunities that will  exist tomorrow.   The Republican plan is very different. It is written by the lobbyists  on K Street, with much of the benefit flowing to the investment bankers  on Wall Street. Regrettably, Republicans are pursuing the same partisan  process with the budget and with tax reform that failed when they tried  to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   The cost of Republican chaos and backward thinking is growing by the  day, and this budget will continue that process. We need bipartisan,  pragmatic solutions to the challenges that our country faces.   To all of my colleagues, we are asking simply to do what we know  works. Let's work across the aisle through regular order to get things  done for our constituents.   Mr. President, I yield back.   