 Mr. President, I will yield the floor if the Democratic  leader arrives, but until his arrival, I would like to do two things-- first, join in the comments made by the majority leader, Senator  McConnell, relative to the Holocaust remembrance.   This is the day on which we gather in the Rotunda each year to  remember the atrocities of World War II, which includes remembering the  Holocaust victims, so many who were Jewish people as well as Polish  people--the list goes on and on--as well as those who were gay and  gypsies. This was an ethnic cleansing--the worst ever seen in the  history of this world. We remember it on this day, as we should.   Mr. President, on a separate issue, before us now is the nomination  of Rod Rosenstein to be the Deputy Attorney General of the United  States.   The Deputy Attorney General oversees the day-to-day operations of the  Department of Justice. In any circumstance, this is an important  position that requires a nominee with experience, independence,  management skills, and good judgment, which is especially true today.   Many of us questioned whether Attorney General Sessions was the right  person to be the chief law enforcement officer of the United States of  America at this moment in history. Unfortunately, many of the actions  of the new Attorney General, since he was confirmed, have not erased  these concerns. The Attorney General has already begun making dramatic  changes at the Justice Department, including on critical issues like  criminal justice, civil rights, immigration, and funding for crime  prevention.   Just last week, Attorney General Sessions disparaged a Federal judge  from Hawaii who issued an order blocking the Trump administration's  Muslim travel ban.   Attorney General Sessions said: ``I really am amazed that a judge  sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the  President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his  statutory and constitutional power.''   Senator Mazie Hirono, my colleague on the Senate Judiciary Committee  and the junior Senator from Hawaii, pointed out that Hawaii was granted  statehood in 1959 and called the Attorney General's comments  ``insulting and prejudiced.''   Also, last week, Attorney General Sessions called into question the  status of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, also  known as DACA. When asked about DACA, Attorney General Sessions said:  ``We can't promise people who are here unlawfully that they're not  going to be deported.''   That is exactly what DACA is. It is a commitment to young people who  were brought to the United States as children and grew up in our  country that they will be protected from deportation on a temporary  renewable basis. Attorney General Sessions' statement is contrary to  his own administration's policy as established by President Trump and  Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who have primary responsibility  for immigration enforcement.   The last confirmed nominee for Deputy Attorney General was Sally  Yates, a veteran prosecutor and U.S. attorney from Georgia. Ms. Yates  displayed sound judgment as Deputy Attorney General, and she was  unafraid to speak truth to power.   Ms. Yates became the Acting Attorney General at the end of the Obama  administration, and when President Trump signed his unconstitutional  Muslim ban Executive order on January 27, Sally Yates told the White  House she could not defend the order in court because she was not  convinced it was lawful. Ms. Yates was then fired by President Trump  for disagreeing with him. However, multiple Federal courts agreed with  Ms. Yates' position and blocked this unconstitutional Executive order.  Time and history have proven Ms. Yates correct.   We need a Deputy Attorney General like Sally Yates, who is highly  competent and has the independence to say no to the President and to  the Attorney General when necessary.   Rod Rosenstein has served as the U.S. Attorney for the District of  Maryland since 2005 under both Democratic and Republican Presidents. I  do not question his experience or his competence. As a member of the  Senate Judiciary Committee, I looked closely at his nomination. I asked  him many questions in the hearing. I sent some followup letters, and I  appreciate that he has been forthcoming in his responses.   Mr. Rosenstein has pledged to be an independent voice and has  committed that he will not recommend any changes in Justice Department  policies until he evaluates them, discusses them with appropriate  officials, and determines that changes are warranted.   I expect he will be confirmed. Upon confirmation, Mr. Rosenstein will  immediately be tasked with responsibility over critically important  issues over which he will need to display both sound judgment and  independence. Four come to mind.   First is the ongoing investigation into Russia's efforts to interfere  with the 2016 Presidential election to help the Trump campaign. What  Russia did in our election last year was a cyber act of war against our  democracy. It is imperative that we get to the bottom of what happened  and make sure it never happens again. I have called for an independent,  bipartisan investigation into Russia's election interference. The  Republican majority of the House and Senate have resisted this call.   Instead, Republicans in Congress have referred this matter to the  Intelligence Committees of both Houses, perhaps hoping it will fade  away behind closed doors. I hope the Intelligence Committees will step  up and conduct an investigation that is worthy of the importance of  this issue, but when it comes to potential criminal acts involving  Russia's election interference, the responsibility to investigate falls  solely on the Justice Department.   Attorney General Sessions has had to recuse himself from the  investigation because of his work for the Trump campaign and his  failure to disclose his contacts with Russian officials last year. That  means the Deputy Attorney General now has the responsibility over this  investigation.   It will be incumbent on Mr. Rosenstein to ensure this investigation  is conducted with independence, diligence, and integrity. I believe  that appointing a special counsel is the best way to ensure this. I  hope he will make that appointment. If Mr. Rosenstein does not appoint  a special counsel, the spotlight will be on him personally to make sure  the investigation is conducted properly, no matter where it leads. I  hope he exercises good judgment. This investigation is too important to  get wrong.   The second issue that will require independence and good judgment  from the Deputy Attorney General is the Justice Department's threat to  withhold Federal funding to prevent violence across America, including  in the city of Chicago.   The Trump administration's message has been confusing, to say the  least, when it comes to Federal efforts to prevent violence. On the one  hand, President Trump, in the middle of the night, tweets ``Chicago  needs help,'' and ``Send in the Feds,'' but then the administration  threatens to cut off critical funding for violence prevention under  programs like Byrne JAG unless cities agree to turn their local police  departments into deportation forces.   It is pretty obvious that cutting off Federal violence prevention  funding will hurt the cause of violence prevention. Do not take my word  for it. Ask any law enforcement leader.   Listen to what the International Association of Chiefs of Police  said: ``Penalizing communities by withholding assistance funding to law  enforcement  [[Page S2501]]  agencies and other critical programs is counterproductive to our shared  mission of reducing violent crime and keeping communities safe.''   It is no secret that the Attorney General is fixated on immigration,  but we need the Deputy Attorney General to ensure that this fixation  does not undermine the important ways that the Justice Department and  local law enforcement cooperate to reduce violent crime.   This administration cannot call itself a law-and-order administration  and then do something like cut the funds for violence prevention when  police chiefs across America say that is just wrong.   The third area of critical importance is criminal justice policy.  Today, our Federal prisons are 30 percent over capacity, and runaway  prison expenditures are undermining important public safety priorities  like crime prevention, drug courts, and addiction treatment.   The largest increase in the Federal prison population has been  nonviolent drug offenders who are then separated from their families  for years on end as a result of inflexible mandatory minimum sentences.  This has a destructive effect on communities and erodes faith in  America in our criminal justice system.   Congress needs to pass legislation to reform our Federal drug  sentencing laws, but the Justice Department's policies for nonviolent  drug offenses also can help.   Under the Obama administration, the Smart on Crime Initiative  directed Federal prosecutors to reserve stiff mandatory minimum  sentences for individuals convicted of serious offenses. This  initiative has been very effective in focusing the Department's limited  resources on the worst offenders and ensuring that people convicted of  low-level, nonviolent offenses are not subjected to these same  mandatory minimum penalties.   Attorney General Sessions has signaled that he wants to eliminate the  Smart on Crime Initiative, and certainly those of us who listened to  his opposition to criminal sentencing reform are not surprised. But, as  Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein will chair the Task Force on  Crime Reduction and Public Safety that has been established by the  President. This gives him an important voice. I hope he will work to  ensure that the Department's charging policy reserves stiff mandatory  sentences for only serious violent offenders.   Mr. Rosenstein would also be responsible for determining the fate of  the Justice Department's efforts to work constructively with State and  local law enforcement to protect civil rights and improve community and  police relations. In particular, Mr. Rosenstein should continue  negotiations to pursue police reform in Chicago, backed up by an  enforceable consent decree. The former U.S. attorney in Chicago, Zach  Fardon, felt strongly that a consent decree was needed to correct the  systemic problems we face. Mr. Rosenstein has shown more openness to  using consent decrees than Attorney General Sessions, who has an  ideological personal hostility toward them. I hope Mr. Rosenstein will  look carefully at this issue in Chicago and respect the judgment of Mr.  Fardon and the career DOJ professionals who spent over a year  investigating this matter.   Mr. Rosenstein also will be responsible for reining in the Attorney  General's worst instincts on immigration. It is no surprise to any  Member of this Chamber that when the issue of immigration came to the  floor, the leading opponent on immigration reform was Senator Sessions  of Alabama. I believe he offered 100 amendments to the immigration  reform bill that passed the U.S. Senate. He has spoken out over and  over again about his opposition to immigration reform.   The Attorney General has already directed Federal prosecutors across  the country to make immigration cases a higher priority and look for  opportunities to bring serious felony charges against those who cross  the border without authorization. Federal prosecutors understand this  is not the right approach. Listen to Paul Charlton, the U.S. attorney  for Arizona under the Bush administration. According to him, this new  directive will overburden the Federal courts already struggling to  handle the volume of immigration cases. He said: ``Prosecution and  incarceration do not adequately address the real need, which is a  reform of the immigration laws.''   Let me conclude. I see the Democratic leader on the floor.   There are a number of critical issues that will require sound  judgment and leadership from the next Deputy Attorney General. I hope  Mr. Rosenstein will approach these issues with the professionalism and  integrity that have earned him bipartisan praise as U.S. Attorney in  Maryland. I hope he will be willing to speak truth to power and to  stand up to the President and the Attorney General if necessary.   I will support Mr. Rosenstein's nomination. I hope we can work  together constructively on the important matters facing the Department  of Justice.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to thank my colleague for her first  speech. The first speech given on the floor of the Senate is a  memorable occasion for not only my colleague but for the staff,  friends, and family who have followed this amazing story of Tammy  Duckworth, a U.S. Senator from Illinois. She didn't disappoint with  this first speech.   If there was ever an inspirational speech speaking to who we are as a  nation and what we can be, she encapsulated it in her comments on the  floor of the U.S. Senate. It was an aspirational speech, too--a  challenge to all of us to do a better job for this Nation, to make it  stronger and to represent more effectively the people who have sent us  here to serve them.   She brings a special quality to the service that very few have been  able to bring to the U.S. Senate. I first met MAJ Tammy Duckworth 12  years ago when she was my guest at the State of the Union Address just  weeks after her helicopter had been shot down over Iraq. I was amazed  by her tenacity, her courage, her good humor. I thought to myself, this  woman has really made history. I think she can even make more history,  and she has, being elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as well  as the U.S. Senate, an opportunity that fewer than 2,000 Americans have  had in our Nation's history.   I think back on what she brings to the Senate, and it is something  that is special and extraordinary. To come to this Senate after her  service in the military is to follow in the path of Senator Bob Dole, a  disabled veteran from  [[Page S2510]]  World War II, who led the Republican side of the aisle; Senator Daniel  Inouye, a personal friend to both Senator Duckworth and me, who served  in World War II; Senator Paul Douglas of Illinois, who served as well;  Strom Thurmond, from South Carolina, a Republican; and more recently,  Max Cleland, a Vietnam veteran; Bob Kerrey, John Kerry--the list goes  on and on, the great people who have served our Nation in the military  and then came to serve in the Senate.   One of the points she made in that speech was one of the reasons I  supported her so wholeheartedly. When we face the most difficult,  trying, and challenging votes in a Senate career, the vote to go to  war, having the voice of Tammy Duckworth on the floor is a reminder of  the real cost of war and how we should avoid it at any cost, if we can,  and what we are asking our men and women in America to do if we send  them off to war. She will have more credibility, will have more  confidence in her judgment, than virtually any colleague on the floor  of the U.S. Senate. So she is going to play a special role.   Finally, let me say, in a short period of time serving as a U.S.  Senator from the State of Illinois, she has shown that she is not going  to be taking it easy. She has covered our State from one end to the  other, most recently during the Easter recess, with town meetings and  meetings with all sorts of people across our State, leaving a positive  impression of her commitment to public service.   When I saw her and her mom and her little daughter Abigail get on the  plane just the other day, yesterday, to come out here, I realized it is  a family commitment which includes all of her family and her husband  Bryan. They are committed to this country, they are committed to our  great State, and we are fortunate to have her service.   Mr. President, I congratulate my colleague.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   