 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the  nomination of Scott Pruitt for Administrator of the Environmental  Protection Agency.   Attorney General Pruitt has a distinguished record of public service  in having served for 8 years in the Oklahoma State Senate before being  sworn in as the attorney general of Oklahoma in 2010. Two dozen State  attorneys general wrote to the Senate Committee on Environment and  Public Works in support of Mr. Pruitt's nomination. He has been  endorsed by a wide variety of organizations representing a broad swath  of America culture and industry, including the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, the National Association of Home Builders, the American Farm  Bureau Federation, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, the  Western Energy Alliance, and the Western Growers Association, just to  name a few.   In his capacity as State attorney general, Mr. Pruitt has  consistently fought against Federal intrusion on State and individual  liberties, and he has shown himself to be a thoughtful attorney who is  dedicated to the Constitution and to the rule of law. The  [[Page S1381]]  next Administrator of the EPA must respect the limits of Federal power.  Few know these limits better than Mr. Pruitt, which is why I believe he  will be a capable leader at the EPA.   Mr. Pruitt will rein in Federal overreach and put a stop to many of  the overbearing regulations that have done very little to protect the  environment but much to hurt businesses, large and small.   Modernization of the Environmental Protection Agency is long overdue.  For too long, the Agency has acted outside its legal authority. For too  long, the Agency has strayed from its core mission of protecting human  health and the environment. For too long, it has imposed draconian  regulations that cause undue harm to America's small businesses and  rural communities.   I have long held that the EPA can fulfill its vitally important  mission of protecting the environment without causing unnecessary harm  to the economy, but to achieve this objective will require a massive  culture change at the Agency--a culture change that only Mr. Pruitt can  bring.   Mr. Pruitt wants an EPA that is both pro-environment and pro-growth.  What is wrong with that? That is long overdue. He understands that  protecting our lands and helping our businesses succeed is not a zero- sum game. With Mr. Pruitt at the helm, I am confident he will bring  much needed change to the EPA and restore the public's trust in the  Agency.   Once confirmed, I am eager to work with Mr. Pruitt to discuss how we  can best protect our air and our water and how we can best modernize  the EPA.   It is amazing to me that some of the greatest leaders in the  bureaucracy over the years have been people who have worked in the  fields that really constitute what we are talking about here today.  They have surprised people by making sure that both sides have really  been taken care of and that the laws are faithfully executed and some  of the partisanship and biased approaches toward the environment are  overcome.   Mr. Pruitt is capable of doing that--a brilliant man with a brilliant  record. He is supported by an awful lot of attorneys general in this  country. He is a person who, if liberally given the chance, might be  able to help turn around some of the things that are just plain wrong  at the EPA.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.   