 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3229, which will extend for 10  years the soon expiring authority for Federal judges and judicial  officers to redact from financial disclosure forms sensitive personal  information that, if revealed, could compromise their safety and  security.   An independent judiciary that is free of coercion is fundamental to  our constitutional democracy, fundamental to  [[Page H7550]]  the principle of liberty and justice for all, and fundamental to the  principle of equal protection under the law. Unfortunately, in this  country, there are some who seek to compromise the integrity of the  judicial branch through threats, harm, and harassment.   According to the U.S. Marshals Service, in fiscal year 2017, there  has been an increase in every major recorded statistical category  regarding the targeting of members of the Federal bench and judiciary  employees. Failure to extend this authority will create grave security  risks to judges, judiciary employees, and their families.   Each year, only a very small percentage of the financial disclosure  reports filed contain an approved redaction of information. Redaction  only occurs if there is a clear nexus between a security risk and the  information for which redaction is sought.   Federal judges and other employees of the judicial branch routinely  interact with disgruntled litigants or dangerous defendants and others  who may seek to do them harm.   For example, in 2016, a disgruntled defendant was convicted of a  diabolical plot to kidnap, torture, and murder U.S. District Judge  Andrew J. Guilford, who presided over that defendant's wire fraud  conviction.   In March of this year, the FBI reported that U.S. District Judge  Derek Watson, who issued a temporary retaining order against the  President's travel ban, has subsequently been the target of repeated  violent threats.   In April, Jason Springer, an ISIS sympathizer, was indicted on a  charge of threatening to murder U.S. District Judge Elizabeth  Kovachevich by flying an explosive drone into her window.   The need to extend the redaction authority is a time-sensitive  security matter, and I thank Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member  Conyers, Subcommittee Chairman Issa, and Ranking Member Nadler of the  subcommittee, for their leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Nadler), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on the Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet.    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 14 minutes  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a distinguished champion  of safety of Federal judges.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from New  York for a very thoughtful and, really, a crucial element to justice.   Allow me to acknowledge Mr. Jeffries for his leadership, Mr. Conyers  and Mr. Goodlatte for working in a bipartisan manner, and the manager  of the bill for his support, and indicate that this has evidence that  we wish we did not have to see or could not document.   I know that in my own State just a couple of years ago, the Federal  judge in San Antonio was attacked and, in my recollection, lost his  life. So we realize that justice requires us to eliminate impediments  of fear and danger that may come to the Federal judiciary.   This thoughtful legislation to redact addresses and other personal  information from financial disclosure forms of all of the judiciary,  magistrates, and appeals courts, district courts, obviously, and the  Supreme Court, is crucial for the courts that represent the third  branch of government and really represent a need of the kind of  stovepipe to allow them to render justice.   So on the financial disclosure forms, they are important for  transparency, but I want to acknowledge that, unfortunately, there are  individuals who would take out their disgust or contempt for the  Federal Government and take that contempt out on the courts.   For that reason and for the reason that it has been reported that  there are terrorist cells in every State, that we don't know from where  that threat will come, and the fact that we have this very important  bill, I want to congratulate the author of the bill. I hope that we  will pass this bill as quickly as possible, which protects our Federal  judiciary by allowing their personal information and that of their  family members to be redacted because justice has to be kept safe and  secure.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   