 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose the amendment offered  by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), my friend.   Her amendment would sunset the very modest, yet necessary and  appropriate, authority that we are seeking to grant Federal probation  officers today. No valid reason has been given for the need to sunset  this provision. In fact, ample evidence is available showing why  probation officers need this authority to perform their duties safely  and effectively.   Just last year, over one-third of the safety-related incidents  reported by Federal probation and pretrial staff involved third parties  encountered by officers while performing their official duties.   For example, during an unannounced home visit to an apartment by  officers, as they approached the apartment, two unidentified subjects  entered the hall from another unit. Officers knocked on the resident's  door and there was no answer. One third party stated: ``Hey, five-oh,  who are you looking for?'' And they began approaching the officers in a  menacing manner.   One of the third parties pulled out a cell phone and started  videoing, yelling obscenities, and making other statements to the  officers. Another individual, in response to the commotion, entered the  hallway possessing a knife and drew it as he moved toward the officers.   These types of threats, Mr. Speaker, are very real and very dangerous  to the brave men and women who serve the criminal justice system as  Federal probation officers. The types of threats that exist today will  continue to exist in 2\1/2\ years when the gentlewoman's amendment  would sunset the proposed arrest authority.   I want to make one thing very clear, Mr. Speaker. The bill before us  today does not create a new Federal crime. It is already a Federal  crime to assault, resist, oppose, impede, intimidate, or interfere with  a Federal probation officer for which an individual can be placed under  arrest. The only thing the bill today does is say that probation  officers can make that arrest.   And why shouldn't they be able to make that arrest?   Probation officers have a unique role in our criminal justice system,  balancing the skills of a law enforcement officer with the skills of a  social worker. In addition to the 6 weeks of initial training, Federal  probation officers are required to complete at least 40 hours of  continuing education and training annually.   I don't think it is a radical idea to suggest that Federal law  enforcement officers should be able to arrest someone who commits a  Federal crime by interfering with the duties being performed by that  officer.   Let them do their part in keeping the public safe. Let them do their  jobs safely. Let them do their jobs effectively.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, there is no Fourth Amendment violation,  the bill makes no reference whatsoever to the issue of searches, and  there is no objection to the gentlewoman's request for a study. But  there continues to be, and needs to be, objection and opposition to a  sunset provision with respect  [[Page H4373]]  to the authority that probation officers need to perform their duties  safely and effectively.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   