 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his kind words. I thank Mr. Russell also for his very kind words.   The bill before us, the Federal Intern Protection Act, would close a  loophole in Federal employment law that currently leaves unpaid interns  open to discrimination and sexual harassment with no legal recourse. It  is interesting. As I listened to Mr. Connolly, he is absolutely right:  it is surprising that they don't already have this protection.   Last year, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a  hearing at which we heard testimony about sexual harassment and  retaliation in an EPA regional office. During the hearing, both  Chairman Chaffetz and I expressed our disgust at the exploitation of  these young women and demanded action to prevent this abuse in the  future.   Unfortunately, the act of harassing unpaid interns on the basis of  race, religion, age, or, in this case, sex is not prohibited by Federal  law. Under current law, victims rely on the discretion of managers to  prevent this behavior, which is something that doesn't always occur.   As one witness testified before our committee: ``Even after finding  out about the numerous harassment victims, the direct reporting manager  continued to feed the harasser a steady diet of young women.''   That is a very sad commentary. As I have often said, we are better  than that.   We saw at our hearing that allowing this kind of behavior to go  unchecked can have serious consequences on the lives and careers of  those who are interested in government service. What we want to do is  encourage young people to come into government service. We want them to  come in and do what will feed their souls by making life better for the  general population. The last thing we want to do is anything that would  cause them to say this is something they don't want to do.   Many interns are willing to work for the Federal Government without  receiving any pay. That is the other piece: so many of these young  people come looking for experience, looking for opportunity. They  simply want a chance to get their foot in the door. We must protect  them from this kind of despicable behavior. Our bill will afford  Federal interns protections in the same manner and to the same extent  as Federal employees.   I want to take this moment to thank the chairman for moving this bill  expeditiously through our committee, where it was adopted unanimously,  and for bringing it to the floor today.   