 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H7148]]     Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which  restores critical water infrastructure funding to the Clean Water State  Revolving Fund.   Across our country, communities are faced with aging water  infrastructure, which poses a growing threat to existing levels of  service, public health, and our environment.   The State Revolving Funds are a proven critical tool for States and  local communities to make high priority water infrastructure  investments that otherwise may not be feasible.   Earlier this year, Onondaga County in my district leveraged over $20  million in funding through the State Revolving Funds to upgrade the  Syracuse-Metro sewage treatment plant to continue to improve the water  quality of Onondaga Lake, which has made a remarkable recovery.   While I commend the Chairman for his work on this legislation, with  the EPA estimating our national 20-year capital improvement need to be  over $650 billion for drinking water and waste infrastructure combined,  now is not the time to roll back this Federal funding.   The $250 million cut to this fund included in the bill would prove  harmful to communities in my district and throughout our entire Nation.   I was heartened to see that the President's statement yesterday  opposed this $250 million cut and reaffirmed the administration's  support of pivotal water infrastructure funding.   This is a bipartisan issue that impacts nearly every congressional  district. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  this amendment to ensure our communities can continue to invest in  critical water infrastructure projects that support their economies and  a safe and healthy environment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chair, in response to my colleagues from the  Democratic side of the aisle, it is clear, as I stated previously, that  the President has signaled not only that he supports the plussing up of  the money as I propose in this amendment, that he supports plus-ing up  a much larger amount the Clean Water State Revolving Funds as part of  an overall infrastructure plan. To say otherwise is simply untrue. This  President wants everyone in the United States to have clean drinking  water. He supports this program, and for someone to say otherwise, it  is just not true.   She also stated that robbing Peter to pay Paul is something that may  be going on here. We are talking about clean drinking water, $250  million of clean drinking water, that would come out of the general  fund. I would much rather see a little discomfort from bureaucrats in  Washington, D.C., than to see people not have clean drinking water  nationwide.   I want to reiterate the importance of supporting the effective State  Revolving Fund program. It has done a great job nationwide, and we need  in these tough fiscal times to find ways to make these things work.  This is a way to do it. Take away from the general fund, take away from  instances in which bureaucrats may not be able to rent the car of their  choice or have the pencils that they choose or an upgraded computer. I  would much rather have that than to have dirty drinking water for our  constituents nationwide.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   