 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 21,  the so-called Midnight Rules Relief Act, which amends the Congressional  Review Act. The Congressional Review Act allows Congress to overrule  regulations promulgated by the executive branch. That law expects a  deliberative approach to considering each and every rule.   H.R. 21 would allow Congress to consider a joint resolution to  simultaneously disapprove of multiple regulations all at once when such  rules are issued in the last 60 legislative days of a session of  Congress during the final year of a President's term. In this case, the  60 legislative days reach-back would apply to rules issued as far back  as June of last year, almost 7 months before the end of the President's  term. To call rules issued that long ago a midnight rule is a  particular misnomer.   This bill puts in place an indiscriminate process to eliminate rules,  many of which have been under development for years--or even decades-- to protect consumers, working families, and students. This bill denies  Congress the opportunity for a careful, individualized, case-by-case  review that is appropriate for a reasoned, decisionmaking legislative  body.   Under the Congressional Review Act, if a rule is eliminated, such  rule can never be taken up again in similar form without additional  legislation overriding the restriction, even if the undesirable rule  turns out, upon further reflection, to have been the best alternative.   Some of the rules that could be impacted that are just under the  jurisdiction of the Education and the Workforce Committee include the  Department of Labor's rule requiring Federal contractors to provide up  to 7 days of paid sick leave annually for their employees; the upcoming  OSHA rule, which has been under development for 18 years, which would  protect workers from exposure to beryllium, a metal that can cause lung  disease, resulting in a victim essentially suffocating to death; the  Department of Education's rule involving the borrower's defense, which  helps student borrowers who are defrauded by their universities; and  the Department of Education's K-12 accountability rule, which involves  the implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act, making sure that  all students can graduate ready for success for college and career.    H.R. 21 is poised to allow wholesale  undermining of critical protections for students, workers, taxpayers,  and consumers. I, therefore, urge a ``no'' vote.   