 Mr. President, in 2015, 85 U.S. Senators voted to fix  the No Child Left Behind Act. We reversed the trend to a national  school board and began to restore decisions to classroom teachers,  local school boards, and States. The Wall Street Journal said that it  was ``the largest devolution of federal control to the States'' in 25  years.   The Department of Education regulation that we seek to overturn today  does exactly the reverse. It begins to restore the national school  board, and it begins to take away responsibility from classroom  teachers, local school boards, and States. It does that in direct  violation of the law we passed with 85 Senators voting for it 15 months  ago.   The question before us today is not only whether we believe in a  national school board or local school board, the question is whether we  believe Congress ought to write the law or the U.S. Department of  Education ought to write the law. Article I of the U.S. Constitution  says that the U.S. Congress--we--should write the law.   The purpose of this resolution is to overturn a Department of  Education regulation that in seven specific cases directly violates the  Every Student Succeeds Act passed 15 months ago, and in 16 additional  cases exceeds the authority allowed by the law. I spoke on this floor  yesterday in detail of each of those 23 instances.   It is very unusual for the Congress to actually prohibit a department  from regulating on an issue, but that is exactly what Congress did. The  regulation we are seeking to overturn says to States: Ignore the law  that 85 Senators passed 15 months ago. Ignore the law President Obama  called a ``Christmas miracle.'' Ignore the law Governors, teachers,  school boards, and superintendents all supported, and even ignore why  they supported it, and listen instead to unelected bureaucrats at the  U.S. Department of Education.   This regulation issued by the Department of Education specifically  does things or requires States to do things Congress said in our law  that the Department cannot do; therefore, it violates the law.   For example, Congress said to the Department: You cannot tell States  what to do about fixing low-performing schools in Alaska or Tennessee  or your State; that is a State decision. But this regulation does that  anyway.   Congress said to the Department: You cannot tell States exactly how  to rate the public schools. But this regulation does that anyway.   This isn't a trivial matter. The remarkable consensus that developed  in 2015 in support of the bill fixing No Child Left Behind was, as I  said earlier, to reverse the trend toward a national school board and  restore to States, classrooms, teachers, and communities decisions  about what to do about schools. People are fed up with Washington  telling teachers and schools and superintendents and States so much  about what to do about their children in 100,000 public schools. So  this regulation, which contravenes the law, goes to the heart of that  consensus.   This resolution ensures that the law is implemented the way Congress  wrote it. This resolution restores flexibility. This resolution  preserves local decision making. This resolution scuttles new and  burdensome reporting requirements that are in the Department  regulation. This resolution ensures strong accountability for our  schools, but it is State accountability. That is what we decided in our  law.   Chaos? My distinguished friend from Washington said ``chaos.'' The  Secretary of Education has announced that States may continue to follow  the exact same timeline that the former Secretary, Secretary King,  announced for sending in their State plans. If they have questions  about how to do that, they can read the law, they can read the  guidance, they can read frequently asked questions, or they can make a  telephone call.   This resolution does not in any way give the Secretary new authority.  In fact, it limits her authority and the authority of the next  Secretary. If we stand up and say we are not going to allow any  Secretary of Education, whether it is Secretary King or Secretary  DeVos, to, in 23 different instances in a regulation, contravene the  authority granted in a law, that means we won't have Secretaries  imposing their own policies. We will have Congress writing the  law. This regulation--the one we are overturning is not required by the  law. It is allowed by the law, but it is not required by the law.  School districts can read the law.    Future Secretaries will be able to write regulations on this subject.  Of course they will. When you overturn a regulation, it does mean the  Secretary can't issue a new regulation that is substantially the same,  but that simply means, in a commonsense way, the Secretary can't turn  right around and do the same thing we just overturned.   This is a question of whether we are going to restore the national  school board that 85 Senators voted to reverse. This is a question of  whether you believe Congress writes the law or the U.S. Department of  Education writes the law. This resolution upholds the law that received  85 votes from U.S. Senators.   I urge my colleagues to vote aye. An ``aye'' vote preserves the  bipartisan  [[Page S1714]]  consensus. A ``nay'' vote undermines the bipartisan consensus.   I yield the floor.   I yield back any remaining time.   