 Mr. President, I would like to take a few minutes this  afternoon to talk about some of the events that happened here in the  past 24 hours.   Less than 24 hours ago, we confirmed my colleague--former colleague  now--Jeff Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States. After  he was confirmed, he resigned as Senator and has been sworn in as  Attorney General of the United States this morning.   The Governor of Alabama, Gov. Robert Bentley, subsequently appointed  Luther Strange, who is our newest Senator. He was our attorney general  until a few hours ago--a second term as attorney general. I want to  tell you a little bit about our newest Senator from Alabama here in the  U.S. Senate.   He is someone I have known for about 35 years and someone I have  spent a lot of time with, off and on. I know his wife Melissa. I know  his sons. We have traveled together. As the Presiding Officer would  appreciate coming from Georgia, we have had time to be in Georgia and  other places hunting quail, ducks, geese, and doves together. You get  to know somebody pretty well, as the Presiding Officer knows.   I believe this was a great appointment by our Governor. This is  someone who will hit the ground running. He is going to be involved in  the issues. He is a team player. He is going to work with us in the  Republican caucus and work for what is in the best interests of the  State of Alabama and the Nation, which we all need to do.   He is a graduate of Tulane University, undergraduate and law school,  and you might be able to tell he may have been a basketball player in  his youth and probably still would be.   I look forward to working with him. I am going to miss Senator  Sessions, who is now our Attorney General, someone I worked together  with for 20 years. I have been here 30 years, so together, as I said  yesterday, we have 50 years.   Luther Strange is going to hit the ground running. He brings a lot of  knowledge, a lot of integrity to this job, and I look forward to  working with him for the people of Alabama and for our great Nation.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   