 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was pleased to see on the front page of  the Washington Post that President-Elect Trump was speaking about how  we should maintain at least the number of people covered under  ObamaCare in a new kind of replacement for that portion of ObamaCare.  If you will, I agree totally with him. We should fulfill this promise  and do it, as he said, at a lower cost.   We think we have a mechanism to do so with Senator Collins. We will  speak to that today. First, let me point out, for those who are  praising ObamaCare, I will say that since it has passed, the American  people have been voting consistently against candidates who supported  ObamaCare, culminating in the election of President-Elect Trump. So  whatever folks might say about how wonderful it is, the American people  are voting against it consistently.   That said, there is a mandate from the American people not just to  repeal but to replace. So it is not that the American people don't want  to have coverage, and they want folks with preexisting conditions to  have their issues addressed, but what they are concerned about is the  way ObamaCare was forced upon them, with the power of Washington, DC,  reaching into their own life, if you will, to their kitchen table,  promising them penalties unless they comply with the Washington  bureaucrats directly. That is what the American people do not like.   So, first, can we maintain coverage? President-Elect Trump said we  are going to have insurance for everybody. Two, will we cover more?  Yes. Three, can we lower costs? The answer there is yes.   Now, let's first speak to covering more Americans than ObamaCare.  President-Elect Trump, Majority Leader McConnell, and Speaker Ryan have  all committed to maintaining coverage for all.   People speak of the advances made under ObamaCare. I will give them  those advances. There are still 30 million people uninsured. Our  alternative has the potential to cover 95 percent of Americans without  a mandate. The way we do this is that as we return power to the States,  we give States the option of saying that everyone who is eligible for  coverage is enrolled unless they choose not to be.   Just like when I turned 65 and I am on Medicare. I am on Medicare. I  don't feel it is a mandate. No one calls me up. Indeed, if I don't want  to be on Medicare, I have to call someone up and tell them I don't want  to be on it. State legislatures would have the option to say you are in  unless you call and tell us you are out. I say that addresses two folks  who are hard to reach; the fellow whose life is so in disarray that he  is living beneath a park bench and the typical 28-year-old male who  never thinks about health insurance. All of a sudden he is in without  even realizing he is in, until he needs it, and then he will be very  pleased.   On the other hand, if you don't want to be in, we make it easy to get  out. By the way, I spoke of that fellow living beneath the park bench.  As a physician who has worked in a hospital for the uninsured for 30  years, that was not tongue-in-cheek, and that is not a throwaway line.  That person living beneath the park bench will never have his life well  enough together, or almost never, to go to a public library to log onto  healthcare.gov. He does not have a W-2--and if he did, he lost it long  ago--to submit it to sign up.   Under our program, he is enrolled. What are the benefits that he  would get? He would have a health savings account so that if he goes to  the urgent care center with a nail in his foot, it is covered. He has a  pharmacy benefit, so that if he gets his life together while he is at  that urgent care center to take an antipsychotic, he has a pharmacy  benefit. Lastly, if something terrible happens, he is hit by a car or  something, then he is brought to the hospital and that catastrophic  coverage protects society against the cost of his hospitalization.   By the way, under our plan, we give States the power. I would like to  think that this is something Democrats and Republicans can agree to.  When Republicans say: You can keep your plan if you like it, and we  mean it, we mean it. The way we would do this is that Congress would  give States alternative options. The State would have the choice.   The State could go with the alternative, which we will lay out. The  State could opt for nothing, no Medicaid expansion and no help for  their lower income folks, or the State could opt to stay in ObamaCare.  If Illinois, California, Massachusetts, New York want to stay in  ObamaCare, we think they should have the right to stay in ObamaCare.   ObamaCare, if it is working for your State, God bless you. On the  other hand, it is not working for a State where there are double-digit  and sometimes triple-digit premium increases in 1 year.   So the State could choose to stay in ObamaCare, for nothing, or for  the alternative, which we lay out for them. By the way, I would say  that those who govern closest to those who are governed govern best. We  know that the State of Alaska is far different than the State of  California, Illinois, Louisiana, or New York. So let those States  decide the system that works best for them.   What is the timeline? This year, 2017, we would like to repeal  ObamaCare but put in place the legislation which allows, in 2018, for a  State legislature or a Governor to choose the option they wish and the  method by which they wish to enroll the people of their State. In 2019,  the State would implement the replacement option of their choice. By  2020, the repeal and the replace would have been finished.   If, at a later date, a State wishes to change their option--they  decided to stay with ObamaCare but on second thought now they wish to  have the alternative we lay out, which I actually think would be  something that might happen, they could choose that as a later option.   We are not being partisan. I tell folks, this is not a Republican  plan, not  [[Page S327]]  a Democratic plan, it is a patient plan, born out of my experience  working in a public hospital for the uninsured; that if you give the  patient the power, things line up. If we can make it an American  patient plan, it does not matter what your State decides. I am  comfortable that we will end up in the right place.   Our goal is to fulfill President-Elect Trump's promise, more coverage  at lower cost. We think we have laid out a pathway which can truly be  bipartisan to achieve that goal.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maine.   