 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, as we move forward in our efforts to  repeal and replace the failed ObamaCare law, it is worth remembering  the reasons why this work is so urgent and why it is so important. The  Affordable Care Act has left many American families paying far more for  healthcare than they did beforehand, and it has taken away their  freedom to choose the doctor they want or the health plan they want.  That is, of course, all contrary to what was promised at the time  ObamaCare was passed back in 2009 and 2010.   We all remember what the President said, and none of it has proven to  be true in terms of your plan, your doctor, or the costs. In fact, as I  mentioned before, the cost has gone up 105 percent for people in the  individual market since 2013 alone. So rather than seeing a $2,500  decrease in the cost to their health coverage, they have seen a $3,000  increase, and the prices continue to go up. It is actually getting  worse by the day, which is another reason for the urgency of what we  are about to do. A report from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  Services, or CMS, released yesterday, found that 40 percent fewer  insurers have applied to participate in  [[Page S3903]]  the ObamaCare exchanges next year. The reason why that is important is  because when fewer insurance companies choose to participate, of  course, consumers have less choice and there is less competition in  terms of quality of service or the price they charge. The damage goes  far beyond the damage to the doctor-patient relationship and the damage  to our pocketbooks, when we are told things will cost us less and they  cost us more. The damage of the Affordable Care Act has literally  permeated our entire economy and has led to a lot of people losing  their jobs along the way.   ObamaCare consists of a number of mandates, government coercion, and  punishment if you didn't comply with the mandates that forced many  Americans to buy a product they would not have bought of their own  volition and in many instances simply could not afford. But if you  refused to do it, the government fined you, punished you. That  represents a radical change in the nature and guiding philosophy of  this country. This country was founded on the concept of individual  freedom, not on Big Government coercing you to buy something that you  don't want and you can't afford. But that is the theory behind  ObamaCare.   In addition to that, for small business owners, it included a penalty  for any business that exceeded more than 50 employees who did not  provide government-approved health insurance policies. It cost them at  least an additional $70,000 a year, in addition to other increases in  healthcare costs.    Let's say you are a small business of 50 or so employees. You are  sure not going to hire over the cap and subject yourself to the  additional $70,000 a year in costs. What you are likely to do is to  hire fewer than 50 employees in order to protect yourself from that  expense, and that is exactly what happened.   I still remember, after the Affordable Care Act passed, having lunch  in San Antonio, TX, with a friend of mine who was an architect at the  particular time. When I described to him the nature of the employer  mandate and its effect, he made it clear to me that he would rather lay  off some of his employees in order to avoid that additional expense  under the employer mandate. In fact, that is just what he did.   This is just another bit of evidence about the pernicious impact of  the Affordable Care Act. It is not just about premiums. It is not just  about deductibles. It is not just about freedom of choice. Literally,  it has been a wet blanket on our economy.   This damage reaches across many different sorts of industries.  According to a recent study by the Mercatus Center, an estimated  250,000 jobs nationwide were lost due to this mandate. That strikes me,  frankly, as too small a number, but that is the number they projected.  A quarter of a million people lost their jobs because of this mandate  because small employers were motivated to keep their numbers under the  cap in order to avoid the extra expense. This does not even take into  account the consideration of businesses that were forced to shut their  doors altogether.   In other words, ObamaCare was, in part, premised on this idea that  businesses could endlessly absorb additional taxes and new costs and  mandates and somehow continue to keep their doors open and do business  as usual, but that is not the real world.   It also does not take into consideration the many businesses that  choose to cut the hours their employees can work instead of firing  them. This is another one of those stealth characteristics of  ObamaCare, in which employers are judged on the number of full-time  employees they have.   I remember talking to a restaurant owner in East Texas--in Tyler,  TX--who told me he had to lay off a single mother who was working as a  waitress in his restaurant. He could not afford to have her work full  time. He had to put her on part time in order to avoid the penalties  that are associated with ObamaCare. What that meant for this single mom  is that she essentially had to go out and get two jobs in order to fill  the gap that was left by her going from full-time work to part-time  work. That is not the only story I can tell you.   A small business owner in Donna, TX, epitomizes this reality in a  letter that was written to me a few weeks ago. This gentleman said he  and his wife are both on Medicare. Of course, they are unaffected  directly by ObamaCare because Medicare covers people who are 65 years  and older while ObamaCare covers people who are younger than that.  While they were left unaffected personally by ObamaCare's changes, on  behalf of his 54 employees, he wrote that after ObamaCare went into  effect, he was faced with a choice, either he could buy his employees  expensive health insurance that his business could not afford or he  could pay fines totaling more than $100,000. Instead, he made the  painful choice to lay off six of his employees in order to remain under  the ObamaCare-imposed threshold. As he pointed out, this meant more  than just simply laying off six people; it also meant risking the well- being of each of those families represented by those six people.   Small business owners should not be forced to choose between growing  their businesses and providing jobs or risking the financial  livelihoods of their entire companies and their employees just to  satisfy the demands of Big Government. Even beyond causing layoffs,  ObamaCare has effectively ensured that many businesses cannot grow and  that existing businesses will not hire any more employees.   ObamaCare did not just lead to a new form of healthcare coverage, as  some have claimed, as two-thirds of the small businesses that were  surveyed by the Mercatus Center report already offered insurance. Two- thirds of the businesses affected by ObamaCare already had healthcare  coverage, but that was effectively displaced and replaced by  government-approved healthcare, which proved to be far more expensive.   Instead of having the choice to shop around for the insurance that  best meets their needs and the needs of their employees, these  businesses have been forced to either pay the penalty or to pay the  piper--that is the Federal Government--when it comes to these mandates  and these demands.   It ought to be clear by now--7 years into the implementation of  ObamaCare--that this kind of one-size-fits-all mandate should not be  applied to a country of 320 million people, especially when it comes to  something as personal as healthcare. Each of us is a unique human  being. Each of our families has its own unique needs and desires.  Frankly, we ought to be able to choose the sort of healthcare coverage  that best suits our needs as well as our incomes and our desires to buy  health insurance. Some people want policies that provide purely for  catastrophic coverage when they go to the hospital. Maybe they prefer  to have savings accounts that use pretax dollars under health savings  accounts in order to save money so as to pay for their doctors' visits,  and they combine that with a high deductible health insurance plan. You  literally cannot do that under ObamaCare, but you will be able to do  that under the Better Care Act, which we will be voting on next week.   What we have tried to do is to look at the meltdown of ObamaCare and  say that we need some emergency measures to take place because of the  phenomenon I mentioned earlier in which insurance companies are pulling  out, people's premiums are going through the roof, or deductibles are  so high that they are effectively being denied the benefit of their  health insurance. We need to do something quickly and urgently.    What we are going to do is take measures to stabilize the insurance  markets because if insurance companies continue to pull out of the  insurance markets and deny people a choice or competition or even  access to a qualifying policy at all, that is going to put people in an  impossible situation. So the first thing we are going to do is to  stabilize the marketplace.   The second thing we are going to do is to repeal the mandates that  have made health insurance so unaffordable and restore the freedom to  choose the sorts of policies and create a marketplace in which people  can choose the policies that best suit their needs and at prices they  can afford. It will literally bring down the cost of what people are  charged in order to buy healthcare coverage.   Because we understand the importance of protecting families against  preexisting condition exclusions, we are going to make sure the current  law  [[Page S3904]]  remains in effect that protects people from exclusions when they change  jobs or lose jobs based upon preexisting conditions.   The fourth thing we are going to do in the Better Care Act is put  Medicaid on a sustainable growth rate. Medicaid is an important  program. It provides the healthcare safety net for the Nation, but  unfortunately it is unsustainable at the current rate of spending. Over  the next 10 years, we propose to spend $71 billion more than we do  today on Medicaid. In other words, it is going to continue to grow but  at a more controlled and fiscally responsible rate.   We are also going to provide people with tax credits who have an  income between zero and 350 percent, including those people who are  left out in the event that the Medicaid expansion is not embraced by  their States and States like Texas--people who are now at 100 percent  of the Federal poverty level up to 138 percent who were left out  because of the fact that Texas did not expand Medicaid to able-bodied  adults. They are going to be able to use that tax credit to buy private  insurance. Private insurance provides much better access to coverage  because, right now, Medicaid pays doctors and hospitals about 50 cents  on the dollar when it reimburses them. Private insurance pays them much  better so it improves the range of choices available to consumers.   Our bill continues to be a work in progress. We have done our best to  try to work with everybody who has been willing to work with us and to  use their ideas. What we have tried to build is a consensus bill, but  the fact is, our friends on the other side of the aisle have simply  refused to participate in the process, thus leaving it up to us to save  people and help people who are currently being hurt by the status quo.  We are going to do our duty. We are going to fulfill our responsibility  to our constituents the best we can under these circumstances. In  recognizing that no bill is ever going to be perfect, certainly, we  have to do what we can in order to help the people who are being hurt  now under the status quo.   Let me just close by saying that I have heard my friend the Senator  from New York--the Democratic leader--talk about this bill. If we are  unsuccessful in getting this bill passed next week, he wants to engage  in a bipartisan negotiation in order to address healthcare. Yet what I  predict is this: What he is really talking about is a massive,  multibillion-dollar bailout of insurance companies without there being  any reform. To me, that is an exercise that, frankly, I am not willing  to participate in. I will never support a multibillion-dollar bailout  of insurance companies and not be able to reform the system that  created the problem in the first place.   I urge all of our colleagues to work together with us. Bring us your  best ideas. Work with us. Try to figure out a way to be constructive in  this process and help us to achieve a result. It is not going to be the  final result. We will have other opportunities, for example, in the  Children's Health Insurance Program, which is a bipartisan program that  expires by the end of September. We will have another opportunity to  come back--hopefully, then on a bipartisan basis--to do additional  things that we were unable to do because of the constraints of the  budget reconciliation process and the fact that our Democratic  colleagues simply refuse to participate in saving the people who are  being hurt today by ObamaCare.   I encourage my colleagues not to be lured by the seductive message of  our friends across the aisle about doing something bipartisan after  this bill is unsuccessful. They are not interested in changing anything  about the structural defects in ObamaCare. If all we are going to do is  propose to pay insurance companies billions of dollars more in order to  bail them out--in order to support the same flawed structural program  known as the Affordable Care Act--you can count me out.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   