 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and chairman in  the past, my chairman.   This bill has come up over many years when I served on this  subcommittee and was the ranking member and the chair at one time. Mr.  Issa suggested it might only be six or seven regulations. If that was  the case, they could take them individually.   There is a process where regulations can be brought before the House,  in the Congressional Review Act, and each one studied individually, and  the House could overrule them. I can't fathom that they are bringing  this bill for just six regulations which they could do individually.  But even then, that is wrong to put them all together. We know what is  going to happen is they are going to pass. They are going to pass the  House. Whether they pass the Senate is another issue.   These are not midnight regulations. These are regulations that go  back to last June. So the term ``midnight regulations'' is a misnomer.  To say that these are just decisions made by bureaucrats, you would  think bureaucrats were something out of a medical dictionary that was  highly contagious. Bureaucrats could also be called experts,  specialists, dedicated government officials.   There are people who study these issues that, to be implemented, need  to be fine-tuned to fit into society, sometimes to protect consumers,  sometimes to protect commerce, and it takes years and years and years,  often, for these regulations to take effect. Some of them protect  animals--the soring industry.   A great majority of this House was in favor of a bill to protect  walking horses, but it didn't get a vote because there were some people  in this House that were against it and against it so much that they  worked to get one of the finest Members I have served with, Ed  Whitfield, out of this House. That was despicable. I suspect that same  power that might have had that effect could bring that type of  regulation up to be nullified. I would fear that, and I would find it  wrong in the spirit of Ed Whitfield and fairness.    I like Ed Whitfield a lot. A lot of us did. He was a great  guy. It was wrong, what happened, the way he was forced out because a  majority of this House wanted a vote on that and it could be put in  this regulation and it would go.   Tobacco regulations, toys, protections for children, all potentially  in jeopardy, as well as other regulations protecting four-legged  friends.  [[Page H79]]    I can imagine when this comes up and the decision is made which bills  to put into this omnibus bill, you are going to have lots of lobbyists  coming and wanting the bills that affect them adversely, their industry  is put in it, and you are going to have fundraisers right around it. It  is going to be a fundraising trough for the Republicans to use and  bidding basically on who wants to have their regulation put in our bill  and have it nullified. The nullification acts back in the 1830s with  John Calhoun are back, not the midnight judges of President Adams.   