 Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to talk about a  couple of my friends. I want to say a few words and praise President  Trump's nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the  United States.   I first met Judge Gorsuch several years ago when I met with several  circuit court judges for a dinner. He was and has been impressive.  Judge Gorsuch is an admirable choice to be America's next Supreme Court  Justice. His many years of dedication to the law and service to  America's judicial system clearly qualify him to serve on America's  highest Court.   His work itself speaks highly of his understanding of the  Constitution and the values that we, as Americans, hold dear. Some of  the first signs Judge Gorsuch would be a great jurist happened just  around the corner from here in Washington, DC, where he won a national  debate championship in high school.   He attended college at Columbia University and received a scholarship  to attend Harvard Law School. As a new lawyer, he was back here in  Washington learning from some of the best jurists in America. He  performed clerkships first to the U.S. Supreme Court of Appeals for the  DC district court and later for Justice Byron White and Anthony Kennedy  at the U.S. Supreme Court.   After working in private practice and at the Department of Justice,  in 2006, President George W. Bush nominated Judge Gorsuch to serve as  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit--that is my circuit.  The Senate confirmed him by voice vote. Let me say that again. In 2006,  this body was so confident about Neil Gorsuch, his character and his  qualifications to serve as a Federal judge--yes, a circuit court  judge--that he was confirmed without anyone even asking for a recorded  vote. I consider that unanimous.   On the bench of the busy Tenth Circuit, Judge Gorsuch has proven he  takes seriously his duty to uphold the Constitution. He is known for  his legal opinions that stridently defend our  [[Page S846]]  most fundamental constitutional rights and for writing those opinions  in a way that is engaging and easy to understand.   He knows that his work as a judge is about serving this institution,  not his personal preferences. As he said recently at the White House,  shortly after his nomination was announced by President Trump, ``A  judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge  stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands.''   I love that quote.   As a uniquely exceptional scholar and respected jurist, not to  mention a fellow westerner and avid outdoorsman who shares my love of  fly fishing, he is the kind of man I trust to serve America on the  highest Court of the land.   I have met Judge Gorsuch, and he has a lot of support from folks in  Wyoming, in the Wyoming legal community, and from both parties. I got  calls from people of both parties saying he is the one we want to put  up. I know and I trust those people, and I know and trust Judge  Gorsuch, and I value those people's opinions. I believe he has a good  understanding of the legal issues that matter to people in my home  State.   I would be remiss if I didn't state my disappointment in all the  unproductive distraction about this pick by activists bent on  politicizing the judicial nomination process. If their rhetoric and  antics in the last days and weeks have told us anything, it is that no  matter who President Trump nominated to fill the spot on the Supreme  Court, they would have objected--no matter how learned, how objective,  or how many hundreds of hours a nominee had already spent on the bench.   In November, millions of people went to the polls and rejected this  kind of tired partisan bickering when they voted for a change in  Washington. Those same voters went to the polls knowing that there was  a vacancy on the Supreme Court and that whoever became the next  President would choose the nominee.   Mr. President, among our most important duties, as Members of this  body, is carefully vetting all nominees who come before us. Never is  that responsibility so stark and so substantial as when our Nation  faces a vacancy on the Supreme Court.   I believe Judge Neil Gorsuch is up to the solemn and mighty task of  serving as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I look  forward to a timely and fair confirmation process focused on Judge  Gorsuch's qualifications.   Now I want to talk a little bit about my other friend. I rise in  support of President Trump's nominee to serve as the next Attorney  General of the United States. That is my good friend and colleague  Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama.   Senator Sessions is an admirable and appropriate choice to be  America's next Attorney General. His many years of legal practice, his  service as a U.S. attorney, and as Alabama's attorney general, and 20  years of legislative service in the U.S. Senate have prepared him well  to lead America's Department of Justice. His work itself speaks highly  of his understanding of the Constitution, of his respect for the law,  and of his reverence for the values that we as Americans hold dear.  Jeff Sessions is qualified to be the next U.S. Attorney General because  he spent decades studying and practicing the law.    He grew up in a small town in Alabama and worked his way through  college before studying law at the University of Alabama. Senator  Sessions began his law practice at a small firm, where he worked on  cases involving probate matters, domestic relations, criminal defense,  real estate, wills, and civil litigation--what a combination.   He then worked as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District  of Alabama from 1975 to 1977. In that position, he handled a variety of  cases at the trial level, including those related to wrongful death,  gun violations, forgeries, bank robberies, drugs, and enforcing  criminal penalties for pollution.   I am not an attorney myself, but I understand those are exactly the  kinds of cases that teach foundational legal skills to a young  attorney--managing a docket that may include dozens of cases at any one  time; working long hours to track down key evidence and witnesses;  developing relationships with investigators and closely advising them  to ensure relevant and admissible evidence is gathered lawfully; giving  up nights and weekends to prepare witnesses, motions, and arguments for  trial to get a case across the finish line; and conferring with victims  to assure they are afforded the rights guaranteed to them by law.   That kind of hard work and legal training paid off in 1981, when  Senator Sessions was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to serve as  the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama. For the next 12  years Jeff Sessions represented Federal agencies in legal  controversies, prosecuted criminal cases, collected debts owed to the  government, and defended the civil rights of U.S. citizens. He did this  while also serving his country in the U.S. Army Reserve from 1973 to  1986. He worked as a transportation officer and later as a military  attorney, where the Army no doubt benefited greatly from his years of  civilian legal training and practice.   In 1995, Senator Sessions was elected attorney general for the State  of Alabama, and he served for 2 years as the State's chief legal  officer. Two years later he was elected to the U.S. Senate.   I was first elected to the Senate in that same year, and Jeff  Sessions has been my friend ever since. But I personally know the man,  not just the Senator, and I believe him to be a caring person who wants  justice for people and has compassion for people, no matter their  backgrounds.   During his 20 years in the Senate, Jeff Sessions has worked on many  tough legislative issues that further qualify him to serve as Attorney  General. As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, he has fought  for the confirmation of judges committed to following the law.  Consistent with his experience as a prosecutor, he has led successful  legislative efforts to improve law and order, many times working with  his colleagues across the aisle. He worked with another of my good  friends, the late Senator Ted Kennedy, on legislation to reduce sexual  assaults in prisons. He worked with Senator Durbin to pass legislation  in 2010 to bring fairness to Federal drug sentencing and provide  tougher penalties to repeat drug traffickers.   But his efforts haven't been limited to the Judiciary Committee. As a  member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, he has been a strong  advocate for America's military and for those who serve in it. In 2006,  he worked with Senator Lieberman to pass a law increasing death  benefits for family members of fallen combat personnel and to increase  Servicemembers Group Life Insurance benefits.   He has worked to restrain the growth of Federal spending and  rebalance Federal funding for HIV/AIDS treatment through the Ryan White  CARE Act. Those are just a few of his many legislative accomplishments  as a U.S. Senator.   Jeff Sessions is a well-educated attorney, an accomplished  prosecutor, and a skilled legislator. But I also believe his character,  work ethic, and temperament make him well-suited to serve as the chief  law enforcement officer of the Federal Government.   As I mentioned, he has been my friend and colleague for over 20  years. So I am proud to personally attest to this. He is a man who is  guided by his principles. He is very active in his family's church back  in Mobile and in the entire Methodist community of Alabama. He and his  wife Mary have raised three wonderful children who have given them ten  grandchildren.   I believe Senator Sessions has the experience, character, and drive  to be a fantastic Attorney General. If confirmed, he is committed to  strengthening partnerships between Federal and local law enforcement  officers to fight crime, and, specifically, to take out drug cartels  and criminal gangs. He has vowed to prosecute criminals who use guns in  committing crimes. And he will prosecute individuals who repeatedly  violate America's immigration laws.   In November millions of voters went to the polls and voted for  change. I believe the priorities Senator Sessions will pursue if  confirmed as Attorney General are shared by those voters. I would note  the many organizations and individuals who have endorsed his  nomination, including the Fraternal Order  [[Page S847]]  of Police, the National Sheriffs' Association, and 25 State attorneys  general. These are people at the frontlines of law enforcement, and I  think they know what it takes to make a great Attorney General.   Among our most important duties as Members of this body is to  carefully vet all nominees that come before us. We have before us an  opportunity to support the nomination of a man of high moral character,  whose training, education, and professional experience make him  extremely well-qualified to serve our country. I urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting Senator Jeff Sessions to serve as our next U.S.  Attorney General.   I yield the floor.    It is always disturbing to sit in this Chamber and listen  to some of the speeches. I am wondering if even a saint could get  approved without a filibuster in this body.   