 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the healthcare  bill that is currently pending before us. Now that I have had a chance  to look at it a little bit, I can see why there has been a lot of  secrecy surrounding this process.   Before talking about how I think this bill would hurt Virginians, let  me talk about the process itself and how flawed I think it is. But the  good news is that it is a process that can be fixed.   This morning, when the bill was first described on the floor, I was  interested when my friend the senior Senator from Texas, the majority  whip, said we were doing it this way, through a budget reconciliation  process, because Democrats didn't want to work together. I took offense  at that comment.   As the Presiding Officer knows, I am a member with him on the  committee. I was just added to the committee in January. I have been in  the Senate for 4 years. I have had great committees, but this is the  committee I always wanted to be on because, as a former mayor and  Governor, the two biggest line items in the budget I have had to deal  with have been education and health. So, finally, I am on the committee  I most want to be on.   I believe this session of the Senate started on January 3. That was  my first day on the committee. I have a letter I wrote on January 5. I  had been a committee member for 2 days, and I wrote a letter to my  chairman, whom I hold in the highest regard, Senator Alexander; the  Senate majority leader, Senator McConnell; and the chairman of the  Finance Committee, Senator Hatch, which has jurisdiction over Medicaid  and Medicare issues. I wrote a letter on January 5, and I got 13  Democrats, including me, to sign this letter.   The gist of the letter is this: We would like to work with you. We  would like to work with you to find solutions that would improve our  healthcare system, whether that be within the Affordable Care Act or,  more broadly, Medicare, Medicaid, and Medicare Part D. We want to work  together.   That was on January 5, 2 days after I had been added to the  committee. As a member of the committee, I have been given no  opportunity--not one--to work on this bill.   The committee we serve on works productively. We work productively on  pharmaceutical issues. We work productively on educational issues. In  the committee the Presiding Officer and I serve on, we have passed  legislation through our committee and sent it to the floor. Some of the  legislation we have sent has already gone off the floor to the House.  This is a committee that has a great bipartisan track record, and I am  convinced that bipartisan track record is going to continue. But there  has been one topic which has been taboo, and that has been to allow  meaningful bipartisan discussion about this healthcare bill.   When the House bill passed--now a number of weeks ago--it was our  expectation that we would have hearings in the HELP Committee and in  the Finance Committee about the bill. We haven't. The Democrats on the  HELP Committee got a little riled up one day. We were having a hearing  about something else, and a lot of us said: Wait a minute. We are not  talking about the biggest topic in domestic politics in the country  right now, which is this House health bill. We should be doing that in  this committee. If we are not doing it in this committee, we are really  not doing it.   Why does it matter to have hearings in the committee? It is the  committee hearing process where you put witnesses at a table and ask  them questions. We would have patients, we would have hospitals, we  would have doctors, we would have nurses, and we would have  pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies, and we would ask  them: What is good and what is bad about this bill? What is good and  what is bad, and what needs to be fixed about healthcare in this  country? That is what you do in hearings, but we haven't had one  hearing, and the Finance Committee hasn't had one hearing either.   We haven't had hearings in the committee on the House bill. We have  had no willingness to hold hearings on the Senate substitute that was  revealed today. The effort to draft the bill was closed-door. The  notion that Democrats wouldn't participate--we weren't invited to the  meetings. We didn't know where they were. We didn't know when they  were. We had no chance to participate. Now we are being told that this  bill described this morning--and we thought we were reading it online-- no, that is a discussion draft, not the bill itself. So I don't know  whether the bill is going to be different, or is it the same? The  notion is to rush it to the floor and then essentially to close off  debate with a very meager amendment process.   The Presiding Officer knows this, but I just want to explain for the  public. By not having committee hearings where you can talk to  witnesses and hear from the public and then discuss and propose  amendments, this is what it will be on the floor: 20 hours of debate  about the most important topic in anybody's life--their health. Twenty  hours and then you finish the debate.   Then, the majority leader indicates there is an unlimited amendment  process, but the amendment process under budget reconciliation is as  follows: An amendment will be considered, and there will be 1 minute of  debate allowed for each side--1 minute.   We are talking about healthcare. We are talking about life and death.  I have a number of bills I filed that I want to offer as amendments,  but for us to truly debate it and for the American public to truly  understand it, 1 minute is ridiculous. But that is apparently going to  be the rule for us next week.   I think it is an outrage for a body that is known as the greatest  deliberative body in the world to take up such an important topic and  be told that it is in such a constrained way. So I just want to object  to the characterization of the process this morning, that Democrats  refuse to work together. I have evidence to the contrary. Within 48  hours of being put on this committee, I asked for an opportunity to  participate in this debate. I think I am entitled to respect as an  elected Member of this body and a member of the HELP Committee to be  engaged on matters dealing with healthcare. But thus far, I have not  had this opportunity, and that is so out of character for the HELP  Committee, I might add.   I am going to be discussing this bill tomorrow with stakeholders in  Richmond, where I live. Let me tell you what I see that really troubles  me about the Senate bill. I think this bill hurts Virginians-- especially seniors, children, people with disabilities, and working  families--and it hurts them all to deliver giant tax breaks, largely to  the wealthiest Americans. It also shifts costs from the Federal budget  to the States, and as a former Governor, that worries me.   This bill would slash traditional Medicaid, which is a program that  more than 1 million Virginians rely on. It is really important to point  out that, when you are cutting Medicaid by potentially more than $1.3  trillion over 10 years, that is what the House bill cut out in  Medicaid--the House bill plus President Trump's proposed budget, $1.3  trillion in cuts to Medicaid--and this bill could cut Medicaid even  deeper by our reading of it.   You have to ask yourself, you cut Medicaid by that much--who are  Medicaid recipients? In Virginia, nearly 60  [[Page S3721]]  percent of Medicaid recipients are children. Kids who are in public  schools receiving special education, many of their services are paid  for by Medicaid. A youngster undergoing a cancer operation at  Children's Hospital of King's Daughters in Norfolk, a lot of that is  being paid for by Medicaid.   A kid who has autism and is getting a couple of hours of autism- related services to help them be successful in school is paid by  Medicaid. A child in a dangerous household who might have to get  institutionalized--not because the child is doing something wrong but  because there aren't parents in the household who are helping the  household stay together, they are in danger of being  institutionalized--Medicaid can send services a few hours a week into  the household to stabilize the family so the child doesn't have to be  institutionalized, and that is being paid by Medicaid.   When you cut Medicaid, that is whom you are affecting; 60 percent are  children, 15 to 20 percent are people with disabilities. That is who is  on Medicaid in Virginia; 10 to 15 percent are parents and grandparents  in nursing homes and pregnant women. That is who is on Medicaid in  Virginia.   The Medicaid cuts in this bill are even steeper, even more  significant than the cuts in the House bill. The bill would continue to  allow something that I think is very challenging and that was a  carryover from the House bill and may even be worse, which is the  ability to charge older adults in the 55- to 64-year-old age range as  much as five times higher than younger enrollees in the marketplace.   When most people are in the 55- to 64-year-old range, they are not  necessarily at the peak of their earnings. Their earnings are often  starting to come down a little bit. If you let their rates rise that  dramatically, you are really hurting people who can't easily go back  and reenter the marketplace and the workforce at the same level they  could have when they were younger.   This is a bill that will hurt 22,000 Virginians who rely on Planned  Parenthood for lifesaving healthcare. That is how many women in  Virginia use Planned Parenthood as their primary doctor, as their  primary physician--22,000, and this bill would hurt it.   This bill would weaken health benefits by reducing the essential  health benefits contained in the Affordable Care Act, and that affects  pregnancy, that affects mental health, that affects opioid treatment  programs, and it would force States to make very difficult budget  choices.   If you cut Medicaid by that much, you are going to make Governors and  mayors decide: Wow. OK. Whom do I cut? Do I cut the kids? Do I cut the  disabled? Do I cut the elderly? Do I cut all three or do I raise taxes?  You are just pushing this off on the shoulders of States.   There is good news. I want to finish with good news. I always try to  finish or find some good news. There is good news. We can do this  right. We don't have to do this wrong. It is actually really simple.  When the Senate bill is truly ready, and it is not just a discussion  draft but a real bill and it is put on the floor, all we have to do is  refer the bill to the two committees--the Finance Committee and the  HELP Committee.   Let the committees hear from the public, from providers, patients,  doctors and nurses, and hospitals. Let members of the committee-- Republicans and Democrats--ask questions. Let us propose amendments.  Let us improve it.   This doesn't have to be a complete up-or-down. Why can't we have a  meaningful discussion and ask questions and propose amendments in a  deliberative way and improve the bill? It is not as if the Democratic  minority can just roll over you. We are the minority in this body, and  we are the minority on both the HELP and Finance Committees. Unless I  can put an amendment on the table and convince some Republicans it is a  good idea, my amendment is going to be voted down. If I can't convince  somebody around the table this is a good idea, I will take it, and my  amendment will be voted down. At least, let's have a meaningful  discussion about the most important expenditure anybody ever makes in  their life and the largest sector of the American economy.   What would be wrong, what could be wrong in letting the HELP  Committee take a look at the healthcare bill? What would be wrong, what  could be wrong with letting the Finance Committee take a look at a bill  that affects Medicaid and Medicare, which is in their jurisdiction?   What would be wrong, what could be wrong with allowing public  witnesses to come to these committees and testify what they like and  what they don't like? I may learn some things about the bill that I  like after listening to some witnesses. What would be wrong, what could  be wrong with allowing this to happen in this great deliberative body?   I guarantee it would improve the outcome. It would improve the  product. More minds looking at this and debating and in dialogue will  improve it, if what we want is an improved healthcare system. Maybe  that is not what we want. Maybe doing our best job is not what we want.  Maybe what we want is the ability to put something through only with  votes from one party and with the other party completely shut out of  it.   What I think we should want is to do the best job for the most people  when it comes to the most important thing in their lives, their health.   I will conclude and say that we can get this right. We can take  advantage of the work product of the Republicans, who have been working  on this draft by putting it in the HELP and Finance Committees and  allowing the body to treat it as any other piece of legislation and  improve it before we are forced to vote for it in a rush vote on the  floor.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   