 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this opportunity. I would like  to thank the gentleman from Maryland.   The Progressive Caucus has its own version of a budget which we have  discussed on the floor of Congress previously that we will be glad to  put exactly next to the budget that has been produced by this  President, because our budget takes a completely different course than  the budget that has been put forth by the Trump administration.   We can tell you, now that we have seen the budget from the  Republicans, it hits every fear that we thought was going to be in it.  There are very few winners, and there are an awful lot of losers in the  budget, and that is what we are going to try to show today, just who  some of the winners are and who some of the losers are, just to give  you a visual display of exactly what is in this Trump budget.   So what people need to know is that this is a budget that is not for  the average person across the country. In fact, the average person will  be hurt in multiple ways by the cuts that are in this budget. There are  very few in this country who are going to applaud this, but it is very  few because this is a budget that only benefits a very few. And we, in  the Progressive Caucus, are going to do everything we can to fight  this, tooth and nail, to make sure this doesn't become law.   Let me just show a few of the winners that we have on this. One of  the winners are the wealthiest Americans. This is going to reduce  trillions of dollars in taxes that are primarily paid by the wealthy.  So clearly, the wealthy are going to do well.   Another group that does well is Wall Street and Big corporations.  This budget slashes regulations for Big banks that caused the great  recession, and it defunds the agency that is charged with protecting  consumers.   Another beneficiary is defense contractors--a $54 billion boost in  defense spending at the expense of nearly every other program. That  will increase money that will purchase unnecessary new weapons.   The border wall. This is going to put down a $1.6 billion downpayment  to build a wall across the Mexican border, something that truly is not  necessary and not asked for.   And finally, the last beneficiary is polluters. This is going to roll  back environmental regulations that protect our air and water.   So those are the winners on the Trump budget. But if you look on the  other side of the equation, there are a whole lot more losers.   Let's start right up here with our friend, Big Bird. PBS funding. The  Trump budget would cut funding for children's shows like Sesame Street.   Social Security. The Trump budget will get rid of the insurance to  help people with disabilities.   Meals on Wheels. You know, I have had the great fortune of doing  Meals on Wheels delivery in Madison, Wisconsin, which is in my  district. And not only is it often the only meal, the healthy meal that  that person is getting delivered who often can't leave their homes, but  it is also that daily check-in to make sure that person is all right.   I just met with someone who works with Meals on Wheels, and they said  that there is not a week that goes by that they don't find someone who  has fallen in their home and needed that person to come by for help.  Well, the Trump budget eliminates funding for programs like Meals on  Wheels.   The children's health insurance and Medicaid funding specifically for  kids is cut. He cuts dental care for kids, cancer care for kids, access  to inhalers, and access to vital medical devices for children.   He cuts nursing home care. Families are going to be forced to pay  more out-of-pocket for nursing home care.   The school lunch program. Now, I understand, everyone may not love  everything on their tray at lunch, but this is cutting funding for  subsidized lunches, causing kids literally to go hungry in this  country.   It has education cuts to school and literacy programs, to teacher  training and class-size reduction. Over 20 programs are going to be  cut. Even Special Olympics gets a cut in this budget.   Today, we had Secretary DeVos at the Appropriations Subcommittee for  [[Page H4556]]  the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies,  and, unfortunately, she couldn't make a case for any of these cuts,  which is truly disappointing, because they are going to add hundreds of  millions of dollars to give money to people who have children attending  private schools, but we are going to be slashing the very programs that  make our public schools so strong.   They slash programs for the Department of labor for job training.   There is a $6 billion-plus cut to the National Institutes of Health  that works on lifesaving research for diseases like Alzheimer's and ALS  and diabetes. And it cuts another billion for cancer research,  specifically, in this budget.   Loan repayment programs. This is going to end the loan repayment  programs for police officers, nurses, and teachers who work in a public  setting.   This has massive cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency that  protect our air and water, and it guts general funding that provides  that clean air and water programs that are going to affect people  across the country.   It cuts funding to prevent major outbreaks for diseases like Ebola  and Zika by cutting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  program budget.   Opioid addiction, something that this Congress has, in a bipartisan  way, found ways to find additional funding for; in this proposal by the  Trump administration, it leaves families that are dealing with  addiction on the hook for the cost of treatment in many cases.   Border funding. It is not just that they are building a wall, but  this also ramps up funding for deportation task forces which are going  to tear families apart in this country; and it adds money to build  more detention centers.    This budget will allow the government to sell off swaths of public  land that is going to open up our national parks and public land to oil  and gas development, including fracking operations.   And this budget, when it comes to women's healthcare, will go after  protections in funding for women's healthcare by cutting Planned  Parenthood.   Finally, for veterans, it makes it harder for veterans and low-income  families of veterans to find housing.   That is just some of the losers, but we want to show the difference  in the balance of the very few who benefit and the whole lot of  people--and there is a whole lot of other areas that are going to be  cut by this budget.   Now, the contrast really is the Progressive Caucus budget that we put  forward that we will have a vote on, on this floor of Congress, where  we do a completely different approach. Gone are the winners and losers  of this case. And the winners would be a big category, being the  American people, and the losers really being those, I think, who have  abused the system for all too long.   We have a $2 trillion investment in infrastructure that puts money  into our roads and bridges, our schools, our waterworks, our broadband,  and really makes sure that those are family-supporting jobs that people  can get back to work and will create millions of new jobs, according to  the Economic Policy Institute.   We make sure that we move forward in affordable healthcare by making  it so we can negotiate for prescription drug prices and bring those  costs down, as well as allow States to get closer to a single-payer  system.   We specifically have comprehensive immigration reform that recognizes  those who are aspiring Americans, not by building walls and more  detention centers but really providing a path to citizenship so that we  can find a way to still protect our borders, but also make sure that we  have got a path for people who have lived here for so very long.   We close corporate tax loopholes and make sure that working families  are getting the stronger benefit.   We have an investment to make sure that we can have universal child  care for all families in this country, not like the proposal that  President Trump has put forward that takes care of, quite honestly,  President Trump and people like him and the wealthiest in this country,  but making sure that every family will never pay more than 10 percent  of their income to have child care for their family. And on and on and  on is what our contrast is.   So as someone who has been very active in the Progressive Caucus,  someone who comes from America's heartland in Wisconsin, we wanted to  show the winners and the losers but, more importantly, to show the  different path forward the Progressive Caucus is going to put for a  vote on the floor of Congress. And I think if you get a chance to  compare and contrast these budgets, you can see there is an  alternative.   We don't have to slash funding for all sorts of programs just to get  $54 billion of new spending for defense. We can actually invest in  America, invest in healthcare, invest in our schools, make sure that  college is affordable, all the things that we offer in our contrast  budget. It is the only budget that is out there right now, so we would  love to be able to show that contrast.   But we ask people to take a look at this, and then you decide what is  best for your family. I think you are going to decide the Progressive  Caucus puts a positive path forward that will make your family prosper  and won't just support a very few in this country.   I thank the gentleman from Maryland. I appreciate this opportunity to  have this time.   