 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 690. I would like to thank the  gentleman from New York, Congressman Donovan, for his help and support  and his bipartisanship.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 690 is based on a bipartisan bill I introduced last  year, H.R. 5391, which passed the House in September.   For decades, security experts have warned of the danger that  radioactive materials could be smuggled within and across our borders  and used in an act of nuclear terrorism. The DHS Domestic Nuclear  Detection Office, or DNDO, brings together expertise from across the  Federal Government to detect and prevent the illicit transport,  storage, and assembly of nuclear and radiological weapons. These  interagency partners coordinate their efforts using a multilayered  framework--the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture, or GNDA. GNDA  describes Federal programs, guidelines, and detection technologies and  identifies research challenges and security gaps.   In 2015, GAO looked at how DNDO manages its $350 million research and  development program. The report found that DNDO needs to do a better  job of documenting how it chooses which projects to fund and how these  investments align with security gaps and research challenges-- especially for vulnerabilities identified in the GNDA.   H.R. 690 would resolve these issues by requiring DNDO to document the  rationale it uses to prioritize research topics, explain how selected  investments align with gaps and research challenges, and develop a  systematic approach to evaluate the outcomes for individual projects.  Such documentation is essential to ensure that DNDO is making the right  research investments to keep the Nation secure.  [[Page H796]]    Mr. Speaker, my bill, H.R. 690, would help DNDO use its limited  resources toward projects that actually close the vulnerability gaps.  Preventing and detecting nuclear smuggling is a complex endeavor. It  requires seamless coordination between law enforcement and intelligence  officials across the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 690, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 655.   For over a decade, the Securing the Cities program has provided a  growing number of first responders from New York City and Newark, New  Jersey to Los Angeles and Long Beach to Washington, D.C., Houston, and  Chicago with the tools they need to detect radiological and nuclear  threats.   Securing the Cities is administered by the Department of Homeland  Security's Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, DNDO, which houses the  Department's experts on preparing for and responding to rad/nuc events.   The program makes funding available to participating jurisdictions  for planning and analysis related to radiological and nuclear threats,  as well as equipment purchases, training, and exercises.   Through this program, DNDO supports grantees by providing subject  matter expertise, training, coordination, and technological support.  H.R. 655 would formally authorize the existing Securing the Cities  program and improve it by directing the Government Accountability  Office to assess the program and offer recommendations for how it could  become more effective.   Mr. Speaker, this bill passed the House last Congress by a vote of  441-4.   Mr. Speaker, the Securing the Cities program plays a critical role in  protecting communities across America from the threat posed by  radiological and nuclear weapons.   H.R. 655 will ensure that this important program continues and  becomes more robust in future years. I urge my colleagues to support  H.R. 655.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 437. Whether the result of a  naturally occurring outbreak, like Zika or Ebola, or an intentional  release of bio-pathogens, like anthrax attacks that shook Washington  immediately after 9/11, we must ensure that our public health and  medical response communities are prepared to respond to events that may  stretch their capabilities.   In recent years, the Metropolitan Medical Response System Program has  been eliminated, and grants supported by the Department of Health and  Human Services, such as the Hospital Preparedness Program, have been  cut. As a result, many jurisdictions have been forced to make tough  choices and, in many cases, divert other limited funding to support  medical preparedness.   Under current law, the Urban Area Security Initiative and the State  Homeland Security Grant Program funding can be used to bolster medical  preparedness capabilities, but the ability to use funds for that  purpose is contingent on the grant guidance issued  [[Page H798]]  every year. H.R. 437 would make enhancing medical preparedness and  medical surge capacity and capabilities eligible uses of Homeland  Security Grant funds under the law.   This measure passed in the House last Congress, and I urge my  colleagues to again support this measure.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 437. Developing and maintaining  medical preparedness is an important part of national preparedness.  State and local governments should not have to wonder whether they will  be able to use DHS grant funds for this purpose from year to year.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 437.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   