 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding, and I thank her for her leadership.   I would also say to the last speaker, this affects that 1 percent  that she was referring to.   Madam Speaker, life is precious. We are reminded of this in ways  wonderful; we are reminded of this in ways difficult. Today, I rise in  support of life. I rise in support of Micah's Law. I rise in  recognition that advancements in technology today both reveal more  about the stages of life as well as show us the promise for preserving  it.   As unpleasant as it may be, technology reveals something to us about  suffering. It now shows us that the unborn can feel pain inside the  womb.   The science is in and the science is real. At 20 weeks old,  ultrasound images reveal that unborn babies respond to unwanted  stimuli--to pain--the same exact way adults do: they recoil; they  contract.   In cases of abortion, these unborn babies are feeling pain. They  suffer. That is really hard to hear, and it is really hard to say. But  now that we are seeing scientific evidence and proof that these babies  are in pain, the question is: What do we do about it?   We can't claim ignorance. Their pain is no longer invisible to us,  and we cannot say, as a society, with a good and upright conscience,  that we can just continue to ignore it.   The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, sponsored by our  colleague Trent Franks, protects these babies by restricting abortion  to 20 weeks after fertilization occurs, the point at which science has  proven a baby can feel pain.   It is easy to turn a blind eye to the pain of others. For a moment,  you think that if we just ignore it, it will go away and it doesn't  exist. But our hearts and our minds are always going to remind us.   We cannot stop the pain of the world by turning away from it. We must  not turn away from the pain of the most vulnerable among us, the ones  who have nowhere to run to.   Madam Speaker, our humanity shines brightest when we stand up for  those who are suffering, when we protect people from pain. I simply ask  my colleagues, I implore my fellow Americans, let's be moved by this  suffering. Let's also be inspired by life.   