 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 601, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3922) to extend funding for certain public health  programs, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are here today to consider a very, very important  public health bill, H.R. 3922, the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act. This  legislation funds a 5-year extension of the Children's Health Insurance  Program, known as CHIP, along with a 2-year extension of community  health centers and numerous other critically important public health  programs.   This bill will deliver quality healthcare and peace of mind to  millions of Americans. The patients and families helped by this  legislation are our neighbors and our friends. More than 8 million  children receive CHIP-funded coverage, and more than 25 million  patients are served by our community health centers and other important  programs.   This 5-year funding of CHIP marks one of the longest extensions of  the program since it was created 20 years ago. The policy we are  considering mirrors the bipartisan policy that has been introduced and  voted out of our sister  [[Page H8457]]  committee in the United States Senate.   Funding for these important programs expired September 30. The  committee worked on a bipartisan basis well before this deadline to try  and reach a bipartisan agreement on a range of policies to offset the  costs of this very critically important funding extension.   Three times, at the request of the Democrats, we delayed committee  action--three times. We tried to find offsets that were agreeable as we  have always been able to do before. Unfortunately, that was not the  case this time. These delays meant Congress went past the deadline of  September 30.   While States still have rollover CHIP funds available and the next  wave of community health center funds won't go out until next year, we  cannot wait any longer. Patients cannot wait any longer. Patients need  care, these critical programs need funding, and we must move forward.   In my district alone, there are 12 federally qualified health center  organizations, with 63 delivery sites. They leverage $41 million in  Federal money in order to serve more than 240,000 patients in Oregon's  Second District. These health centers--and I have visited many of  them--are prevention and public health in action, often serving as the  main provider of care for people for hundreds of miles around.   We are also extending the National Health Service Corps and the  Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education program. Now, Mr.  Speaker, these are really important workforce programs that place  qualified providers into some of the most underserved areas of our  country.   In addition to community health centers and the workforce programs,  this bill extends the funding for the Special Diabetes Program and the  Family-to-Family Health Information centers, the Personal  Responsibility Program, and the Youth Empowerment Program. These  locally based, patient-centered organizations provide comprehensive  services to those most in need.   Moreover, this legislation eliminates 2 years of the across-the-board  cuts to Medicaid allotments called for under the Affordable Care Act,  ObamaCare. We delay those cuts for disproportionate share hospitals for  2 years. Medicaid DSH funding represents an important component of many  State Medicaid programs and is particularly relied upon by many States  to help provide additional resources to key safety net providers.   Now, while this relief is only temporary and does not address the  larger structural challenges under ObamaCare, it would give Congress  time to explore what budget-neutral approaches there might be to  allocate existing DSH dollars on a more equitable and fair basis. In my  State alone of Oregon, hospitals have told me this relief in this bill,  just for them, represents $6.8 million over the next 2 years that they  can use to help low-income people get access to hospital care.   Now, in paying for this package--and this is the area where we have  the most disagreement with the Democrats--we have taken a fiscally  responsible approach, like using existing funding streams for  prevention and public health efforts, ensuring high-dollar lottery  winners are removed from the Medicaid program so its limited resources  can be prioritized for the most vulnerable, and stopping individuals on  the Affordable Care Act's exchanges from gaming the system.   The bill also asks Medicare's wealthiest 1 percent, people who are  retired and making $40,000 a month--not a year, a month--to pay about  $135 more for their Medicare just on parts B and D that is already  subsidized by 75 percent, just a little more so we can fund children's  health insurance for 5 years.   While it was not ultimately possible, unfortunately, to reach  consensus on some of the policies to offset the new funding in this  bill, there is broad bipartisan agreement on the core policies  contained in this legislation, and I believe there is bipartisan  support for many of the reasonable and fiscally responsible offsets  contained in H.R. 3922.   Mr. Speaker, this is good legislation. This is long-overdue  legislation. It reflects the good work done by your House Energy and  Commerce Committee, and I urge my colleagues to put politics aside  today and ensure these vital programs get the funding extensions they  need. We are over the deadline. It is time to act.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, before I call on my next person to say  something here, there are 17,000 children in Mr. Pallone's district and  14 health centers that, if he votes ``no,'' he will be voting against.   By the way, the offset he recommended, people who are watching this  need to know, would violate statute and it would be a PAYGO violation.  That is why it was not acceptable.   See, this is the problem we faced. We delayed three times at their  request only to be offered up a pay-for that violates statute and  violates our PAYGO rules. We could not accept that. We have to operate  within the law like everyone else in America.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Burgess).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to  respond.   Mr. Speaker, my friend, and she is my friend from California,  obviously was not aware of the fact that it was her party, her leader,  who asked us on three occasions to delay bringing this to the floor,  including you could look at the CQ article from October 23 where Mr.  Pallone says he hopes it doesn't come to the floor.   This was a bipartisan agreement not to bring it until we could try to  work these things out. We were all trying to figure out how to get this  done.   When it comes to Medicare, remember, we are talking about people  making $40,000 a month paying $135 a month more. We can fully fund  children's health insurance for millions of children.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Mrs. McMorris Rodgers), the conference chairwoman.   Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  tremendous leadership on the reauthorization of CHIP, including many  vital public health programs.   CHIP provides healthcare coverage for some 9 million children--more  than a million in Washington State. We all need to remember how  important this program is for the health of some of the most  vulnerable.   Some States, like mine, are expecting to run out of CHIP funding  soon. It is crucial that we move forward now.   This bill also reauthorizes the Teaching Health Center Graduate  Medical Education program, providing funding for 2 years, with a robust  increase. This not only preserves current programs like the Spokane  Teaching Health Center, but it also provides funding for the creation  of new programs in communities that need them.   Mr. Speaker, this bill makes a real difference to those who need  healthcare, and I encourage my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I would point out there are about 50,000  kids that Mr. Green may be voting against today in the Houston area if  this goes down and we can't get this over to the Senate and work it out  with them. Twice he has voted to cut the Prevention Fund and use it for  other purposes.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey  (Mr. Lance).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Olson), a very important member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), an incredible advocate for children and  healthcare in America.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Before I call on my next colleague, I just want to point out that, in  Ms. Schakowsky's district, all we are talking about here is seniors  making $41,000 a month--a month--would pay an extra 135 bucks so we can  fully fund children's health insurance, community health centers. All  these programs in here are funded. We use the Prevention Fund, which is  not allocated out in the out-years. It is just a pot of money you can  use for prevention and wellness. We actually use that to fund this as  well.   This is why we have been unable to reach agreement with the  Democrats. It is sad they have made this partisan.   I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. Costa).    Mr. Speaker, there they go again: delay, delay, delay;  and vote against kids, vote against their hospitals, and vote against  their doctors. That is why we couldn't get agreement.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I appreciate the gentleman's sincerity. We work well together on lots  of issues. He has also voted to use this Prevention Fund for other  purposes in the past, as have I.   We don't touch the Prevention Fund for 2018, and there is $400  million left in 2019, and billions thereafter for the very important  programs the gentleman has articulated. We don't use all the money. We  leave money behind for these other purposes.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I do think it is important to note that my  friend, and he is my friend from New Jersey, has twice voted to use  this Prevention Fund for other purposes, including the 2012 middle  class tax cut.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton).   (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from  Michigan, I would just point out that when Democrats joined Republicans  in voting for the 2012 middle class tax cut, we used $6.3 billion out  of the Prevention Fund they now say they never touched, yet they have.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Michigan  (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, once again, my dear friend from California  has twice voted to use these Prevention Funds for other things. By the  way, when we use them for community health centers, they are doing this  work on the ground, helping people with opioid addictions and other  healthcare issues.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, sabotaging the Affordable Care Act; what we are doing is  putting off planned cuts to our hospitals that take care of low-income  people that those cuts called for under the Affordable Care Act. We are  putting those off so they can serve these low-income people. That, in  their language, is sabotaging the Affordable Care Act.   On the issue of using the Prevention Fund, my friend from California  who just spoke, has twice voted to use the Prevention Fund, including  for tax cuts in 2012 and for the 21st Century Cures Act last year. Now  we are using it for community health centers and children's health  insurance programs. This is an appropriate use of a fund that gets  replenished by law every year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto  Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon), whose constituents and herself have  suffered such damage, such destruction as a result of the hurricanes.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  support of H.R. 3922, the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act.   I wanted to begin by first thanking Chairman Walden and Dr. Burgess  for their leadership in moving forward this critically needed  legislation. I am particularly thankful for those in the leadership and  all of my colleagues in the Energy and Commerce Committee for including  a $1 billion allocation to temporarily address Puerto Rico's impending  ObamaCare-created medical cliff, while also providing another year of  the disproportionate share hospital relief.   To put things in perspective, when we arrived in this Congress during  January of this year, more than 1 million Puerto Ricans were facing the  imminent possibility of losing their healthcare coverage due to a  funding shortfall resulting from ObamaCare's disparate application to  the island.   We moved quickly during the appropriations bill, and they allocated  $295 million to improve that situation. In this bill, we are allocating  $1 billion for Puerto Rico's Medicaid program. This is an important  step, but we still need to secure a permanent and equitable solution to  Puerto Rico's longstanding Medicaid inequalities, and that means  changing the FMAP for the island.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   How cynical what we just heard. How cynical.   Ms. Velazquez has 43,000 children in CHIP, $2 billion in DSH cuts in  her district, 43 health centers, and she is going to vote against $1  billion for the citizens of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands because  that is not enough.   Yes, we need to do more, so her answer is vote ``no'' today and deny  $1 billion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Norman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Wow. We are fully funding CHIP for 5 years. We are fully funding our  community health centers for 2 years. We are taking care of programs  for our citizens who have diabetes. And the pay-for that they are  objecting to most is we are asking the wealthiest seniors in America,  those making $40,000 a month, to pay $135 more for their Medicare so we  can do this work that is so important.   How ironic. How cynical. This is a pay-for that has been used before  for other programs. President Obama himself suggested in a budget that,  instead of the top earners, the $480,000 a year, a couple making over  $800,000 a year pay a little more as we do here, take it all the way  down to $80,000 a year.   We didn't do that. We just said, if you are making $480,000 a year,  roughly $40,000 a month, you will pay $135 more. They will not vote for  that cut to fund children's healthcare. We will.   That is what is going on here. This is where we could never get them  off dead center to make this bipartisan. It is a tragedy this is not a  bipartisan bill as it always has been. I, three times, delayed moving  this forward, including crossing the deadline of September 30, to try  to find common ground that would be bipartisan, and we could never get  there because they would never yield in a way where we could find  common ground.   So we must go to the Senate from here and we must get our work done  for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I get a time count, please, on how much  each side has remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I will just point out that the gentleman who  just spoke has voted to cut the Prevention Fund before to use it for  other purposes.  [[Page H8464]]    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, let's get this back where it belongs. We are  fully funding the Children's Health Insurance Program for 5 years and  community health centers for 2 years. The only sabotage of the  Affordable Care Act going on here today is stopping cuts for hospitals  in our districts that serve low-income people that would otherwise  occur under the Affordable Care Act. We do that for 2 years.   The Democrats don't think seniors making $40,000 a month--$40,000 a  month--should pay an extra $135 for their part B and part D Medicare so  we can take care of our community health centers and children who need  health insurance.   We delayed this bill coming to the floor at a bipartisan request to  find a bipartisan solution that was elusive, sadly. We have never had  this problem before, but we have it today. We must act.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of  order.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion  to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, today, Members of this House can deliver  peace of mind to parents of over 8 million low-income children who  depend on the Children's Health Insurance Program. The House can extend  funding for important public health programs, including resources for  the critical work community health centers do in our communities and in  my district and yours. This bill will help deliver much-needed  healthcare resources to our friends and fellow citizens in the Virgin  Islands and in Puerto Rico.   Yet we have heard complaints about how this package is paid for.  Well, let us be clear how this bill funds healthcare for kids and  important public health priorities like community health centers.   In paying for this package, we have taken a fiscally responsible and  reasonable approach. Our bill funds kids' healthcare by allowing States  to dis-enroll lottery winners--these are winners making $80,000 or  above--from the low-income Medicaid program. We ensure high-dollar  lottery winners are removed from the Medicaid program so that those  resources can go to Medicaid-eligible, low-income people in our  districts.   Our bill directs funding from the Prevention and Public Health Fund  to finance important prevention and public  [[Page H8473]]  health needs, like funding the National Health Service Corps, Teaching  Health Center Graduate Medical Education, Family-to-Family Health  Information Centers, and community health centers. If these are not  important programs for prevention, wellness, and public health, I don't  know what are.   Our bill before us today, which I predict will have bipartisan  support, directs funds from the Prevention Fund for important public  health priorities that have long had bipartisan support. We are using a  bipartisan fund to pay for bipartisan healthcare support for health and  wellness, which was its intent from the beginning.   Most recently, nearly every House Republican and Democrat supported  this idea just a year ago. Just a year ago, when we passed the 21st  Century Cures Act, we said: Here is a health and wellness fund and a  Prevention Fund that makes sense for cures, make sense for, we believe  today, our community health centers, and for Children's Health  Insurance.   Our bill also asks the wealthiest among us, the 1 percent of  beneficiaries, those making $40,000 a month, over half-a-million  dollars a year--that is an individual--to pay a little more to help  fund health insurance for low-income children. I think they are willing  to do that, and I think we should be as well.   On multiple budgets, President Obama said this is a reasonable way to  pay for other priorities. That was bipartisan. It is bipartisan today.   These reasonable pay-fors have been opposed by some in the Democratic  leadership. Some House Democrats want to use children's healthcare and  funding for community health centers as a bargaining chip for a bigger  end-of-the-year goulash, yet kids and our frontline providers can't  wait any longer.   In just a few weeks, States like Minnesota run out of funding for the  Children's Health Insurance Program. At the request of my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle, we have agreed to postpone it time and  again, but time has run out. The negotiations did not end as we all  hoped they would.   But we can't wait any longer. It is time for this House to deliver  peace of mind to the families that rely on these critical programs. It  is time to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the motion to  recommit and to approve the underlying bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   