 Madam President, I rise to speak about the nomination of  Professor Stephanos Bibas, on whom we have just invoked cloture, but  before I do that, I want to take a quick moment to observe that we had  a big development today--a big development in that the House of  Representatives, the majority Ways and Means Committee members, led by  Kevin Brady and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, have unveiled a tax  reform plan that is a very exciting step forward in our ambition to  bring tax relief and is a direct pay raise to hard-working Americans  whom we represent, creating an environment where we could have much  stronger economic growth and much more opportunity and rising wages for  the American people.   So I congratulate Chairman Brady and all the members of the Ways and  Means Committee. I know this process has a long way to go, but they are  off to a great start with a very solid bill. I look forward to  continuing to work with my colleagues on the Finance Committee as we  finalize our version of the pro-middle-class, pro-growth tax reform,  and I am excited to see that step forward.   Madam President, let me get back to the issue of the candidacy of  Professor Stephanos Bibas and say how enthusiastically I support his  candidacy to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Third Circuit.   I thank the President for nominating Professor Bibas, I thank  Chairman Grassley for moving Professor Bibas through the nomination  process of his committee, and I thank Leader McConnell for bringing  Professor Bibas's nomination to the floor. I also thank my colleagues  who just voted to invoke cloture so that later today we can vote to  confirm this terrifically well-qualified man to a really important  court.   Let me touch on some of his qualities. Professor Bibas has a  tremendous wealth of experience in the law as a legal scholar and a  practicing attorney, so much so that the American Bar Association voted  to give him a unanimous rating of ``well-qualified,'' and let me tell  you why. No. 1, he starts with outstanding academic credentials.  Professor Bibas graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from  Columbia University, and he did so at the age of 19. After Columbia, he  studied at Oxford University in England and earned his law degree from  Yale University.   He has clerked at the highest levels of our Federal court system. He  clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy and Judge  Patrick Higginbotham on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth  Circuit.   The fact is, Professor Bibas is an accomplished legal scholar. For 16  years, he has served as law professor at two outstanding universities-- the University of Iowa College of Law and the University of  Pennsylvania School of Law. Professor Bibas has been a prolific author  whose academic writings are frequently cited by the U.S. Supreme Court,  courts of appeals, and other law professors. He has written two books  and more than 60 articles, many of which have focused on criminal law  and procedures. In fact, in his writings, he has expressed views  regarding criminal justice reform that I suspect many of my Democratic  colleagues would share. For instance, Professor Bibas has criticized  what he sees as the overuse of plea bargains in our courts as being  unfair to criminal defendants who then never get their day in court.   So there is no question that Professor Bibas has very extensive  academic credentials, but he is also an experienced attorney. He has  served on both sides of our criminal justice system. He has been a  prosecutor, and he  [[Page S6983]]  has been a defense attorney. He has a balanced perspective from both  sides of this part of our judicial system. He served as a Federal  prosecutor in New York City, where he prosecuted over 100 criminal  cases.   Currently, he is the director of the Supreme Court Clinic at the  University of Pennsylvania. Professor Bibas also argued six cases  before the U.S. Supreme Court. He won a landmark U.S. Supreme Court  decision for a criminal defendant in the Padilla v. Kentucky case, a  case that held criminal defense attorneys must advise their noncitizen  clients about the deportation risk associated with a guilty plea. That  was a Professor Bibas case. He has represented dozens of other clients  before the Supreme Court, and most of those cases were pro bono  clients--clients he did not charge any fees because they couldn't  afford experienced counsel. He voluntarily provided that service for  them.   Over the course of the work he has done, as a result of the work he  has done for the Supreme Court, he has been praised by both Justices  Kagan and Ginsberg. Justice Ginsberg praised him as ``among the very  best of lawyers presenting cases to the Supreme Court.''   I hope all of my colleagues will support Professor Bibas's  nomination. He has outstanding credentials, he has a wealth of  experience, and I hope everyone will see that in his background.   I must state I am disappointed that Senator Durbin, our colleague  from Illinois, has stated that he opposes Professor Bibas's nomination.  Senator Durbin has stated that his opposition is because of an  unpublished academic paper that Professor Bibas drafted in 2009. In  that paper, he proposed the consideration of the use of corporal  punishment as an alternative to imprisonment for certain criminal  offenses, but Professor Bibas has stated unequivocally that he decided  not to publish the paper because he realized that idea was wrong, was  deeply offensive, and he does not support corporal punishment for  criminals.   Professor Bibas also testified at his confirmation hearing that he  fully understands and respects the difference between the role of a  professor who considers theoretical questions and writes about them, on  the one hand, versus, on the other hand, a judge who is deciding cases  that impact the lives of real people.   One of the most important reasons I am an enthusiastic supporter of  Professor Bibas is his clear understanding of the role of a judge in  the American constitutional system. From my review of his record and  from my conversation with him, it is clear he understands the proper  role of a judge is to apply the law, including the Constitution, as  written and not to make policy himself and that his obligation is to  treat everyone absolutely equally, regardless of race, sex, wealth,  political affiliation, political connections, or anything else.   Unfortunately, many liberals and progressives have a very different  view of a judge. Many of my colleagues and others believe the  Constitution is a living document, by which they mean that it really  means whatever a judge decides it means. Under this view, changes to  the law and Constitution can be made by unelected, unaccountable judges  who then substitute their policy preference for the preference of the  American people as reflected in their elected representatives. Some who  hold this view even think judges should take into account such factors  as a person's race, sex, wealth, or political affiliation in deciding  cases. In my view, that is a deeply flawed view of the law and is  fundamentally inconsistent with the principles of the separation of  powers that is essential to our democracy, the sovereignty of the  American people, and the fair and equal application of the law to all  people. Contrary to this view, Professor Bibas understands the proper  role of a judge is to apply the law as written and to treat everyone  who comes before him equally, not to impose his policy preferences or  impose the law differently for different people.   Finally, let me say a word about Professor Bibas's temperament and  suitability for the bench. I think it is very clear that not only does  he understand the role a judge is supposed to play, but he is a man of  character and of a temperament that makes him very fit to be a judge. I  will give you an example. In one letter of support for his nomination,  a bipartisan group of 121 law professors from across the ideological  spectrum stated that ``his fair-mindedness, conscientiousness, and  personal integrity are beyond question.''   In another quote, ``We have no doubt that his judicial temperament  will reflect these qualities and that he will faithfully discharge his  duty to apply the law fairly and evenhandedly in all matters before  him.''   I am very pleased and proud to support Professor Bibas's nomination  to the Third Circuit. I am completely confident he has the intellect,  experience, temperament, and respect for the limited role of a judge in  our system, those attributes that are necessary for him to excel as a  Federal appellate judge, and I am pleased to speak on behalf of this  highly qualified nominee. I urge all of my colleagues to support his  confirmation.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule  XXII, all postcloture time on the Bibas nomination expire at 1:45 p.m.  today.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Maryland.   