 Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be on the floor here  this afternoon with my friend and colleague, Congressman Walden, who is  going to talk at great length--maybe not, but he could.   This represents, hopefully, the culmination of over 12 years' work.  Congressman Walden and I spent a good deal of time with stakeholders  back in Oregon focusing on what needed to be done to protect the  treasure that is Mt. Hood and the surrounding wilderness area.   It culminated with a hike that we took around Mt. Hood--a 3-day  camping trip with Congressman Walden, his  [[Page H1332]]  family, our staff, having a series of meetings with people who cared  about the work. It was, for me, one of the most memorable experiences I  have had as a Member of the House, both in terms of the delightful  experience we had enjoying that wilderness area, but also being able to  focus on things that were concrete, that would make a difference.   This is the remaining piece. In fact, it was 8 years ago in the first  hours of the first Obama administration that the legislation that we  worked on as part of the Wilderness Act was signed into law. And as has  been referenced by our friend from California, we have been here before  trying to complete this last piece.   The land exchange is necessary to be able to fully realize the  benefits of the hard work of the stakeholders, to preserve the  recreational benefits, to preserve the water, to be able to have a true  win-win situation. All that remains is this little exchange.   I know my colleague is frustrated, as am I, that we have to be back  here again with a piece of legislation. I am hopeful, as it was in the  past, the House will approve, that our friends in the Senate will  follow through, and that, somehow, this time it won't be a casualty in  conference. It is important to be able to finish this land exchange to  realize the potential of the hard work that people back in Oregon have  done with us to be able to realize the benefit of this hard work.   I actually will just stop at this point. I look forward to hearing  from my friend. I look forward to making sure we get this across the  finish line so that this important, bipartisan piece of legislation is  finally enacted into law and that we have the Forest Service follow  through on the last elements of this critical land exchange.   