 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule to  provide consideration of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act.   I want to start by thanking Mr. Newhouse, Chairman Sessions, and the  entire Rules Committee for the time and work that they spent preparing  this rule. I appreciate the committee's time, attention, and interest  in the work of the Agriculture Committee.   I am especially gratified by their support of my push to authorize  all of the unauthorized agencies and programs under our committee's  jurisdiction. Last Congress, we came very close, but we fell one agency  short. The Commodities Future Trading Commission ended the year as it  began it, unauthorized.   The Commission, in fact, has not been reauthorized since October  2013. And since that time, the House of Representatives have voted  twice to fix that problem. The most recent effort was in June of 2015.  Tomorrow, if we pass H.R. 238, will be the third time this House has  done its work on this oversight business. Under this rule, we have the  opportunity to pick up where we left off and resume the House's debate  on the Commodity End-User Relief Act.   The text of H.R. 238 is identical to the legislation passed by this  House last Congress, except for four changes:   First, we included a specific annual spending authorization level,  and it is set at the same level as last year's appropriations. This  ensures compliance with the majority leader's floor protocols on both  specific authorization levels and discretionary CutGo.   Next, two sections were removed because they were already signed into  law.   Finally, we removed a section that required the Commission to report  to Congress on the status of a pending Board of Trade registration  application. That application has been approved, so there is no longer  a reason for the Commission to comply with that language.   Other than those four changes, the text of H.R. 238 includes every  word passed by this House last Congress, including amendments offered  by Mr. Gallego to encourage diversity in the Office of the Chief  Economist, as well as Mr. Takai to identify information security  vulnerabilities.   This bill does not just reauthorize the CFTC. It also makes important  process reforms and targeted changes to help Main Street businesses  continue to access the risk management tools that they need to serve  their customers.   Over the past 4\1/2\ years, the House Committee on Agriculture has  held almost two dozen hearings examining the Commission and  investigating the impacts that the Dodd-Frank Act has had on  derivatives markets. What we have found is that some of the rules have  had unintended consequences for farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and  other businesses who use these markets to protect themselves from  uncertainty.   Our witnesses, many of whom were market participants struggling to  comply with burdensome rules and ambiguous portions of underlying  statute, were consistent in their call for relief. To address their  concerns, H.R. 238 makes reforms that fall into three broad categories:  customer protections, commission reforms, and end-user relief.   The Commodity End-User Relief Act does not roll back any of the key  reforms made under Dodd-Frank. What it does, however, is allow Congress  to keep its promise to Main Street America: Main Street did not cause  the financial crisis, so Main Street should not have to pay for it.  They shouldn't have to pay for it with new fees. They shouldn't have to  pay for it in new compliance obligations. They shouldn't have to pay  for it in higher transactions costs. And they shouldn't have to pay for  it in lost opportunities to manage their business risks.   I would like to close by thanking Chairman Austin Scott and Ranking  Member David Scott for doing much of the heavy lifting on the  committee's issues. The two of them got deep into the weeds of  financial reform.   I would also like to thank Mr. Lucas, who is a sponsor emeritus of  this bill. We have been working on this issue since he was chairman,  and much of the bipartisan work he did remains in this bill.   I urge adoption of this rule and support for all the amendments that  were made in order.   