 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 23, the  Gaining Responsibility on Water Act, or GROW Act, which I am a proud  cosponsor.   This bill takes an important step in protecting the water security of  Californians and the food supply integrity of the United States.   As all of my colleagues from California know, the recent Western  drought nearly crippled our State's agriculture industry and  compromised the standard of living for all our constituents by raising  prices at the grocery stores throughout the country. Mr. Chairman,  while we can't control the weather, we can take steps to mitigate its  potentially harmful effects.   I always like it when people say: Can we just scrap the bill? Or can  we start over? Or can we work together on that?   That is just code for: please stop talking about water; please stop  bringing issues to the floor where we can fix something. And that is  what we hear today quite frequently.   One of the most baffling facets of this story is the fact that there  were readily available water sources that could have been utilized but  were held up by outdated regulations and red tape. Although we have  received some relief from the drought this year, it would be a disgrace  for us as lawmakers not to learn from this ordeal.   Mr. Chairman, we are blessed to live in the most developed Nation in  the world where Americans only notice the absence of basic necessities,  as opposed to other nations where people are found wanting of them.   Unfortunately, due to the misguided policies of the past, that is the  situation so many families and businesses find themselves in.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my friend Mr. Valadao for his continued  leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 23.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2810, the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This bill is  the result of mindful deliberation and absolute dedication to our  Nation's soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. I am proud to be  standing here with fellow members of the Armed Services Committee and  speak to the merits of this legislation.   In particular, the acquisition reforms in this bill will help get  proven, advanced equipment in the hands of servicemembers faster and  for a better price. This bill brings much-needed innovation to the way  defense acquisition personnel spend taxpayer dollars and the way  commercial businesses engage with the U.S. Government.   It prioritizes oversight of service contracts. This type of contract  accounts for over 50 percent of DOD contract expenditures, which up to  now was unclear and unanalyzed. It will help secure a better value for  precious dollars spent through reforms in the contract auditing  process.   The small-business industrial base is a critical part of DOD  procurement. Our small businesses have a unique ability to strengthen  our contracting process by driving innovation and competition in the  marketplace. It is important that we create opportunities for these  contractors and strengthen entrepreneurial development programs and  help eliminate barriers of entry and diversify our industrial base.   