 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of  the American Health Care Act and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  the bill.   ObamaCare was built on broken promises. President Obama said you  could keep your policy, keep your doctor, and it would bring down the  cost of the insurance for a family of four by $2,500 per year.   It is time for the lies to stop. Let me share with Members the  shameful reality of ObamaCare in South Carolina.   It turns out you couldn't keep your doctor. In fact, the Medical  University of South Carolina is not an accepted provider under  ObamaCare in South Carolina. That is right. South Carolinians cannot go  to the Medical University of South Carolina if they are  [[Page H2430]]  covered by ObamaCare exchange policies.   It turns out you couldn't keep your policy. It is hard to believe,  but more South Carolinians had their plans canceled by ObamaCare than  have enrolled in the exchanges. 237,000 South Carolinians' policies  were canceled in ObamaCare.    It turns out South Carolinians did not see a $2,500 reduction in  their healthcare premiums. In fact, premiums have increased by double  digits every year since the exchange opened; and this year, premiums  increased 28 percent and deductibles 26 percent.   I submit to you that if you have a health insurance policy with  $6,000 in deductibles and copays so high you can't afford to use your  policy, regardless of the fact that statistics say you are covered, you  are not covered.   206,000 South Carolinians have signed up for ObamaCare--4 percent of  the population. Ninety-six percent of South Carolinians are not on  ObamaCare. Three times as many people in South Carolina have chosen to  pay the mandate penalty rather than to pick up ObamaCare policies.   Mr. Speaker, President Obama promised South Carolinians we would have  many competitive plans to choose from, but after only 3 years of  Obama's damage to our healthcare system, only one provider remains, and  they are threatening to pull out.    The CEO of a major hospital in South  Carolina stated, the way it is going right now, it is probably going to  implode in the next year or two. Our State's director of insurance,  last year, said companies have given their best shot and can't sustain  this business model, can't make a profit. The Affordable Care Act has  not worked, does not work, and cannot work under this structure in  South Carolina.   