 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the McGovern-  [[Page H5840]]  Emmer amendment, which would simply create a service medal to be  awarded to atomic veterans or their surviving family members in honor  of their service and sacrifice to our Nation.   Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces  participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic  veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were  constantly exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation in the  performance of their duties. They were sworn to secrecy, unable to even  talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation.   Thankfully, Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized  the atomic veterans' value and service and acted to provide specialized  care and compensation for their harrowing duty.   In 2007, our allies, Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia,  enacted their versions of this amendment by authorizing a medal to  honor their atomic veterans who served with the United States.   Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring the service of  our atomic veterans, arguing that to do so would diminish the service  of other military personnel who are tasked with dangerous missions. Mr.  Chairman, this is a pitiful excuse.   Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already  passed away, never having received this recognition. They served  honorably and kept a code of silence. Because of that, it most  certainly led to many of these veterans passing away prematurely.   Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier  issues of legality in compensation. What remains is recognizing these  veterans' duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. Time is  running out. That is what this amendment seeks to do.   I call upon my House colleagues to support this amendment that I,  along with my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. Emmer), have introduced. We  owe it to our veterans to recognize their selfless service to our  Nation.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Emmer).    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Emmer for his support, and I  want to thank Chairman Thornberry and Ranking Member Smith for their  support in the past.   As the chairman of the Armed Services Committee has stated, the House  has, by voice vote, approved this twice before in the NDAA bills.  Unfortunately, the Senate has chosen to not respect the wishes of the  House, so I think it is important that we show a strong bipartisan vote  on this. So I will ask for a recorded vote because I think it is  important to send a signal to the Senate that we are serious about this  and we are serious about honoring our Atomic Veterans.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   