 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2370, introduced by Representative Gaetz, settles a  longstanding land management issue in his Florida district.  Specifically, the bill transfers land associated with the former Santa  Rosa Island National Monument to Escambia County. Once it is  transferred to Escambia County, the bill authorizes a second transfer  to Santa Rosa County, without any conditions or further restrictions.   The land in question was provided to the county by the Federal  Government in 1947 under the condition it remain in use for a public  purpose. In 1956, the county decided a 100-year lease to neighboring  Santa Rosa County was in the public interest. In the 61 years since,  the counties have grown and prospered, but due to the terms of the  original conveyance and subsequent lease, there is some confusion about  Santa Rosa County's power to tax.   This bill will clear up some administrative challenges that have  arisen out of this unusual arrangement, a goal that we support.  However, it will also allow for developments that conflict with the  terms of the original conveyance.   As drafted, this bill authorizes activities that will do significant  environmental damage to a fragile coastal barrier island and  potentially lead to the privatization of land on Santa Rosa Island.  Neither of these results is in the public interest or consistent with  congressional intent.   Congress granted Escambia County this land with one condition, which  this bill completely ignores. We understand how important this bill is  for Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties, but honoring the original intent  of this land grant is as important as well.   It is our hope that we can work with our colleagues in the Senate to  make improvements to this legislation that will continue to protect the  interests of the American taxpayers in this land deal.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I appreciate my friend from  California for that explanation. Hopefully, my colleague,  Representative Gaetz, will try to strike a balance between protecting  our environment, protecting the pristine nature of that island, as well  as looking out for the best interests of his constituents when this  bill gets to the Senate. So, therefore, we will not oppose it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the African American Civil  Rights Network Act of 2017, updated and bipartisan legislation that I  was proud to introduce along with my distinguished colleague from  Missouri's Eighth Congressional District, Congressman Jason Smith. I  appreciate his leadership and true friendship as well.   Our legislation, which has already earned 72 cosponsors, would  authorize the National Park Service to establish a program to preserve  and protect the memory of the people and places that were significant  in the struggle to securing equal rights for African Americans during  the 20th century's civil rights era between 1939 and 1968.   The purpose of this legislation is to recognize, protect, and share  the remarkable American story of the modern struggle for civil rights,  a unique national experience that touches every American regardless of  their age, region, or heritage, and yet this very American story is  often left untold, without the level of honesty and accuracy that it  surely deserves.   In fact, the generation now coming of age has only scant knowledge of  the history of the civil rights struggle. Young Americans find it  difficult to believe that racial segregation was once considered normal  and necessary in the United States.   I truly believe that the healing potential for this legislation is  essential to bringing our Nation together. The historic network that  H.R. 1927 would create would offer tremendous educational opportunities  by recognizing those brave souls from all walks of life who fought to  make the promises enshrined in our Constitution finally ring true for  every American regardless of the color of their skin.   Across this great country, precious historic waypoints along the  routes of that still largely untold story are at risk of being lost  forever.   My hope is that the historic civil rights trails and the programs  that will grow from this act will honestly tell the truth, the full and  sometimes painful story of the struggle for civil rights, not just for  African Americans, but to foster healing, tolerance, and understanding  among all Americans.   This bill is similar to legislation that created the National  Underground Railroad Network to Freedom Act of 1998, which is currently  administered by the National Park Service. It directs the Secretary of  the Interior to identify and create a national network of historic  sites, stories, research facilities, and educational programs connected  to the modern African-American civil rights movement.   This legislation has also earned the strong support of the National  Urban League, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the  National Parks Conservation Association, and the NAACP.   Mr. Speaker, let me also commend the gentleman from California for  his support of this legislation that came out of his subcommittee. I  appreciate his help and strong support of it.   I look at this opportunity as something that we should all want to  embrace the transformative power of the real American story. We should  seize it. This bill advances that worthy goal for our Nation, and I  urge my colleagues to support this important act.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to commend my  colleague, Mrs. Love from Utah. And it goes to show you that we can  reach across the aisle and find common ground. I appreciate her support  of this legislation, as well as I urge my colleagues to vote in favor  of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   