 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi) very much not only for the focus and the passion that he  shows for this very important issue of trying to ensure that we have  health care for all Americans, but also for the leadership he has  demonstrated over the years. He and I have worked together in  California on so many different issues.   The Affordable Care Act, as we know, has provided health care for  over 20 million Americans. Since its implementation over 6 years ago,  the ACA in my district, which is Fresno, Madera, and Merced Counties,  located in the San Joaquin Valley, has decreased the uninsured rate  from 22 percent to 11 percent. It is cut in half.   I have a marvelous, wonderful district that I take great pride in  representing. It is one of the largest agricultural areas in the  country. It has significant wealth, but, sadly, it has significant  poverty. It is the combination of those two that make it a place where  immigrants have come for decades--immigrants past and immigrants  present--to make a better life for themselves.   Mr. Speaker, 19,000 individuals in my district have received  financial assistance and have been able to purchase coverage through  the Covered California marketplace, and 121,000 individuals in my  district are now covered by the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid  expansion.   The cuts that are proposed in this Republican proposal would  devastate those individuals not only in my district, but in Congressman  Garamendi's district and throughout the valley. My Republican  colleagues, the five of us from Modesto down to Bakersfield, almost  500,000 people today have insurance coverage that did not have it 6  years ago.   Let me give you some real examples. Tom lives in Fresno, California.  He is 57 years old. In 2015, due to a major heart attack, he had to  leave his job of 29 years. Tom's health insurance, though, did not  lapse because, as a result of the Affordable Care Act, he gained  affordable health coverage insurance through the Covered California  marketplace. In addition, his family wrote to my office saying that  they cannot envision his recovery being a success had it not been for  the ACA.   Another one of my constituents, John, who lives in Fresno, told my  office that without the ACA, he and his wife would not have been able  to afford cancer surgery for his wife. She is now cancer-free. And we  know how expensive that can be.   Austin, one of those Americans who volunteered to serve his Nation, a  Vietnam veteran who lives in my district, told my office that his wife  was paying $830 a month before the Affordable Care Act. Now she can  afford health care at $400 a month--cut in half.   Not every story with the ACA is a success story. It is not perfect.  There are problems with the act. We should be working on it.   I remember, Congressman Garamendi, when you were the insurance  commissioner of California, and one of the areas that you developed a  lot of expertise and experience on was how to deal with the insurance  industry. Certainly there are improvements that can be made. There are  small-business owners in my district who say that the ACA raises costs  and does not provide enough insurance options for themselves or their  employees. So we need to work together to fix the provisions in the law  that drive up the costs and weaken the insurance marketplace.   This month, the American Health Care Act was introduced to repeal and  replace the ACA by our Republican colleagues. I do not believe the  American Health Care Act is a serious solution to fixing the problems  we have in the ACA. The legislation we know would provide less  financial help to low-income families and seniors whom we both  represent. The American Health Care Act would dramatically change the  way we finance Medicaid by shifting from an open-ended reimbursement  system to a person allotment or block grant which will cap the amount  of money in California that receive Medicaid, and that is dramatic and  devastating.   This would force California to choose how to allocate increasingly a  smaller number of Medicaid dollars and would decrease the care  available to Medicaid beneficiaries which Congressman Garamendi and I  care deeply about. Thousands of individuals in the San Joaquin Valley  would be impacted.   Additionally, the legislation will not mandate individuals to  purchase health insurance. Instead, insurers would be able to attach a  30 percent surcharge--think about that--on individuals who have a lapse  in coverage. I don't think that is going to play well in Peoria or in  California. So this will provide a disincentive for young and healthy  people to buy insurance. It is important to note that in order for the  insurance marketplace to work, there needs to be healthy people in the  system to help pay for sick people. When the Speaker said that healthy  people are subsidizing sick people, well, I am not an insurance expert,  but isn't that the way insurance works? Good drivers pay for poor  drivers, right? If you don't have a pool, a balanced pool, it doesn't  work.   One last point I want to make: passing the Affordable Care Act, I was  here in 2010, and it wasn't pretty. It took 1 year, dozens of committee  hearings in several committees, multiple versions of the bill in the  House and the Senate, and various revisions of it. We tried to get the  Republicans involved. We tried to get them to participate, and we took  amendments that they gave. But at some point, they decided that, no,  they were going to go it alone or force us to go it alone. I think they  are making the same mistake that possibly we made 6 years ago. I think  that is sad because I think the American public wants us to work  together.    Less than 1 month after introducing their repeal-and-replace bill,  which will be before us this week--and, clearly, the replace is still a  work in progress--the House is going to pass a bill on a party line  vote on Thursday maybe without an updated CBO score. I thought we were  going to have transparency, the light of day, know what taxpayers are  paying, what they are getting, and what they are not getting. I guess  not on Thursday. The CBO scores are how Congress and the public  analyzes how legislation would impact States and citizens. But we are  not working to get that vital information.   This last week I hosted a healthcare workshop to hear from all of my  hospitals, healthcare providers, clinics, doctors, and nurses to ask  what they thought of the Affordable Care Act and what we can do to fix  the law. What they told me is there are a lot of things we can do to  fix the current law to make it better. But they said the healthcare act  that is being offered as a repeal and replace is not a solution to  providing the much-needed health care we need in the San Joaquin  Valley, that we need in California, and that we need in our country.   At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, we know that working together is  how you get things done. On a bipartisan basis, we can make a  difference, but not the way we are going. So I think that the gentleman  from California's efforts and my efforts as we continue to try to urge  common sense to prevail is what we need to do. I will, unfortunately,  not be able to vote for this measure on Thursday because it really  [[Page H2286]]  is going to negatively impact hundreds and thousands of people in the  San Joaquin Valley that will lose their coverage as a result of this  repeal and replace.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his passion and his efforts.   