 Mr. President, I rise to speak to the Senate about the  nominee that is currently in front of this body and on whom we should  vote in the next few hours. We just finished a cloture vote to actually  start 30 hours of debate. In the past, we wouldn't have had 30 hours of  debate for a district court nominee, especially a district court  nominee like this. This would have been something that would have been  done by consent. We would have had a vote on this individual, rather  than burning up 30 hours of time in debate on a single individual who  just passed a cloture vote 79 to 18. This is not a controversial  nominee.   Let me introduce you to Scott Palk. Scott Palk was actually reported  out of the Judiciary Committee on June 15 of this year. He was  nominated by President Trump on May 8. He has been pending since June  15 to get a vote on this floor because of the ongoing delays for each  nominee as we go through the process.   Why do I say Scott Palk is not a controversial nominee? It is not  just the fact that he passed the cloture vote 79 to 18. Scott Palk, if  you remember his name in this body, was also a nominee of President  Obama for the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.  He is now a nominee of President Trump for the U.S. District Court for  the Western District of Oklahoma.   There may be five things total that President Obama and President  Trump agree on. Scott Palk is one of those five. This is not a  controversial nominee, and he will be a great judge for us. He will  also be a great judge in Western Oklahoma.   He currently serves as the assistant dean for students and the  assistant general counsel at the University of Oklahoma College of Law  in Norman, OK, a position he has held since 2011. He has the strong  support of the president of the University of Oklahoma, who happens to  be former Senator David Boren, a Democratic Senator from this body, who  is now leading the University of Oklahoma and has done that with great  excellence for the past two decades. He is also strongly behind this  nominee as well.   Scott Palk joined the University of Oklahoma College of Law after 19  years of public service as a State and Federal prosecutor. He graduated  in 1992 from the University of Oklahoma College of Law, where he began  his legal career as a legal intern for the district attorney's office  of district 21, serving in Cleveland, Garvin, and McClain Counties.   After graduating and passing the bar, he became an assistant district  attorney for Cleveland County, where he prosecuted a variety of crimes  and death penalty cases. In 1994, he became the multicounty drug task  force coordinator, initiating and directing the district's first wire- interception drug investigation and coordinating Federal and local  resources, culminating in the successful prosecution of a significant  multicounty methamphetamine distribution organization.   The Association of Oklahoma Narcotics Enforcers awarded him the  Prosecutor of the Year award in 1993. In 1992, he became the first  assistant district attorney for district 21 and served in a dual  prosecutorial and administrative role.   In 2002, he joined the U.S. attorney's office in the Western District  of Oklahoma, where we are pushing him to be a judge now, as an  assistant U.S. attorney, prosecuting violent crimes, gangs, and  domestic terrorism.   In 2004, he became the deputy criminal chief of the U.S. attorney's  office and served in the additional roles of violent crime, national  security coordinator, anti-terrorism, advisory council coordinator, and  crisis management coordinator.   That same year, in 2004, the Oklahoma Gang Investigators Association  awarded him the Prosecutor of the Year award. The Executive Office for  U.S. Attorneys awarded him the Director's Award for Superior  Performance.   In 2005, the Drug Enforcement Administration awarded him the  Certificate of Appreciation for Outstanding Contribution in the Field  of Drug Law Enforcement.   In his most recent role at the U.S. attorney's office, he supervised  administrative staff and assistant U.S. attorneys, handling a criminal  caseload primarily consisting of national security and organized crimes  and coordinating efforts with the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force, the  FBI foreign counterintelligence squad, and the National Security  Division of the Department of Justice.   His work in national security matters included both traditional  criminal investigations, as well as investigations utilizing provisions  of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.   In 2011, the FBI awarded him the Director's Certificate of  Appreciation for Assistance to the Joint Terrorism Task Force.   Scott Palk is eminently qualified for this task. He shouldn't be a  controversial nominee, and he should already be a judge. We are missing  three judges in the Western District of Oklahoma. President Trump  nominated him on May 8, and it is now the end of October when we can  finally get him to the floor to be able to move him.    This delay tactic, this stalling tactic that is out there, this  resist movement to try to prevent the President of the United States  from getting his staff in every agency and to prevent judges from being  able to actually go on the bench is delaying good people who are not  controversial to be able do the job that is needed in each district. He  is an individual who passed 79 to 18 on a cloture vote, and I am  confident we will not consume the next 30 hours of debate about him.  The hours will now expire as we sit in silence on the Senate floor,  waiting for us to be able to have a final vote--just delays.   I have made a proposal to my colleagues. It is not a radical  proposal. Quite frankly, it was a proposal in 2013, first proposed by a  Senator named Harry Reid: to be able to move the nominations time  period from 30 hours of just wasted time on the Senate floor to 2  hours--2 hours for district court, 2 hours for the Deputy Assistant  Secretary of whatever agency it may be, having 2 hours of debate. These  are for individuals who have already gone through committee, already  gone through extensive vetting, already moved to the floor, and who  most certainly will pass because it is a simple majority to be able to  move these individuals based on the change of rules that at that time  Senator Reid led.   Let's also do the same rule on time. Instead of 30 hours of wasted  time on the floor when we could do other things for the American  people, let's go back to the 2-hour agreement that we had in the past.  It was a simple rule of 2 hours for individuals like for district  courts and other individuals and agencies, 8 hours for higher tier  individuals, who may be for a circuit court and such, and 30 hours for  Cabinet officials.   I don't think that is an unreasonable request to make. It is a rule  that we have done in the past, and it is a rule that we need to go back  to. The American people are frustrated with the block in timing on  moving people, especially people with wide bipartisan support. No one  understands why someone who President Obama nominated and President  Trump nominated has to take up 30 hours of time on the floor on debate  when no one will really debate him and it is certain what the outcome  of these people will be.   The American people are expecting us to debate and to engage on  issues. I recommend again to this body: Let's go back to the Harry Reid  rule--2 hours of debate for individuals like this in district courts, 8  hours of debate for higher tiered courts, and 30 hours of debate for  Cabinet officials and the Supreme Court. We can do that again. We have  done that in the past, and I recommend that we move back to that, not  just for a single congressional body but as a change in the rules of  the Senate, so that, permanently, we are able to be more functional  again. A body that is  [[Page S6783]]  dysfunctional can be fixed by its own Members, moving us to a  functional set of rules. That is what I hope we would achieve in the  days ahead.   I look forward to voting for Scott Palk, whenever we finish with a  30-hour clock of time--of wasted time--to be able to move on a nominee  and to see wide bipartisan support again for a good nominee. Scott is  going to do a great job on the bench. We need him there to be able to  get started.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   