 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   While we have heard a good amount of inflammatory rhetoric, my  remarks will speak solely to the facts.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of keeping America safe. In less  than 2 years, over 8,000 undocumented immigrants, all subject to ICE  detainment, were released because of local noncooperation policies.   Sixty-three percent of those illegal aliens had prior convictions or  had been marked a public safety concern. After being released, they  went on to be rearrested nearly 4,300 times, committing nearly 7,500  new offenses.   The facts are clear: States and local governments that do not comply  with our immigration laws are putting American citizens at risk.   The U.S. Sentencing Commission found that, in 2014, 75 percent of all  criminal defendants who were convicted and sentenced for Federal drug  offenses were illegal immigrants. As of 2014, illegal immigrants made  up roughly 3.5 percent of our population but committed over 10 percent  of all murders.   Refusing to turn over criminal illegal immigrants poses a threat to  our society, our safety, and our economy. American citizens pay nearly  $19 million a day to house and care for the 450,000 criminal immigrants  in jails and prisons who are all eligible for deportation.   When cities ignore Federal immigration laws, the results are often  tragic.   The sheriff of Travis County, Texas, decided she would only turn over  illegal aliens who have committed a narrow list of crimes. Her policy  allowed one illegal alien to be released on bail despite sexually  abusing his girlfriend's 9-year-old daughter.   A Cook County sheriff released an illegal immigrant after he served a  brief domestic assault sentence, despite an ICE detainer. Soon after,  he went on to kill a 15-year-old girl.   America wept as 32-year-old Kate Steinle was killed by a stray  bullet. The illegal immigrant who shot that gun had seven previous  felony convictions.   There are thousands more stories of innocent lives lost, of families  destroyed, and of crimes that could have  [[Page H5324]]  been prevented. Every day in America, another family grieves because of  the policies of sanctuary cities.   Mr. Speaker, I rise for the protection of our citizens, the safety of  our communities, the defense of our country, and to ultimately see the  end of sanctuary cities.   