 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H6333]]    I rise in support of this measure. Let me thank Chairman Royce,  because here again is another piece of legislation from the Foreign  Affairs Committee that we have shown we can work together within a  bipartisan manner; so I am pleased to stand with the chairman.   I am also pleased to stand with the gentlewoman from Florida, former  chairman, and my good friend as well, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. She is now  chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North  Africa, along with the resolution's other lead sponsors, the  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Deutch), the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee's ranking  member, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Poe).   We are here today to talk about Americans illegally detained by the  Iranian regime, and those Americans have had no stronger champions than  the Members I have mentioned before through the years.   Mr. Speaker, it is just outrageous that the Government of Iran  continues to hold American citizens and residents on trumped-up  charges.   Siamak Namazi and his 80-year-old father, a former UNICEF official in  poor health; Baquer Namazi; Karan Vafadari, an American citizen, and  his wife, Afarin Niasari; Nizar Zakka, who was detained after attending  a conference at Iran's invitation; another American citizen who has  been kept anonymous by family for fear of that person's well-being;  and, of course, Robert Levinson, who disappeared in Iran more than 10  years ago. How cruel--10 years. His family doesn't know where he is.  His family doesn't know how he is.   This is a regime, the Iranian regime, which talks about piety and  religion, and they don't have any feeling of humankind from one person  to another.   The detainment and disappearance of these people, and citizens of  America's friends and allies, the pain and suffering and uncertainty  that their families endure every single day, and the lack of  cooperation and information coming out of Tehran, are a pretty clear  indication of how this regime operates and what its values are.   The measure we are considering today underscores what Congress has  said before: This behavior is unacceptable, and it must stop. We call  on the government in Iran to release these men and women immediately,  without precondition.   The people of Iran are the real captives of this regime, but these  American citizens are our citizens, and we demand their release. The  Government of Iran must do what it has long promised by providing  information on the disappearance of Robert Levinson, and we urge the  Trump administration to make resolving this issue a top priority.   So I am glad to stand with my colleagues on both sides to support  this measure. I, again, thank my friend from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen)  for, as always, outstanding, stellar, and heartfelt work on these  issues.   I thank Chairman Royce again, and all the people I mentioned before.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), my esteemed colleague,  friend, and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. We have  districts that are adjoining.    Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), my esteemed colleague,  friend, and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. We have  districts that are adjoining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee), who has worked tirelessly to free his  constituent from the Iranian regime.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, yesterday this House spoke in no uncertain terms, in a  bipartisan fashion, about what we think of Iran's dangerous and  destabilizing  [[Page H6335]]  behavior. An overwhelming bipartisan majority voted to slap tough new  sanctions on Iran for its ballistic missile program, for the regime's  support for terrorism, and for the awful record of human rights abuses  against the Iranian people.   Tehran should know that we mean business. We will not back down on  any of these issues, and we certainly will not forget that Americans  are being wrongfully held.   I am glad to go on record once again, along with my colleagues,  Chairman Royce, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Nita Lowey, everyone who has  spoken today, shining a line on this abuse, to put it front and center  in our foreign policy, to call on Iran's leaders to release these  people, and to say they will not be forgiven as long as these people  are unlawfully held.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes.'' I am happy  that we are bringing this important issue to the fore, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   