 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the bicentennial  of the University of Michigan. The university has adopted the motto  ``Always Leading, Forever Valiant'' for its bicentennial year--a motto  that captures its 200 years at the forefront of American academic  excellence.   The genesis of the University of Michigan predates the founding of my  home State of Michigan.   On August 26, 1817, Lewis Cass, Governor of the Michigan territory,  enacted a charter to create the University of Michigania, aligned with  territory judge Augustus Woodward's envisioned System of Universal  Science.   In 1852, the university's first president, Henry Philip Tappan,  pioneered a model of higher education in which scholars do not settle  for existing knowledge but actively pursue new knowledge through  rigorous science. This approach solidified the university's enduring  legacy as a center for scientific research and discovery.   The university has paved the way for future innovation with many  firsts throughout the 19th and 20th centuries. It was the first  university with a chemical laboratory, the first to own and operate a  hospital, the first to teach aeronautical engineering, the first public  university with dental and pharmacy schools, and the first with a  program in human genetics. Perhaps the most game-changing first--it was  the first large State university to open its doors to both men and  women.   Today, faculty and students continue to reach new firsts by answering  important research questions that will affect future generations. Take,  for instance, how the university has laid the groundwork for  breakthroughs in American mobility.   In 2015, Mcity, a public-private partnership led by the University of  Michigan, became the world's first controlled environment designed to  test connected and automated vehicle technologies. The 32-acre  simulated urban and suburban landscape is designed to support rigorous,  repeatable testing of self-driving car technologies before they are  tested on public roads and highways. This hub of innovation reflects  our State's legacy as the heart of the American auto industry and will  help lead our country into the next era of transportation.   A similar nexus between our past and future is true across nearly  every discipline that U of M's research touches--engineering, medicine,  social sciences, humanities, and more. Students and faculty are  developing new cancer treatments, creating energy-efficient batteries,  engaging in cutting-edge environmental science to protect the Great  Lakes, and building prototypes of engines to take us to Mars. That is  just to name a few.   Tied with the University of Michigan's drive to pursue knowledge is  its drive to put that knowledge into action for the greater good. At  its core, the university's mission is to serve society. This has been  demonstrated by its history of activism and civic engagement.   The university commemorates one such event that occurred on October  14, 1960. Senator John F. Kennedy, whose former desk is just a few feet  in front of me here today, delivered an unplanned speech on the steps  of the Michigan Union at 2 a.m. He challenged University of Michigan  students to work abroad in developing nations in an effort to promote  peace. These remarks laid the blueprint for the U.S. Peace Corps, which  was established in 1961.   The University of Michigan continues to have a truly global reach. It  provides a world-class education to a diverse student body of 63,000  students on its Ann Arbor, Dearborn, and Flint campuses, educating  instate, out-of-state, and international students alike. They are drawn  to the university's unfaltering endeavor to expand our  [[Page S6804]]  base of knowledge and empower individuals to leave a lasting and  positive impact on the world around them.   With more than 572,000 living alumni--including my daughter Madeline,  who just graduated this past May--the University of Michigan has one of  the largest alumni networks, full of artists, astronauts, business and  government leaders, entrepreneurs, and humanitarians, as well as Nobel  laureates in economics, medicine, and science.   The University of Michigan's many illustrious alumni include U.S.  President Gerald R. Ford, Swedish diplomat and humanitarian Raoul  Wallenberg, Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Arthur Miller, actor  James Earl Jones, civil rights leader Mary Frances Berry, Google  cofounder Larry Page, and author and scholar Robin Wright. Many more  alumni will follow in these footsteps. They share a drive to make what  is affectionately known as the Michigan Difference and, of course,  cheer for the Maize and Blue.   I would like to congratulate the University of Michigan on its  bicentennial as we look forward to a future driven by Michigan  innovation.   With that, I will close with something very simple: ``Go Blue!''   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   