 Mr. President, I want to speak about this nomination from  the standpoint of our State, our State of Florida, because we are  famous for sugar-white beaches, fertile fishing grounds, and unique  environmental treasures, such as the Florida Everglades. These precious  natural resources need our protection and our stewardship. In fact,  Florida's multibillion-dollar tourism industry is driven by the fact  that people come to our State to enjoy these kinds of environmental  treasures.   I have just come from a meeting with the American Hotel & Lodging  Association. With multibillions of dollars of investments all over  Florida, what happens if the guests don't come? That is a major  investment that is lost.   And, oh, by the way, a few years ago during the BP oil spill--when  the oil got only as far east from Louisiana as Pensacola Beach, and  some oil was in Choctawhatchee Bay and Destin and some tar balls were  as far east as Panama City Beach, but not any further--the visitors  didn't come because they thought the beaches were covered with oil.   Well, right now Florida's unique environment is threatened by several  environmental challenges, from the threat of fracking in this honeycomb  of limestone filled with freshwater that supports the peninsula of  Florida to algal blooms that have plagued much of Florida's Treasure  Coast this last year, to the red tide in the Tampa Bay area, and to  Burmese pythons in the Everglades. And that is just a little bitty  partialness of the plagues. To deal with these challenges, States such  as ours depend on the EPA as a backstop.   I am here to express my concerns about the President's pick to lead  this agency. It has been well documented that the President's pick is a  friend of the oil industry. There is nothing wrong with that. But this  is an industry that has invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in  political contributions to Mr. Pruitt and the PACs supporting him over  the years.   Ever since I was a young Congressman, I have been fighting to keep  oil rigs off the coast of Florida. In the first place, there is not a  lot of oil out there, but Florida's unique environment--from what I  just told you about, the BP oil spill--its tourism-driven economy, and,  oh, by the way, the largest testing and training area for the U.S.  military in the world, the Gulf of Mexico off of Florida, as well as  all of the testing ranges on the east coast, and how about the rockets  coming out of the  [[Page S1242]]  Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the rockets coming out of the  Kennedy Space Center--because of all of those, you can't have oil rigs  down there. For all of those reasons, it makes Florida incompatible  with offshore oil drilling. An EPA Administrator with such close ties  to the oil industry is deeply concerning for the people of Florida.    But Mr. Pruitt's ties to Big Oil aren't the only concern that we have  in Florida. During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Pruitt said that he  believes that his views on climate change are ``immaterial'' to the job  of the EPA Administrator.   Whoa, the EPA Administrator is directly involved in things that  involve climate change. I can't think of a more relevant issue for our  EPA Administrator to be concerned with because Florida is ground zero  when it comes to the effects of sea level rise.   These are not projections, not forecasts. These are measurements over  the last 40 years in South Florida. The sea has risen 5 to 8 inches.   By the way, where is three-quarters of the population of Florida? It  is along the coast. We are already seeing regular flooding at the mean  high tide in the streets of Miami Beach, and they are spending millions  on infrastructure in order to get those pumps working to get the water  off the streets and raising the level of the streets.   We are seeing the saltwater, which is heavier than freshwater, seep  into the ground where there is a honeycomb of limestone filled with  freshwater, and the seawater is seeping into the freshwater. So cities  are having to move their city well fields further to the west because  of the saltwater intrusion, and it only gets worse.   The threat Floridians face every day is a result of this sea level  rise that is very real. It is critical that we have an EPA  Administrator that understands that there are things that are happening  because of climate change. It is not immaterial to the job of the EPA  Administrator; it is very relevant.   There is Mr. Pruitt's history of questioning science, especially when  the facts conflict with his friends, whom he surrounds himself with,  about the effects of science. So whether it is protecting Florida's  livestock from deadly parasites or protecting the air we breathe,  science informs policy decisions that affect all of us--clean water,  clean air. It affects public health, national security, and the  environment.   Yet we continue to see troubling reports about scientists being  muzzled from the State level all the way up to the Federal level in the  EPA. So it just seems that this is unacceptable. Our scientists should  be free to publish scientific data and not be muzzled. They should be  able to publish their reports without fear of losing their jobs or  being censored for using phrases like ``climate change.''   That is why I recently sponsored legislation to protect our  scientists from political interference. The Scientific Integrity Act  would ensure that Federal scientists can communicate their findings  with the public. It requires Federal agencies to implement and enforce  scientific integrity policies and ensure that procedures are in place  so that if those policies are violated, it is known and there is a  procedure to deal with that.   I conclude by stating that Floridians and the State of Florida cannot  risk the health of our environment or our economy on an EPA  Administrator who pals around with folks that do all of what I am  talking about--they question our scientists, denying the true threat we  face from sea level rise and climate change. Floridians can't afford  such a risk, and they shouldn't be forced to take this risk. Therefore,  I will vote no on Mr. Pruitt's nomination to be EPA Administrator.   Mr. President, I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to  Senator Carper.    I yield the floor.   