 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his  leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Emmer) for taking a lead on this important legislation.   As an elected official, I have the opportunity to interact with  individuals across my district who strive to create new or expand  existing small businesses. These are folks who work hard to provide for  their families and serve as the backbones of their communities.   Unfortunately, for many entrepreneurs, overregulation has stifled  their ability to innovate and grow. The National Federation of  Independent Business published a recent study showing that 30 percent  of small business respondents cited taxes, regulations, and red tape as  their most significant business problem.   While certain sectors are reaping the benefits of a strong economy,  the reality is that startups and small businesses are sitting on the  sidelines with limited access to credit. It is something I hear about  from businessmen and -women every single day, be they bankers,  retailers, farmers, doctors, and every profession in between.   We also know that many startups and businesses have historically  turned to local financial institutions for initial financing. In the  years after passage of Dodd-Frank, small bank lending is down  dramatically, leaving many commercial customers scrambling to find  other forms of reasonably priced financing.   Across the board, we are enabling a burdensome system that penalizes  entrepreneurship. We need to reverse course if we want to see a  resurgence of small business creation and growth.   H.R. 2201 is commonsense legislation that seeks to reverse one  impediment to entrepreneurship. Mr. Emmer's bill offers a thoughtful  approach to a problem that has hindered and, in some cases, prevented  small offerings across the Nation. It will appropriately scale Federal  rules and regulatory compliance and will allow small businesses to  access the capital necessary for growth.   More specifically, this legislation will exempt certain nonpublic  micro offerings from the SEC requirements. The bill features guardrails  that allow for investor protection and subjects any and all exempted  micro offerings to the full suite of Federal and State antifraud laws.   The result will be a less burdensome regulation that stifles  innovation and increases access to capital for startups and small  businesses that comply with the parameters included in the bill. This  bill is about Main Street, about the small-business men and women in  each of our districts.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank and applaud the gentleman from  Minnesota for his hard work on this legislation, and I ask my  colleagues to join me in voting in favor of the legislation.   