 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1873,  the bipartisan Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act.   I want to thank my colleague from California (Mr. LaMalfa) for  working with me on this important legislation that will bring much- needed consistency and accountability throughout the Federal land  management agencies.   This bill is just common sense. Putting it quite simply, we are just  helping our utilities better enhance safety and reliability of the grid  and protecting against wildfires and blackouts.   Contrary to what some folks have asserted, this is actually a  bipartisan bill supported by quite a few Democrats. This bill is  especially vital for most of those in the West, where much of our land  is federally owned.   Many of your utilities' and co-ops' service territory can be more  than 50 percent federally managed. We have witnessed extreme variations  and approaches not only between the Forest Service and the BLM, but  within the management agency districts themselves.   Jim Pena, out in Oregon: ``There is little consistency from agency to  agency, district to district, or even within the same offices.'' This  is the Forest Service talking.   We read and listened to the specter of big companies coming in and  clear-cutting our Federal lands. I respectfully suggest that that is  why we need these vegetative management plans. They are short, concise,  deal with only the utility's right-of-way and the land adjacent to it  that could cause problems.   I wonder sometimes what the heck folks are talking about. We have  heard complaints about absolving companies from liability. That is not  true. What we are saying is, if the Secretary fails to allow the  utility to manage the vegetation on Federal lands or adjacent right-of- way in a way that is consistent with their approved vegetative  [[Page H5025]]  management plan that they have worked out with them or if the hazard  tree or tree is in imminent danger of contacting an electricity line,  the utility will not be held liable for wildfire damage or loss. It  does not absolve a utility from liability if they are negligent or act  in a way that is inconsistent with their vegetative management plan.   I give you a great example our colleague from Arizona talked about.  In Oregon, a rural co-op requested trimming some dangerous trees along  the rights-of-way by the Forest Service. The Forest Service denied the  request. A tree fell on the power line, sparked a fire. The utility was  held responsible for paying for that fire when they had actually  brought the issue to them in the first place. That is ridiculous.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1873.   