 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to address the  House on this issue. I hear so much from my friends on the other side  that I agree with, and I very much would like to work closely with  them.   I point out to the chairman of the Joint Economic Committee, my  friend from Ohio, that while we have the highest corporate rate in the  world, 35 percent, which is clearly not desirable, I served in  Switzerland for 4 years, where there were 700 American companies  because the tax rate was so much lower. Yet that 35 percent rate, in  actuality, turned out to be less than 14 percent across all American  corporations, and a quarter of American corporations pay zero.   As we look at refining this, it is not just about dropping that rate.  It is about making sure that every American corporation pays a fair  share of their taxes to the U.S. citizens.   I rise in opposition to the Republican budget resolution. Budget  resolutions, by their nature, are political documents. But this one  also has an instrumental purpose, because the only reason this budget  resolution is on the floor is to pave the way for the partisan process  for the tax bill, which will significantly increase the deficit in  order to give tax breaks to those who need them least.   I think everyone in this body agrees that the average American  taxpayer, those who have had virtually no raise for 30 years, deserve  and need tax breaks. If we can give them that tax relief, the economy  will grow faster.   But the Senate reconciliation instructions that will ultimately pass  are written to allow for a $1.5 trillion increase in the deficit, and  that is assuming that the fuzzy math and the rosy expectations actually  work out. I appreciate the charts that my friend and colleague, Mr.  Rooney, showed that pointed out that we would like to get to 3.1  percent economic growth. I heartily agree.   But if we look at the period right now where we now have the worst  disparity in wealth and the worst disparity in income that we have had  in a long time, that tracks this decline from 3.1 percent to 1.6, 1.8,  2 percent.   When I started off in our family business, the corporate tax rate was  78 percent, and our economic growth was a lot higher. Not that we want  to go back to 78 percent, but putting more money in the hands of the  top 1 percent is not what is going to make this economy grow more  quickly.   Actually, looking at the critical programs that are cut in this  Republican budget gives us almost a handy guide of more effective ways  to spend money. For example, this budget cuts transportation spending  by 25 percent at a time when we have a D in our infrastructure by the  American Society of Civil Engineers, when President Trump and candidate  Hillary Clinton both campaigned hard on more infrastructure investment,  not a cut.   This budget cuts student aid by $211 billion when we know from our  Joint Economic Committee hearings that the student debt our young  people carry is one of the reasons they don't start new businesses, one  of the things that suppresses the growth of new businesses in America.   We also know that human capital is the key to economic growth all  through history and today. It contains massive cuts to Medicare and  Medicaid, making healthcare more expensive for those who can least  afford it, and that is not a way to grow the economy.    We have an opportunity to enact fiscally responsible, sustainable,  bipartisan tax reform that focuses on the Americans whose wages have  been stagnant for 30 years. I believe the Democrats are prepared to  engage in real reform. It should be simpler. It should be fairer. We  should absolutely do away with the special deals and credits and  gimmicks, but we need a lower rate for most Americans, and not make  sure that 80 percent of the tax benefits go to the people who need them  the least, who have the smallest propensity to spend and to invest.   There are many other things wrong with this budget. Let me just point  out two particular problems. Number one, the budget attacks the Arctic  National Wildlife Refuge. It essentially sacrifices wildlife and  environmental protections to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest.   ANWR encompasses more than 19 million acres and is one of the last  intact landscapes in America. It is essential that we protect this wild  and spectacular land. The government briefly opened ANWR to seismic  testing in the 1980s, and the damage from that activity is still  visible today. Truck tracks still scar the expansive tundra where the  permafrost never healed. Since then, the Federal Government has  protected ANWR from harmful oil and gas drilling because of concerns  about the impact on species like polar bears, muskoxen, and caribou.   Mr. Chairman, there are 37 land mammal species, 8 marine mammal  species, 42 fish species, and more than 200 migratory birds that  inhabit the ANWR. Seismic testing could do lasting damage to the  fragile ecosystem way before drilling. Seismic activity sends shock  waves underground, disturbing denning polar bears.    Mr. Chairman, the caribou are a food source for Alaskan  indigenous groups who have lived off the land for thousands of years.  All of this devastation will likely do very little in the short run to  reduce the deficit. The oil prices are so low that no oil company is  going to attempt to extract fossil fuels at this time.   We believe the ANWR must be protected from the budget for future  generations, its wildlife, and the native people who inhabit it.   Part two, Mr. Chairman, is the budget also attacks Federal Government  employee retirement benefits. It instructs the Oversight and Government  Reform Committee to reduce the deficit by $32 billion. This clearly  targets Federal employee retirement benefits because that is the only  substantial mandatory spending within the Committee on Oversight and  Government Reform's jurisdiction.   By slashing these promised benefits, the budget will eliminate any  sense of financial security that Federal employees currently have. We  should be protecting their rights and benefits. This was the original  bargain they made. Most gave up much more lucrative careers in the  private sector for the opportunity to serve all Americans, and for a  small but secure Federal pension.   It is also going to make it a lot more difficult for us to recruit  and retain the quality employees who make America great.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this budget, and let's work  together to create a Tax Code that really does simulate our economy and  that works for all Americans.   