 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Garamendi for his  leadership in the State of California and the country.   I rise today to voice my strong objection and disapproval for FCC  Chairman Ajit Pai's decision to roll back a program that would provide  internet access to low-income Americans.   I was shocked that this was one of the first decisions that the FCC  Chairman made. What he has done is provide few subsidies for low-income  Americans who need internet access.   Now, we know that 45 percent of Americans under 30,000 currently  don't have internet access. Providing these  [[Page H1063]]  folks with internet access is giving their kids a basic shot at digital  proficiency and having a job in technology or a chance at the American  Dream.   Chairman Ajit Pai has become a poster child with this decision for  everything that is wrong with Washington. It is what people complain  about. He is writing the rules of modern-day capitalism in a way that  privileges these elite telecom companies with concentrated economic  power at the expense of low-income Americans.   This Congress must stand united to make sure that an unelected  bureaucrat doesn't get to write the rules of our economy in favor of  wealthy interests at the expense of ordinary Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I will be circulating a letter to our colleagues that I  hope we can send to Chairman Pai, and, hopefully, he will reconsider  this decision that is really not in the interest of ordinary Americans.    I have. I appreciate the Congressman's leadership on  this.   Net neutrality, as the gentleman knows, is a very simple idea. That  means that everyone should have equal access to the internet; that you  shouldn't get to pay for faster service or you shouldn't get to pay to  have more of your message out.   You would think that if anyone would appreciate the importance of it,  it is the President, who uses the tool of the internet with Twitter and  Facebook.    You would think we would want a democracy where every  citizen has equal access to these tools.   Well, who doesn't want that?   Some of these big companies that have concentrated economic power and  have an interest in making money and not for speech.   This Chairman has shown a consistent pattern already, in a few weeks,  of basically siding with these large telecommunication companies at the  expense of ordinary citizens.   It may sound like a technical issue. Some folks glaze over when you  say net neutrality or you talk about the technical issues of the  lifeline program, but I think what they have got to know is you have an  FCC Chairman who is siding with wealth interests in telecom companies  over what would benefit ordinary people.    I thank Congressman Garamendi for his leadership and  showing what is really happening with the scale-back of all these  regulations.    If I can make one more comment. Everyone says they are  not for regulation. That is easy. Every time I get on an airplane, I am  very thankful that we have some regulations. Regulations can't just be  eliminated with a hatchet, like this administration is doing.   