 Mr. President, rumor has it that on Friday the President  will announce a change in U.S. policy toward Cuba. There are lots of  different rumors about what that might entail. I thought I would talk  for just a couple of minutes about the consequences of such action,  what has been accomplished in Cuba, what our goals are, and what I  think our goals should be.   We have had a long policy of isolation with regard to Cuba. For more  than 50 years, we tried to isolate the island and hoped the government  would change somehow. It didn't. For more than 50 years, we have  prohibited Americans from freely traveling to Cuba. We have had periods  that the restrictions have gone down a bit and then up again, but by  and large Americans have been prohibited, unless they fall into certain  classes, to travel to Cuba. Then, when they are in Cuba, their travel  around the island, the activities they undertake, are specifically  prescribed by the U.S. Government.   I always thought that certainly there is a place for economic  sanctions. Sometimes they can help nudge countries or push countries  toward a desired outcome--but a travel ban? You only impose a travel  ban under extreme circumstances, such as when national security reasons  dictate, and there hasn't, for a long time, been national security  reasons for a travel ban. I have always thought that as an American  citizen that if somebody is going to limit my travel, it ought to be a  Communist, somebody from another country that wouldn't let me in, not  my own government to tell me where I can and cannot travel. I think  most Americans feel that way.   I think we ought to first consider whom these sanctions are on. The  sanctions we have had for so many years have not really been on Cubans;  they have been on Americans. Gratefully, the previous administration  lessened these restrictions or lessened the impact around them. Around  2008 or 2009, the last administration said that Cuban Americans should  be able to travel freely at least. Prior to that, we had instances  where Cuban Americans would have to decide, if their parents, for  example, were still in Cuba and were aging, maybe their mother was  infirm--they had to decide if my mother passes away, do I attend her  funeral or if my father passes away within 3 years--see, it used to be  that Cuban Americans were limited to travel to the island just once  every 3 years. They had to decide whether to attend their mother's  funeral or their father's funeral. What a terrible thing for our  government to tell American citizens, that they have to choose whether  to attend their father's funeral or their mother's funeral. What kind  of a country is that? Why would we do that? Yet we did for a number of  years.   Gratefully, the last administration lifted restrictions on Cuban- American travel and at the same time lifted considerable restrictions  on remittances, allowing money to flow more freely to relatives and  others on the island. That coincided with the time the Cuban Government  realized they couldn't employ every Cuban, not even at $20 a month, so  they said: Go ahead and find another line of work in the private  sector, run a bed and breakfast, have a private restaurant, have an  auto repair facility or a beauty shop. Hundreds of thousands of Cubans  have done so over the past 5 years, largely with seed capital provided  by travel from Americans, particularly Cuban-American travel and  remittances.   So there was a situation where virtually no Cuban was employed in the  private sector 5 years ago, but today as much as 25 percent of the  Cuban workforce is now in the private sector. They have obviously more  economic freedom. The average waiter in a Cuban private restaurant  brings in $40 to $50 a day, while the average Cuban working for the  Cuban Government brings in $20 to $30 a month. So there is  significantly more economic freedom for those in the private sector in  Cuba but also significantly more personal freedom as well. That is a  good thing. That stands with the policy and goal we always had to  increase freedom for the Cuban people.   Now we hear that the administration may want to turn back some of  that progress and say that Americans shouldn't be able to travel as  freely or as frequently to Cuba. Some of the rumors say they will limit  travel to once a year. We don't know if that will be for Cuban  Americans or all Americans. By the way, it seems rather strange to have  a policy that is ethnically based, where we say: You are a Cuban  American, you can travel, but if you are another type of American, you  can't. That just seems pretty un-American. We can't get back into a  situation where a Cuban American, living in the United States, will  have to choose whether they can attend their mother or their father's  funeral. I hope we don't get back into that time.   Another thing we ought to consider is that when Americans travel more  freely, as they have been able to do under what is called a general  license for individual travelers--that was one of the changes that was  made in just the past couple of years--then individual American  travelers tend to go to Cuba and stay in a bed and breakfast run by a  private Cuban citizen, travel in private taxi cabs, frequent a private  restaurant. My own family has done that.   If we go back to the time when American travelers have to travel  under a specific license or as a group, then those travelers will be  pushed toward the Cuban hotels which are owned by the Cuban Government  or military. Therefore, you have aided the Cuban Government more than  the Cuban people. Under no system will you be able to cut off money  completely from the Cuban Government or the private sector. There is  leakage everywhere. That is how economies work. Why in the world do we  have a policy where we directly benefit the Cuban Government  [[Page S3441]]  by pushing American travelers to the hotels they own rather than the  private homes owned by private Cuban citizens? It seems to me these  policies, if they are going to come forward--and it seems that they  might be--just go against the policies and the goals we have.    Another thing we need to consider is that in the old times, when we  had more restrictive policies on travel on Americans, those had to be  enforced somehow. That falls upon the Office of Foreign Assets Control  at Treasury.   OFAC, you may have heard recently, is the office we charge to enforce  our sanctions on Iran. We are putting new sanctions on Iran. They will  be charged with enforcing those. They will be charged with enforcing  sanctions on Russia and new sanctions on Russia as well. Sanctions on  North Korea, again, falls to OFAC. Yet we are telling OFAC that now  they are going to have to spend a considerable amount of time and  resources and manpower tracking down people going to Cuba to see if  they stick to their designated, approved itinerary, whatever that might  be, whatever we think they ought to be doing there, rather than what  they want to be doing there. That just seems foolish to me and a waste  of money, time and resources, and wrongheaded priorities with regard to  other priorities that we have on sanctions.   We had situations in previous years that would simply be laughable if  they weren't true, but I think the administration ought to consider  that when we have a restrictive policy on travel, we are going to have  situations that are just flat embarrassing to us. If that sounds crazy,  it doesn't sound crazy to Joan Slote of San Diego, who traveled to Cuba  in the year 2000 at the age of 72 with a Canadian company that  organized cycling tours. She was fined $7,500 in the United States  because she hadn't preapproved the itinerary and didn't follow the  guidelines. She went through a Canadian company to do that. The  subsequent fees totaled nearly $10,000. I think it was settled for  something less, but why in the world are we sanctioning and fining a  72-year-old woman who went on a biking tour in Cuba.   Consider the case of Cevin Allen in the State of Washington. He spent  part of his childhood in Cuba, where his parents were missionaries.  They built an Assembly of God Church in a town in southeastern Cuba.  His parents died in 1987 in a house fire. Ten years later, Allen  traveled to Cuba to scatter the ashes of his parents at the church they  had built. He also brought a family Bible to give to the church's  pastor. Cevin returned to the United States via Nassau, Bahamas, where  he told U.S. agents he had just been to Cuba. He told them the reasons  for his travel. His initial fine was $7,500.   Do we really want to be fining people who are scattering the ashes of  their parents? These aren't isolated incidents. This went on for a  while.   A woman from Indiana was fined for distributing Bibles in Cuba  because her itinerary didn't include a trip to the beach. She went to  the beach, I am told, to participate or to watch a baptism that was  happening at that time. Why in the world would we try to limit that  kind of travel? Yet that is what we would be doing if we go back to  restricting travel.   Maybe these rumors are overblown. Maybe we will not be imposing new  restrictions on travel, but if we are, I hope the administration will  consider these things.   There is another rumor out there that we know that if we diminish  American travel, therefore diminishing the amount of money that goes to  these Cuban entrepreneurs who are running bed and breakfasts and  private restaurants, then we can make up for it somehow by having some  of our government agencies teach entrepreneurship classes. Anybody who  has been in Cuba understands that Cubans who have survived on $20 a  month for decades are more entrepreneurial than we will ever be. They  don't need lessons in entrepreneurship, they need customers, and by  denying Americans the freedom to travel to Cuba, we will be denying  them customers, and they will be worse off. Their political freedom  will be diminished. Their economic freedom will be diminished. Their  personal freedom will be diminished. That is not what we want.   Obviously, we want the Cuban Government to change. It has been  disappointing, the rate of change. Why would we take it out on the  Cuban people? Don't they have it tough enough with a Communist  government that wants to control and keep that control as long as they  can? Why don't we continue to help the Cuban people as they have been  helped over the past couple of years? We also want to consider the  cooperation we have with the Cuban Government with regard to issues  such as drug interdiction, environmental cooperation, immigration  enforcement. In the past couple of years, we had a lot of Cubans  rafting to South Florida because of the wet foot, dry foot policy. We  have had tens of thousands of Cubans crossing the Mexican border to  make it to Arizona or Texas or California or New Mexico to claim or to  be paroled into our system and ultimately perhaps to get citizenship.  Because of agreements we have had and the diplomatic cooperation we  have had over the past couple of years, and specifically over the past  couple of months, we have been able to reach an agreement where we  don't have that kind of migration and those kinds of issues. So there  are tangible benefits to the diplomatic cooperation we have had. I am  told we are not going to touch that; that we are not going to roll  back. We have diplomatic relations and that is a good thing.   We don't want to go back to the time where instead of an embassy, we  had a special interests section in Cuba and the Cubans had one here. I  hope the President of the United States and his Cabinet will consider  these things as they make decisions on what to do on Cuba. There are  changes to policy we can make, but I would argue they would be more in  terms of further liberalizing travel. We have a bill that has been  filed in the Senate with 55 cosponsors. It is a bipartisan bill to  completely lift the travel ban and get rid of it completely. If such a  measure is brought to the floor, I am confident there will be between  65 and 70 votes--maybe more--for such a bill. Instead, we seem to be  going in the other direction or the administration is talking about  going in the other direction. I hope they will reconsider.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   