 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by recognizing the  incredibly important work of my colleague from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup) in  ensuring that we bring more physicians and care providers into the VA  so that more veterans can get access to quality, timely care, producing  better outcomes for them.   Of course, our veterans have served this country so honorably and  have put their lives on the line, and now it is our turn to fulfill our  obligation. Dr. Wenstrup's underlying legislation is going to ensure  that we get a step closer to doing that. He will agree with me, I hope,  that one of our challenges is recruiting the right talent into the VA  out of residency programs across the country.   Right now, the VA is operating with one hand tied behind its back  because it limits itself to the last year of a medical residency before  it begins talking to that resident to try to recruit them to serve at  the VA.   Meanwhile, most residents begin making career decisions a year or two  earlier than that. And private sector clinics, hospitals, other public  institutions are talking to those residents, trying to recruit them,  and successfully bringing them to places other than the VA.   This amendment will allow the VA to begin recruiting and offering  conditional job offers with 2 years left in a residency. It will help  us to address the fact that today there are 43,000 authorized funded  positions that are open in the VA where we don't have the doctors, the  psychiatrists, the primary care providers, the medical professionals we  need to provide the care that veterans need.   We need to begin recruiting earlier, more effectively, and more  successfully. This amendment to the underlying legislation will allow  us to do that.   I hope that I will have the support of my friend from Ohio (Mr.  Wenstrup), of the ranking member of the full committee, and of my  colleagues here in the Chamber.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   