 Mr. Speaker, on December 12, 2016, the Obama  administration published another overreaching midnight regulation in  the form of the BLM's new resource management rule, commonly referred  to as BLM 2.0. That same day, six Western States filed a lawsuit  alleging the new rules will severely impair their ability to work with  the BLM on future planning and management issues.   More than 3,350 comments were submitted on BLM's Planning 2.0 rule.  Rather than reviewing and incorporating those suggestions, the Obama  administration hastily rolled out another midnight regulation that  failed to address the technical flaws raised during the public comment  period.   Let me be clear: Planning 2.0 takes planning decisions away from  local communities and centralizes those decisions with bureaucrats in  Washington, D.C. BLM's Planning 2.0 rule is a significant departure  from the planning process that has existed more than three decades and  allowed significant local government involvement.   Planning 2.0 directs the BLM to perform large, landscape-scale  planning efforts that stretch across county lines and State lines. This  new regulation allows radical, special interest groups from other  States to have the same influence as county and local officials in the  planning process.   In many counties in the West, less than 20 percent of the land is  privately owned. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Research  Service, the Bureau of Land Management manages more than 247 million  acres of public land and administers about 700 million acres of Federal  subsurface mineral estates throughout the Nation.   Rural counties and Western States depend on their ability to use BLM  and public lands in order to support their livelihoods. Critical  activities like grazing, forest thinning, mining, recreation,  responsible energy development--including wind and solar--all take  place on these lands and are the lifeblood of many communities.  Unfortunately, Planning 2.0 will prevent many of these uses on BLM  lands and cause significant harm to local communities.   The American Farm Bureau Federation supports Representative Cheney's  bill and opposes Planning 2.0, stating: ``We . . . are concerned that  the Planning 2.0 rule will diminish the statutory requirements multiple  use and dismantle the cooperative ideals of Federalism. . . . BLM did  not fully evaluate the impacts on consumers, public lands-dependent  ranching families, energy, mining, recreation, and rural communities  across the American West.''   The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, who is key voting in support of the  bill, stated: ``This Obama administration `midnight regulation'  undercuts States from fulfilling their role as managers of resources  and land use decisions. The shift in authority away from local planning  and land management will inherently jeopardize jobs throughout the West  in industries ranging from timber, energy, mineral development,  grazing, and recreation.''   Western Energy Alliance has also raised serious concerns about BLM  2.0 and has urged adoption of Representative Cheney's bill, stating:  ``Besides delaying oil and natural gas development indefinitely,  Planning 2.0 would prevent ranching, mining, timber harvesting, and  other productive uses of the West's working landscapes that sustain  rural communities and livelihoods.''   Americans for Prosperity, who is key voting in support of the bill,  stated: ``The process outlined by the Planning 2.0 rule is highly  problematic--it limits public involvement in decisionmaking,  centralizes planning in Washington rather than in State and field  offices, redefines BLM's interpretation of the `multiple use'  requirement, prioritizes conservation over sustained yield, i.e.  mineral leasing, and could further lengthen an already long permitting  process.''   The National Association of Conservation Districts supports the bill,  stating: ``The CRA allows for the BLM to go back to the drawing board  and write a planning rule that truly increases local government  involvement as opposed to centralizing the planning process.''   Again, the BLM Planning 2.0 rule takes planning decisions away from  local governments and, instead, allows those important decisions to be  made by bureaucrats in Washington who aren't familiar with our land,  water, or communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of Representative Cheney's commonsense  bill.   