 I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, this is the fifth time the United States House of  Representatives has considered this bill.   Now, we have heard a lot of alternative facts today. Let's have some  real facts.   Killing trees, well, first off, here is the extensive application. It  is slightly over three pages long and it can be filed electronically,  so we don't need to kill any trees.   Allegations that somehow this slows down control of mosquito  abatement or Zika virus are absolutely false. Anybody can apply a  pesticide in a public health situation. They have 30 days to file the  paperwork online afterwards. It takes about 5 minutes. It has such  technical things as your name and address, your pesticide applicator  license verified with a certain State, where you are going to use the  pesticide or herbicide.   Now, why would we want to know that? Or maybe, why wouldn't we want  not to know that? Because that is what they are saying on that side of  the aisle.   There is nothing registered with the Department of Agriculture. Yes,  we have FIFRA. These pesticides and herbicides have been registered.  They have labels--it can't be applied over water; it can't be applied  here; it can't be applied there--and we trust the applicators to follow  those rules. But when they actually use the herbicides and pesticides  absent this form, this burdensome 3\1/2\-page form, we won't know.   Now, why would we care? Well, this is essentially the 20th  anniversary of a massive fish kill in Jackson County, Oregon. In that  incident, an operator applied an aquatic herbicide in an irrigation  canal that, when it leaked into the nearby creek, killed 92,000  steelhead. Now, we kind of care about our steelhead in the Northwest,  so that was a problem.   So then the Federal agency said, Well, this is kind of a problem when  someone does that, 92,000 steelhead. Plus, anybody who drank the water  was poisoned, et cetera, et cetera. But we don't want to know about  that on that side of the aisle because Dow Chemical doesn't like it  because maybe it inhibits sales of some of these chemicals that cause  these sorts of problems.   Now, we have data now because of these forms, and we know about areas  [[Page H4542]]  that are impaired. In my State, which is like the clean, green State,  825 miles of rivers and streams and 10,000 acres of lakes and ponds in  the State of Oregon are impaired by pesticide contamination. That is  something we should do something about. People are drinking that water;  they are swimming in that water; their kids are bathing in that water.  I think that is a problem.   But we don't want to know about that. This is just a horrible  restraint on pesticide applications.   Now, we heard a lot of other hooey here. It is like: This is so  difficult; it is so difficult to do. I was talking to the ranking  member of the Agriculture Committee. He said, well, farmers don't want  to file those forms. If they hired a pesticide applicator, that person  could file the form for them.   Or, yeah, maybe they are going to have to file the 3-page form if it  involves the waters of the United States of America. If it doesn't  involve the waters, you don't have to file it. So this is really an  incredible thing.   Now, we have taken this up numerous times. It was the Pest Management  and Fire Suppression Flexibility Act in the 109th Congress--the same  bill, exactly the same bill.    Then in the 112th and the 113th Congresses, it was the Reducing  Regulatory Burdens Act. It still didn't work. It didn't become law  then.   Well, wait a minute. Let's pass it on to public fears. Last Congress,  it was called the Zika Vector Control Act in the 114th Congress. We  just heard a lot of hooey about how this will inhibit killing  mosquitoes, which, of course, is absolutely not true.   But now we are back to here. So the Zika Control Act and the Pest  Management and Fire Suppression Flexibility Act are now back to the  Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act.   Now, in the past 6 years, since this paperwork was required, or  electronic work, do you know how many pesticide applicators have faced  significant impacts because of these protections? None. Zero.   Do you know how many applicators have raised problems with the Clean  Water Act pesticide general permit to EPA? None. Zero.   In fact, I specifically asked this question of the EPA's head of  water at a Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee hearing. No  specific instances where the clean water permit was causing problems or  impacts on pesticide application. Yet here we are again, one more time,  under the guise of reducing this horrible regulatory burden: name,  address, phone number, what did you apply? Where are you registered to  apply these sorts of permits? That is useful information.   I had a couple more instances in Oregon.   Tiller, Oregon, again, right in the same area where the steelhead  were killed. That same creek was contaminated with atrazine in 2014.  Local residents who drank the water complained, and they also  complained of the overspray. Then, in 2013, a helicopter in Curry  County, Oregon, oversprayed residents.   Now, if they didn't have to file these forms, we wouldn't know who  did it, when they did it, and what the chemical was. I guess that is  kind of what the Republicans want. If someone oversprays your property  and sprays stuff on you: ``Geez, I don't know. That was one of those  black helicopters. We don't know where it came from, or who that was.  We don't know what they dumped on you. Sorry.'' That is burdensome  paperwork. We wouldn't want to require that kind of burdensome  paperwork.   So that is why we are here again today for the fifth time with the  fifth remaining rationale for what we are doing here today, and it  still fails the smell test.   