 Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination  of Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General of the United States. He  is a veteran and an outstanding public servant who has worked  tirelessly for decades in service of his constituents in Alabama, in  this body, as a U.S. attorney, as Attorney General of Alabama. He is a  good colleague and a friend to many of us on both sides of the aisle.  He is gracious with his time, his wisdom, his intelligence.   In all nomination processes there is some twisting of facts that goes  on and, unfortunately, even some character attacks, but the twisting of  his record and the attacks on Senator Sessions, in my view, have been  particularly egregious. That is why I was very saddened by what  happened on the floor of the U.S. Senate last night.   One of our colleagues violated rule XIX. Here is what rule XIX says:  ``No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of  words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or  motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.''   That is the rule. It has been in place for decades, and I don't think  you need to be a Harvard law professor to realize that rule was  violated last night.   Mr. President, like you, I have been in the Senate for a couple of  years. I certainly have tried very hard to work with my colleagues, all  my colleagues across the aisle, Democrats, Republicans. I have respect  for all of them. I have no problem whatsoever with Senators coming  down, and in the last week or so, Senators coming down to the floor of  the Senate to debate their views on nominees for Cabinet positions, up- or-down votes on the merits and the qualifications of these nominees.  That is what we should be doing. That is our job. We have seen a lot of  that over the last several weeks.   Like the Presiding Officer, in the last couple of years, I supported  some of President Obama's Cabinet officials, was opposed to others, as  is our job, on their merits and qualifications. We can do this in a  respectful manner, especially here on the floor of the U.S. Senate. We  can certainly do this in a way that does not violate rule XIX by  imputing conduct and motives unbecoming of a U.S. Senator. More  importantly, we can do this in a way that is respectful of each  other. For the sake of the Senate and for the country, I hope we can  get back to that tradition that is so important to this body.    Let me try to set the record straight on Senator Sessions, the  Senator Jeff Sessions I know. I have gotten to know him over the last 2  years. He certainly has a long, distinguished history of public  service. Nobody in this body is denying that. Everybody in this body  knows Senator Sessions well, knows that he is a man of integrity, a man  of principle. He will support the laws of the land, and he will be a  fierce advocate for the rule of law and defending the Constitution.   I wish to spend a few minutes on the broader issue of what is  happening on the Senate floor right now. We are not getting a lot of  press on it, but it is the unprecedented obstruction that is happening  with regard to President Trump's Cabinet. Because of this obstruction-- unfortunately, by my colleagues--more than 2 weeks into President  Trump's term, he has fewer Cabinet Secretaries confirmed at this point  than any other incoming President since George Washington. That is some  pretty serious obstruction. Nineteen days into his term as President of  the United States, President Obama had 21 Cabinet Members confirmed.  Right now, President Trump has seven. President Obama had three times  the numbers we now have today.   I believe most Americans--certainly the Americans I represent,  fairminded Alaskans who are desperate to get our country and our  economy working again--don't like this kind of obstruction. They see a  new President who should be allowed to move forward with his Cabinet in  place so the Federal Government can get to work on behalf of the  American people. I think Americans are also seeing the reputation of  good people who want to serve their country tarnished for political  purposes.   I hope the Members on the other side of the aisle understand that the  American people are wise. They see through all this theater. We need to  get to work. We need to let the Trump administration get to work.   This body has a responsibility to treat the confirmation process with  the same courtesy, seriousness, and focus the Senate gave to President  Obama when he came into office, and that has not happened right now. It  is not happening right now, and we need to move forward on that.   