 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I recently read a story in the Wall Street  Journal that I thought was so alarming it demanded action. Here is the  headline: ``Marathon Pharmaceuticals to Charge $89,000 for Muscular  Dystrophy Drug After 70-Fold Increase.''   Yes, that is $89,000 a year, and, yes, that is a 70-fold increase-- 70-fold, as in 7,000 percent.   For those of you who have not read the article, here is the story.  There is a rare disease called Duchenne muscular dystrophy. It affects  about 12,000 young men in the United States. Most of them,  unfortunately, end up dying in their twenties and thirties because of  it.   We don't have a cure yet for Duchenne. Until recently, there was not  even a treatment with FDA approval. So, for many years, patients and  parents have been importing a drug called deflazacort, a steroid, from  other countries. Even though it is not a cure, it at least helps treat  symptoms and has been a welcome relief to many families.   Well, technically it is illegal to import a drug that doesn't have  FDA approval. But there is a catch. The FDA does not quite enforce the  ban against all unapproved drugs. In fact, it has issued regulatory  guidance saying that you can get an exemption and buy an unapproved  drug from overseas if you meet five conditions. First, you have to have  a serious illness for which there is no other treatment available.  Second, you can't sell the drug. Third, you can't pose an unreasonable  risk to your health. Fourth, it has to be for you and you alone. Fifth,  you can't buy more than a 3-month supply.   All of that sounds fair enough. But if someone comes along and gets  FDA approval for their version of the exact same drug, the exact same  chemical composition of the drug that is being imported, then you  cannot buy it overseas anymore. That is exactly what happened here.   This was not a new drug. This was not a medical breakthrough. This  was not a scientific advance. This was, plain and simple, an arbitrage  opportunity. Other people had already gone to the trouble of making a  drug that worked, but if you paid the expenses of getting FDA approval,  you would essentially buy for yourself monopoly pricing power. That is  what other companies missed, and now, to cover the costs of going  through that approval process, Marathon is increasing the price from  roughly $1,500 a year to $89,000 a year.   I don't think it is an overstatement to say that this turn of events  is nothing short of outrageous. It defeats the very purposes of our FDA  laws. The reason we offer people the chance to create a monopoly is to  encourage innovation and medical breakthroughs, to generate new drugs  that are going to solve diseases or illnesses.   What we are saying is, if you go to the pain and expense of  developing a new treatment, we will give you the sole rights to sell it  for a number of years so you can recover your costs, and, therefore, we  will encourage more medical breakthroughs to alleviate the pain and  suffering of the American people. In other words, monopoly rights are  not merit badges. They are not a reward for business smarts. They are  supposed to serve the interests of patients. They are supposed to  expand access to treatment. But in this case, what we see in our system  is, in fact, restricting access and driving up the price for that  coverage.   I understand that many people with Duchenne are happy that Marathon  has done this because now that the drug has FDA approval, insurance  companies will likely cover it--unlike before when people had to pay  out of pocket, meaning that poor kids didn't get access to deflazacort,  whereas upper middle-class and rich kids typically did.   I also know that Marathon has promised to increase spending on  research on a new drug and to help people of limited means afford that  treatment. That, too, is all to the good.   I am not casting aspersions on anyone's motives here, but let's be  real. Someone has to pay the full price of this drug at $89,000 a year.  We have a drug that used to be available for $1,500 a year, and now it  is $89,000 a year. Whatever happened, that is a systemwide failure. We  as a Congress have to address it.   There is simply no getting around the fact that this story should  never have been written in the first place because it should have never  happened in the first place. We should be channeling peoples' ambition  and entrepreneurial spirit into finding cures, not finding new and  clever ways to make a profit. That is what our food and drug laws are  designed to do. That is what they have clearly failed to do in this  instance.   I just want to say that I am not going to let this story disappear. I  am going to work with my colleagues to find a legislative solution to  this mess and promote affordable, high-quality healthcare for all, for  all families whose young children suffer from Duchenne and for every  other orphan disease that has drugs that can be used for treatment and  right now are being blocked from the market or for which we are paying  way too much money as a society.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, it is hard to overstate the amount of  distrust there is between rural America and the EPA.   I represent the State of Arkansas, where about 70,000 of our citizens  are farmers. Agriculture is our largest industry, adding about $16  billion to our economy every year. But even those members--big as they  are--can't give you a full appreciation of just how important the land  is to our people. Sure, they make a living off it, but farming isn't  just an ``industry'' to us--it is not just another statistical category  like ``nondurable goods manufacturing.'' It is a way of life. The  people of Arkansas cultivate the land. They nurture it. They teach  their children how to care for it. These are people who get up at 5  a.m. to milk the cows. They have had these farms in their families for  generations. They pass on the land--and the values they have learned  along with it. They believe in the EPA's mission of preserving a  healthy environment just as much as anyone.   Yes, they are stewards of the earth, these men and women, yet the EPA  too often treats them as criminals. In the last 8 years alone, the EPA  has been treating their property rights more like a form of parole. It  has passed sweeping regulations that presume to tell farmers when they  can plant and how often they can run a tractor. It has declared  something as tiny as a mud puddle on a family farm as a ``navigable  water''--thus under the EPA's jurisdiction it has put on a show of  soliciting ``feedback'' from the people who have to live under its  rules, while cavalierly dismissing most of their concerns, and all the  while pursuing an activist agenda, whether through the Clean Power Plan  or the waters of the United States rule, it has failed to fulfill its  core mission: keeping our people safe. Just remember, the EPA helped  bring criminal charges and a $15,000 fine against a North Carolina farm  owner who accidentally spilled cow dung into a river; yet when it  caused the wastewater spill into the Animas River, it stalled and  withheld important information from investigators. If a company had  acted like the EPA, it would likely have faced criminal charges-- brought about by the EPA.   It is this state of affairs that our next EPA Administrator will  inherit, and I want to take this opportunity to say President's Trump  nominee, Scott Pruitt, has my support.   I think he is especially qualified to lead the Agency at this time  because he comes from rural America himself. As the attorney general of  Oklahoma, he fought the EPA's overreach in court more than half a dozen  times. I believe he understands that Arkansas farmers and the American  people know the needs of their land far better than Washington  bureaucrats do. When I met with him a few weeks ago, we discussed the  impact EPA regulations are having on Arkansas farms, businesses, and  energy companies. We also talked about Fort Smith's issues with an  inflexible EPA consent decree. It was clear from our conversation he  knew environmental law backwards and forwards, but he also had  something else: a real-world appreciation of the burden that heavy- handed regulations put on our farmers and on rural America.   I believe Scott Pruitt understands we can have both a robust economy  and a healthy environment. I believe he will pull back the EPA's  excesses and focus on its core mission. I believe, under his  leadership, the EPA can begin to rebuild the trust it has lost with  rural America, the trust that is necessary for it to achieve its goals.  And so, for all of these reasons, I will be voting to confirm.   