 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis) for yielding.   I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57 and 58 that undermine  equity in public education.   Until I moved to Chicago when I was 19, I attended segregated schools  because our States failed to follow Federal laws and the Federal  Government demonstrated weak enforcement. The Civil Rights Act and the  Elementary and Secondary Education Act advanced equal educational  opportunity for African-American students and other students who faced  discrimination and barriers in education, making this country stronger  and better.   During Black History Month, the GOP will advance a bill to undermine  the educational civil rights of African-American students. The scope of  this joint resolution of disapproval clearly reflects the  discrimination and the intent. It doesn't target a narrow regulation.  It encompasses each of the critical civil rights elements of ESSA--data  collection and reporting to ensure transparency about whether schools  are educating vulnerable students comparably to other students, and  accountability to ensure that schools take action to improve and  receive support in meeting the needs of all students. To do so leaves  States confused and Federal protections for disadvantaged students  hollow.   H.J. Res. 57 is an extreme, calculated effort to promote  discrimination, removing any transparency and accountability related to  educational civil rights.   African-American students do not yet have equal educational  opportunity. Black students are suspended and expelled three times the  rate that their White peers are, only about two-thirds of Black  students graduate high school on time compared to 86 percent of White  students, and one in three Black men who start as a full-time student  at a university graduate with a bachelor's degree within 6 years.   Students with disabilities, English language learners, low-income  students, Latino students, and Native-American students also do not yet  enjoy equal educational opportunity. This resolution will erase this  data and allow schools that continue these disparities to continue  performing poorly in perpetuity.   Out of respect for our country's history of educational  discrimination against vulnerable students, out of respect for Black  History Month, and out of respect for the American value of equal  opportunity, I ask my colleagues to reject this discriminatory  resolution.   