 Mr. President, I want to associate myself with the remarks  from my distinguished colleague and close personal friend, Senator  Crapo, and join him in urging our fellow Senators to quickly confirm  Judge Nye.   As pointed out by Senator Crapo, this will be the first district  judge to be confirmed by this Congress. So it should be an honor for  Judge Nye, and I am sure he views it that way.   This has been, literally, years in the making. As Senator Crapo  pointed out, we have only one active Federal judge right now, and he is  handling what is essentially a three-judge load. Some time ago, when  this vacancy occurred, Senator Crapo and I went to work on this. Most  Americans don't understand how this works, but to become a U.S.  district judge, it takes essentially the concurrence of three people-- that is, the President of the United States and the two Senators from  that particular State, be they two Republicans, two Democrats, or one  of each--because we have what is called a blue slip process, where if  any one of the three can and do object to a person, then that person  will not be permitted to go forward.   In this particular case, we negotiated with the Obama White House for  literally months and months, and it turned into years. I believe we  acted in good faith on both sides in trying to find a person who would  be the right fit for Idaho. Again, we literally vetted well over 50  individuals for this position, and for one reason or another, we were  unable to get any of those across the finish line.   Finally, we settled on Judge Nye. I shouldn't say ``settled'' on him.  He had not really applied. After going through the 50 being vetted and  not really getting where we wanted to be, we sought out Judge Nye and  talked with him about it, and we went forward on that basis. The White  House came along, and before President Obama left office, he nominated  Judge Nye, pursuant to my and Senator Crapo's request. Unfortunately,  that was just about the time that we ran out of time processing judges.  The election came and went. President Trump was inaugurated, and we  started all over again. I want to personally thank the White House for  very quickly renominating Judge Nye for this position, again, at the  request of myself and Senator Crapo.   Too many States have a shortage of judges, and there is a movement  afoot right now to attempt to boost the Federal judgeship load, which  is in bad need. For instance, in the last seven surveys that the  Judicial Conference has undertaken, they recommended that Idaho get a  third judge. Senator Crapo and my predecessor before me and, I think,  even Senator Crapo's predecessor before him have also been pushing for  this judge. We continue to do that, and I am seeing some green sprouts  that perhaps we will be moving somewhere in that direction.   In any event, yesterday we had the vote on moving forward on his  nomination, and that vote was 97 to 0, which certainly is a testament  to Judge Nye himself. I would urge our fellow Senators, when we get to  this vote, which will either be later today or midday tomorrow, to  proceed with the same kind of vote. It was a bipartisan vote on  cloture, and we hope it will remain a bipartisan vote as we move  forward on this confirmation.   With that, I want to thank Senator Grassley, who obviously is pressed  by everyone who has a vacancy, and Senator McConnell, who has lots of  things on his mind these days and is struggling with challenges that  come at him from all directions, for choosing Judge Nye at our constant  and gentle urging over the recent months and years and moving him to  the front of the line. I want to personally thank Senator McConnell for  doing that. Of course, I want to thank my distinguished colleague for  his work on the Judiciary Committee and moving it through the Judiciary  Committee.   I think Judge Nye will be a person who will make us all proud.  Certainly, we are going to be very happy to have this judgeship filled  in Idaho and, particularly, with someone of the quality of Judge Nye.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   