 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As one of the three co-chairs of the Blue Dog Coalition, a group of  Democrats committed to bringing our Nation's deficit and debt under  control, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   This amendment would, in fact, eliminate the division in the CBO  area. Frankly, it serves, as we all know, a valuable role as a  nonpartisan adviser to Congress on the costs and tradeoffs on  legislation and the budget of the United States.   Although you don't see these folks on TV every day, the CBO staff  consists of professionals who put facts and transparency first.  Forecasting the economic impacts of legislation is complicated, and no  estimate will ever be perfect, let's face that. The CBO, though, is  transparent about that.   That said, estimates provided by the CBO are objective and are based  on facts and transparent calculations. The staff who make these  estimates up aren't swayed by the political rhetoric on either side of  the spectrum on the House floor, and that is what lawmakers need in  order to govern responsibly.   Without the CBO, lawmakers in Washington would be flying blind,  developing major legislation without knowing what the real consequences  are. Just like you wouldn't drive a car while blindfolded, you  shouldn't be voting on legislation without knowing the real costs,  intended or unintended. After all, these are taxpayer dollars.   This amendment is dangerous for our Nation, and there is no other way  to describe it. As a society, one must accept facts as they are,  whether the facts are in our favor or not. Facts are facts, I guess,  unless you believe in alternative facts.   In fact, CBO acts as an umpire for us here in Congress, calling balls  and strikes as best it can. You may not like the call, you may not like  the strike zone, you may think it is simply wrong, but you don't attack  the umpire. That is what this is: attacking the umpire because you  don't like the call. If you attack the umpire, why don't you improve  your game?   At the end of the day, what we are talking about here is taxpayer  dollars. We need to keep the Congressional Budget Office intact, and I  oppose this legislation, as do all of the Blue Dogs.   