 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 732.  This misguided legislation would restrict the government's flexibility  to resolve lawsuits against corporate wrongdoers and would make it  harder to provide a remedy to all those who are harmed by the company's  malfeasance.   Under well-established law, when settling claims with some corporate  defendants, the Department of Justice may seek to include among the  terms a contribution by the defendant to a third-party organization.  Because it is often difficult to identify each individual who was  harmed by the company's actions, particularly those who suffered the  secondary effects of such wrongdoing, these third-party payments are  intended to address the generalized harms caused by corporate bad  actors. But this bill would prohibit any payment to a party that is not  for restitution or to remedy a harm that is ``directly and  proximately'' caused by the defendant. Such restrictions will  needlessly hamper the Department of Justice's ability to efficiently  resolve claims and to provide relief to all those injured by a  defendant's actions.   For example, in the wake of the financial crisis, the Department of  Justice, under Attorney General Holder, sued several large banks whose  egregious misconduct destabilized the housing market and threw millions  of people out of their homes, with millions more placed on the brink of  foreclosure, all while the banks reaped massive profits. The banks  agreed to resolve these claims by paying record-setting fines to the  government in recognition of the tremendous damage they had caused.   Some of these voluntary agreements also included payments to housing  counseling agencies and legal aid organizations responsible for  assisting homeowners devastated by the foreclosure crisis that those  banks helped create. The Republican majority sneers at these nationally  recognized community organizations, however, and dismisses them as  nothing more than activist groups. Republicans are so concerned that  funds were going to organizations that help level the playing field  between corporations and individuals that they drafted this legislation  to prohibit the government from entering into a settlement that  provides for any third-party payments.   Homeowners and communities across the country are still struggling  with the aftermath of the foreclosure crisis, and the third-party  payments negotiated by the Obama administration have been vital in  helping both the direct victims and all those who suffered the  collateral consequences of the banks' misconduct.   Attorney General Sessions recently announced that his Justice  Department will not include such terms in the settlements it  negotiates. But supporters of this bill insist that we must tie the  hands of future administrations as well, weakening their ability to  efficiently resolve claims and preventing them from using this tool to  seek relief for the victims of corporate misdeeds.    This unnecessary and irresponsible legislation is yet another attempt  by the Republican majority to favor wealthy corporations over  individuals, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.   