 Madam President, today I come to the floor in opposition  to the nomination of Robert Lighthizer to be United States Trade  Representative, USTR. After close examination of the confirmation  process for Mr. Lighthizer, I have come to the conclusion that Mr.  Lighthizer does not adequately understand the positive economic  benefits the North American Free Trade Agreement, NAFTA, has had and  will continue to have on Arizona and our Nation. His advocacy for  protectionist shifts in America's trade policies, including his support  for the withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP, and the  Trump administration's incoherent and inconsistent trade posture, have  only solidified my opposition to his nomination to be USTR.   As I wrote in a February piece in the Arizona Republic, coauthored by  my colleague Senator Flake and Arizona chamber president Glenn Hammer,  NAFTA has delivered enormous economic benefits to the United States  since its inception in 1994, especially for the citizens of Arizona. In  just two decades, Arizona's exports to Canada and Mexico have increased  by $5.7 billion, or 236 percent. Mexico stands as Arizona's No. 1  trading partner, with bilateral trade accounting for 40 percent of our  State's exports to foreign markets in 2015 and totaling $9.2 billion.  Arizona's trade relationship with Mexico also directly supports more  than 100,000 Arizona jobs.   While I understand NAFTA could be strengthened and modernized, any  efforts by this administration to withdraw from NAFTA or impose new  restrictions or barriers on our ability to trade with Mexico and Canada  will have serious consequences for Arizona, including massive job  losses for workers and dramatically higher costs for consumers.  Furthermore, I am troubled by the need for and the process by which  Congress recently granted Mr. Lighthizer a waiver to serve as USTR  given that he previously represented a Brazilian and Chinese client in  trade litigation matters. As part of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of  1995, Congress adopted my amendment to prohibit an individual from  serving as U.S. Trade Representative or Deputy U.S. Trade  Representative if that person has ``directly represented, aided, or  advised a foreign entity'' in ``any trade negotiation, or trade  dispute, with the United States.'' Ultimately, the waiver was tucked in  the must-pass omnibus spending bill, with no chance to debate or vote  on such an important trade related policy.   As Senator Sasse and I recently wrote in a letter opposing Mr.  Lighthizer, the administration's incoherent and protectionist message  on trade ``is especially troubling because confirming a USTR grants the  Administration additional legal authority to negotiate trade deals that  Congress must consider under `fast track' procedures. Given these  circumstances, granting the Trump Administration additional legal  powers through your confirmation without understanding how you or the  Administration intend to use those powers would be irresponsible.''   I plan to vote against the nomination of Mr. Lighthizer, and I urge  colleagues to join me.   