 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from the  great Virgin Islands, and I really appreciate her leadership.   I would like to thank my colleagues for bringing forward such an  important topic for tonight's Special Order hour. National security is  an issue of utmost importance to all of us.   The bottom line is this: If the President thinks it is okay to share  classified information with our adversaries, we have a big problem. I  will be reemphasizing that point: If the President of the United States  of America shared classified information with our enemies, then the  lives of the American people are at risk.   Regardless of political party, if, in fact, President Trump did  willingly share classified information with Russia, then this further  proves that the President does not understand the consequences of his  actions. It proves that he doesn't understand how much we stand to lose  as a result of these actions.   The bigger question now that people are asking is: Do you think the  President is in so much trouble?   It is clear from the news that the Russian investigation is the gift  that keeps giving. But I want to be really, really clear with you. I  did not vote for President Trump. I did not support him when he was  running, and I fought hard to stop President Trump from becoming  elected.    If you want to know, I think the President is in trouble. I will tell  you this. President Trump and his administration are not ready for  prime time. The campaign is over. The President needs to focus on  governing, and we have not seen him do that yet. He needs to learn how  to govern.   We know that the Comey firing has sent a potential signal of the  President's collusion with Russia. For this reason, I called for the  special prosecutor and the independent commission so that the American  people truly can know the Trump-Russia connection.   I am glad to see former FBI Director Bob Mueller named as special  counsel to oversee the investigation, but we still need to make sure  that Congress is able to conduct an independent investigation into the  Trump administration's ties to Russia and interference in the 2016  election. The American people deserve to know the facts. The American  people deserve to know the facts.   I was in my district over the weekend in Lower Merion, and all anyone  asked to talk about was Comey and Russia. They want answers, and they  want to get to the bottom line of this.   I want to, but what I want to do is to raise the dialogue on the  issues that really matter here, the issues that we really have a lot to  lose on. For example, last week, I hosted a briefing on middle  neighborhoods. Middle neighborhoods are neighborhoods caught between  bust and boom. They are communities doing just well enough that our  cities aren't focusing our resources or attention on them.   Of course, we need to get to the bottom line of collusion between  Russia and the President. I want to, and we will get to the bottom line  of this as the American people deserve the facts. At the same time, I  want to make sure we are fighting for dialogue on the ways we can make  a difference and make an impact on our communities in need.   We need to find ways to tackle food insecurity, help our public  schools, and expand access to capital and credit on every corner to  build stronger neighborhoods block by block. This will not be easy. We  need to work together. It is in our collective interest to ensure  national security is not a partisan issue. It should be a bipartisan  issue.   So I stand here in the well of this House, Madam Speaker, to indicate  that I want to ensure that national security is important. I hope,  Madam Speaker, that the President also understands that it is  important.   