 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to recognize  several distinguished Members of the House for the next hour.   When our constituents show up on the first Tuesday in November to  exercise their right of self-governance, they carry with them the  dreams of a better Republic.  [[Page H8430]]    In 2016, the American people commissioned us with a task. They asked  us to fight for jobs. They asked us to fight to fix healthcare. They  asked us to roll back regulations. They asked us to secure the free  world. They asked us to secure our own borders.   The House of Representatives heard them. We have been busy developing  and passing legislation that meaningfully improves the lives of  Americans. I commend the Speaker and his leadership in moving these  bills through the House.   Unfortunately, much of the House's important work is stalled in the  U.S. Senate. It is time the Senate pass important legislation and  restore trust in our Republic, because before this week, the House had  sent 308 bills to the Senate that are still stalled in that Chamber.  This is more than any of the previous four Presidential administrations  had stalled at this same time in their first year.   For the record, the House of Representatives in the 115th Congress  has also passed more total bills than Houses in any of the last four  Presidential administrations at this point. We are at 394 total bills  passed.   The dreams of this great Republic cannot be realized by the House  alone. The Senate must hear the people and come together around the  often bipartisan measures we have been sending to them.   As a way of reminding the Senate, I would like to spend the next hour  recognizing Members to discuss some of the important bills passed by  the House of Representatives that now sit motionless in the U.S.  Senate.   I am thankful for my colleagues who are joining me this evening to  talk about the House's successful legislative efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. King) to talk  about the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa for his  thoughts.   Mr. Speaker, when we learned that Planned Parenthood was selling the  tissue of unborn children, America was outraged. Since then, the House  has redoubled its effort to pass legislation to protect the unborn.   H.R. 7 and H.R. 36 are two important pro-life measures that have  passed the House.   H.R. 36, which would prevent the killing of unborn children who are  developed enough to feel pain, passed the House by 237 votes. This  legislation has been sitting in the Senate for 31 days.   H.R. 7, which prohibits taxpayer funding for abortion, passed the  House by 238 votes. This legislation has been sitting in the Senate for  283 days.   I would like to welcome my friend and colleague from Georgia,  Representative Jody Hice, to talk about these two important bills and  protecting unborn children. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for his  passionate defense of life.   Mr. Speaker, Americans should be able to go about their daily lives  without the fear of nuclear or radiological attack.   Representative Dan Donovan's Securing the Cities Act helps equip our  cities to deal with these dangerous weapons, providing training and  detection resources.   On January 31, the House agreed by voice vote to this commonsense  legislation. For some reason, the Senate has failed in the last 276  days to move this bill.   I am proud to have the bill's sponsor, as well as m friend and  colleague, Dan Donovan, here to share more about this important  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York, Mr. Donovan.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, a fellow prosecutor and  a passionate advocate for these issues, for his remarks.   Mr. Speaker, in the summer of 2015, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was  gunned down by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times  already.   Kate's Law, introduced by Chairman Bob Goodlatte, would enhance the  penalties on illegal immigrant felons who are deported and then  returned unlawfully to the United States.   This legislation passed the House with 257 votes, a bipartisan  coalition of Members who simply want to keep violent felons out of the  United States. This bill has been stuck in the Senate for 127 days.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend and colleague, Representative Andy  Biggs, to talk about H.R. 3004, Kate's Law, and the importance of  securing our Nation from violent illegal felons.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Arizona for his  insight, and I appreciate his comments here tonight.   Mr. Speaker, in 2010, President Obama and Congress passed the Dodd- Frank legislation that attempted to reform Wall Street and end the too- big-to-fail problem. But instead of fixing the financial industry,  Dodd-Frank was mainly served to excessively regulate local community  banks, making it harder for individuals on Main Street to gain access  to credit.   The Financial CHOICE Act, sponsored by Chairman Jeb Hensarling from  the Financial Services Committee, replaced Dodd-Frank with a system  that holds Wall Street accountable, while also making credit more  accessible for Main Street America. The bill passed the House with 233  votes. It has been stuck in the Senate for 148 days.   I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mooney), my friend  and colleague, who sits on the Financial Services Committee, to talk  about H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act.     Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from West Virginia for  his services on the Financial Services Committee, a demanding committee  and a committee that he has certainly shown his brilliance on. So we  appreciate his work very much.   Mr. Speaker, with rising premiums and sky-high deductibles, Americans  are hurting under ObamaCare. Republicans talk a lot about increasing  competition in the healthcare market, and this next bill actually makes  that talk a reality.   H.R. 372, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act restores  Federal antitrust laws to the health insurance industry, ensuring that  the market for health insurance remains competitive and affordable for  Americans.   On March 22, the House passed this legislation in an overwhelmingly  bipartisan fashion, and 416 Members voted for it. It is 226 days later,  and the Senate can still not move that legislation through its Chamber.   I yield to my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar), to say a few words about this bill that he sponsored.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Arizona, especially  with his healthcare background. I know he has said on many occasions  that he is a dentist impersonating a Congressman. Right now I feel the  same way as a prosecutor impersonating a Congressman, and I appreciate  his friendship and great insight.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to now invite my friend and colleague,  Representative Ted Poe, to speak about the Email Privacy Act. This  legislation clears up a loophole in the Electronic Communications  Privacy Act, or ECPA, that allows the government, after a certain  amount of time, to search someone's email if it is held on a third- party server.   The ECPA was passed in 1986. For the past 30 years, our technology  has drastically advanced, but our electronic communications policy has  been stuck in the 1980s. The Email Privacy Act allows the law to catch  up with the tech. This bill simply requires the government to have a  warrant if they are going to search your email.   This legislation passed on voice vote. After 269 days, the bill still  sits in the Senate Judiciary Committee.   I yield to my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Poe), to speak about this important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his hard work and  persistence on this very important issue.   Mr. Speaker, this year, the House completed all 12 appropriations  bills. It is the first time in decades that that has happened. I am  proud that our Chamber worked hard to return to a regular  appropriations process, and I can tell you that there were many late  nights spent looking through amendment after amendment both in the  Rules Committee hearing room and on the House floor. We thoughtfully  considered these bills and offered them for votes on the House floor.   But the Senate hasn't approved any of these 12 bills. Not one.  Republicans, month by month, crisis to crisis, were appropriating of  the Obama administration era. But now Republicans are in charge, and  without Senate action, we are staring down the barrel of another  omnibus or continuing resolution. This isn't fair to the American  public.   The Founders gave to Congress the power of the purse so that 435 men  and women in this Chamber and 100 men and women in the Senate Chamber  can spend weeks at a time thoughtfully discerning how to spend taxpayer  dollars. That is our job. The House has finished its work for this  year, and now we beg the Senate to finish theirs.   The House has done good work. We have listened to our constituents,  worked with our stakeholders, and met each other in the middle on many  bills. Now we are left just talking about these great bills because  they are all stuck in the Senate.   I want to take a minute in closing to remind the Senate why we are  here and why the voters offered the Republican Party control of both  Chambers and the House.   We are here because Americans want fewer regulations. We are here  because Americans want lower healthcare premiums and costs. We are here  because Americans want a stronger stance against the world's bullies.  We are here because Americans want a respect for the rule of law. We  are here because Americans want our veterans to have the best care. We  are here because Americans want better access to credit. They want to  protect unborn life. We are here because Americans expect us to improve  their lives, to work on meaningful legislation that limits government,  that stewards taxpayer dollars effectively, and that guards family  values.   Americans should know that the House of Representatives has heard  them. We have passed bills to address these concerns. Now we turn to  the Senate and ask them to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   