 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding. And I have no better friend in this city either--or this  country, for that matter.   Mr. Speaker, I am just called to come to this floor to add a few  words to the topic that the gentleman from Texas has courageously  brought forward and so few others would want to even speak to: the  societal experiment that is going on in our military, the greatest  military in the history of the world.   When the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert) talks about how history  will be written one day, this isn't a civilization killer, but it is an  indication of a civilization killer. I think of the circumstances in a  little bit older history, back in the 16th century and the 17th century  when the Ottoman Empire and the Muslim armies were sweeping across the  countryside, and whoever they captured, they pressed into slavery.   And when they pressed them into slavery, they wanted to have their  crack troops--they were called Janissaries, and there were other troops  too, as well. But what they did in order to keep them from reproducing  was that they did reassignment surgery on those slaves that they  captured, that they had put into their Janissary troops, and that  reassignment surgery was they took them from being a virile,  reproductive male into being a eunuch.   Now, they were suitable to work in the harem, but they found out when  they put them out in the field to do battle against the enemy that they  didn't have the testosterone to take on the fight. And so over a period  of time, a generation or two, they finally realized: I guess we are  going to have to stop turning these men into eunuchs if we are going to  have them as a fighting machine. That is the Janissaries.   And the old history through that is replete with narrative after  narrative of them taking out the knife and actually cutting the flesh  off of these anatomically complete men. Some would die from that and  some would live, but none of them had the will to fight. And so they  decided that they were going to keep anatomically complete men, men  that were producing testosterone, in their crack Janissary troops,  where they fought well.   That is a lesson of the military, the Ottoman military from 200, 300,  400 years ago. And today we are here thinking somehow we are going to  make the military better by letting people line up at the recruitment  center who have planned that they want to do sexual reassignment  surgery, know that it is expensive, and believe: I can just get into  any branch of the United States services--the Army, the Navy, the Air  Force, the Marines, maybe become a Navy SEAL--and then submit to sexual  reassignment surgery and go from a man to a woman.   By the way, it doesn't look like there are going to be any women  becoming men after they go through SEAL training. I don't think that is  going to happen, at least currently.   But there is no way that this enhances the capabilities of our  military. There is no way it enhances the morale of our military, and  you will never see a platoon that is made up by all of the folks that  are likely to line up to sign up into our military.   This policy clearly enacted, clearly advertised, is a neon sign for  people who want to have sexual reassignment surgery. They will line up  at their recruiter's office and they will go into the military, and the  military will be saying: You know, we had to turn this person away  because they were too heavy, and this one had flat feet, and this one  had a bad eye, and this one had a congenital defect of one kind or  another, but if they don't have those and they want sexual reassignment  surgery, we will cut them up and remake them into something different,  to the tune of $3.5 or $3.9 billion over a 10-year period of time, and  put them off in the recovery room for 2 years before we can put them to  work and use them.   And, by the way, they are likely then to be discharged to come back  into society if their only purpose was to get the free surgery.   And can you imagine someone who has now gone into Walter Reed  Hospital, taken up a bed in Walter Reed Hospital, maybe a roommate with  someone who was hit by an IED, someone who lost a couple of legs,  amputated in the dangerous, dangerous service of the freedoms of our  country, can you imagine those two beds, side by side, and one of them  missing a couple of legs, or an arm, or an arm and a leg, or two arms,  and the other one saying, ``Well, I just came in for sexual  reassignment surgery''?   I won't say the next thing that is in my mind. I think the public  understands the image of what this is.   This is one of the most appallingly stupid things I have ever seen  the United States Congress do, and it has got some competition, but I  don't even know what is second, it is so bad. And the long-term  thinking of this, the implications of this are awful, Mr. Speaker. We  need to reverse this somehow.   I would add, also, that Bob Gates, the former Secretary of Defense,  testified before the United States Congress that we had an obesity  problem with our young people in America that is a national security  risk, it is a national security concern, and we ought to be adopting  Michelle Obama's Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act that cut the calories  down on these kids, because we didn't have enough of them that were  available to meet the physical standards to get into the military, and  it  [[Page H5882]]  was a national security risk. Those were his exact words, ``a national  security risk.''   Well, if we can put the kids on a diet in school because it is a  national security risk for getting people to meet the weight standards  of our military, isn't this a national security risk when you have all  of these resources that are redirected from F-35s and pension plans and  a raise for our military and housing on our bases, and the list goes on  and on, redirect those resources to sexual reassignment surgery and  then have them mustered out of the service as soon as they get what  they went into the service for in the first place? This is idiocy on  the part of the United States Congress.   I salute the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler) for  introducing this amendment. I had a similar amendment that was turned  down in the Rules Committee. But this is something this Congress made a  significant error on. Twenty-four Republicans and every single Democrat  voted against this.   I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing up the topic, and I  would be happy to yield back to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).   