 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am really proud to come to the floor  today to join my fellow Senator from New Mexico, Tom Udall, to  recognize the life and service of the longest serving Senator from our  incredible State of New Mexico, Senator Pete Domenici.   Senator Domenici dedicated his entire life to the State and to the  people he loved. He served our State in the Senate for 36 years. His  decades of service to New Mexico left a lasting impact that will  continue to be felt in every corner of our State for many years to  come. Many in New Mexico called him Saint Pete because of how  relentlessly he fought on the Appropriations and Budget Committees to  secure resources for the people of New Mexico. We can still see the  fruits of his labors at our State's National Labs, at our military  installations, at our colleges and universities, and in water systems  and community centers all over our State. That is because, while he  worked on the forefront of major policy debates here in the Senate,  Pete Domenici always put the interests of New Mexico above all else.   Like myself, Senator Domenici's first public service experience came  on Albuquerque's City Council, then called the City Commission. And, at  least in my experience, I know that working at that local level was an  invaluable way to learn how to hear from diverse viewpoints and  stakeholders and find ways to build consensus and get the results for  your constituents that you hope to achieve. I have tried to bring that  approach with me into the Senate, and I know that Senator Domenici was,  in part, so successful because of the skills he learned there.   I am grateful for the example Senator Domenici set for all of us here  in this body on how to advance important and complex policy goals in  Washington with civility for our colleagues. Republicans and Democrats  alike who worked with him on issues like the budget, energy, national  defense, nuclear deterrence, and mental health parity still point to  his dedication to bipartisan cooperation and compromise.   Although they didn't always see eye to eye, Senator Domenici, a  Republican, and Senator Jeff Bingaman, a Democrat, who served New  Mexico alongside him for the vast majority of his time in the Senate,  always made a point of improving the lives of New Mexicans by working  together. It set a great example for people like me to watch how the  two of them worked together. Their spirit of cooperation across party  lines is still present in our State's congressional delegation, and I  believe Senator Domenici's focus on putting policy results above party  politics still resonates today.   One of the greatest examples of this was Senator Domenici's work  alongside two progressive Democratic lions of the Senate--Paul  Wellstone and Ted Kennedy--to pass mental health parity legislation.  Senators Domenici and Wellstone didn't agree on many issues, but they  found they both had close, personal experience with and a passion for  mental health parity. Both Senators had close family members who had  experienced the great challenges of finding a way to pay for mental  health treatment. Insurance companies were not required to cover mental  health and addiction treatment in those days in the same way they  covered treatment for so many other illnesses and diseases. Because of  that, most insurance companies simply didn't cover these essential  services at all.   Starting in the mid-1990s, Senators Domenici and Wellstone worked  together with mental health advocates to advance legislation to finally  change that.   After Senator Wellstone was killed in a tragic plane crash, Senator  Domenici kept up the fight for 6 more years with a new partner in  Senator Kennedy. The Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health  Parity and Addiction Equity Act was finally passed in October of 2008,  only a few months before Senator Domenici's retirement from the Senate.   That is the type of bipartisanship, legacy, and statesmanship on  behalf of the American people that I hope we will all remember for a  long, long time to come. We should all try better to keep that spirit  alive in the Senate today.   I join all New Mexicans and all Americans in mourning the passing of  Senator Pete Domenici. Our thoughts, our deepest condolences, and our  prayers are with his wife Nancy and all of his family and loved ones at  this time of great loss, for their family and for the State. I am  certain that Senator Domenici's legacy will not be forgotten in New  Mexico and will not be forgotten in the U.S. Senate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.  [[Page S6280]]        