 Mr. President, I rise to once again discuss the ongoing  effort to reform our Nation's Tax Code. Over the past several years, I  have come to the floor often to make the case for tax reform by  highlighting the many shortcomings of our current tax system and  [[Page S3942]]  discussing the benefits we could reap by making the necessary changes.   Over the last years while I have been serving as chairman or the lead  Republican on the Senate tax-writing committee--both as ranking member  and as chairman--I have made tax reform my top priority, and right now,  I believe there is more momentum in favor of tax reform than we have  seen in decades.   To capitalize on that momentum, reform advocates like myself need to  continue to make the case for updating and fixing our broken tax  system. Toward that end, I intend to come to the floor often in the  coming weeks and months to discuss various aspects of our tax system  and make the case for reform. In my view, we need to go back to the  drawing board and fundamentally rethink our entire tax system. This  includes both the individual, as well as the business side of the tax  ledger.   Today, I want to talk specifically about our Nation's business tax  system, with a particular focus on the corporate tax.   Let's get the obvious out of the way first: The United States has the  highest statutory corporate tax rate in the industrialized world.  Looking at the effective corporate tax rates tells an equally gloomy  story of the lack of American competitiveness. I will have more to say  on that in a minute.   I know some like to rail on corporate America and claim they aren't  paying their fair share, but the facts tell a different story.  Companies doing business in the United States are saddled with statuary  tax rates that are higher than any other industrialized country. This  isn't just a Republican talking point; Members and commentators from  both parties and across the ideological spectrum have acknowledged that  this is the problem.   For example, just last year, former President Bill Clinton argued for  a reduction in corporate tax rates, noting that he had urged for the  corporate tax to be raised to 35 percent when he was President because  ``it was precisely in the middle of OECD countries. It isn't anymore.''   Early in his Presidency, President Obama said: ``Our current  corporate tax system is outdated, unfair, and inefficient.'' He also  said that our corporate tax system ``hits companies that choose to stay  in America with one of the highest tax rates in the world.'' I might  add, he did nothing about it, though.   In addition, my counterpart on the Senate Finance Committee, Senator  Wyden, has introduced legislation that would reduce corporate tax rates  by more than 10 percent.   In a Finance Committee report in 2015 on international tax reform,  put out by a working group cochaired by my friends and colleagues  Senators Portman and Schumer, it was clearly stated that ``no matter  what jurisdiction a U.S. multinational company is competing in, it is  at a competitive disadvantage.''   There are plenty of other examples of prominent Democrats who  recognized the impact of our obnoxiously high corporate tax rate.   I want to turn back to Bill Clinton's point, though, because it is an  important one. We must always remember that businesses are, by and  large, rational actors, making decisions based on what will help grow  their business and what will cause their businesses to stagnate or move  backward. Such decisions inevitably include where a company will do  business and where it will be incorporated.   According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and  Development, or OECD, businesses contemplating investment and other  similar matters--especially incorporation in the United States--must  first come to terms with the largest combined corporate tax rate among  OECD member countries, which is currently at 39.1 percent.   Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle like to counter  these inconvenient facts by acknowledging the difference between  effective tax rates, which are rates after accounting for deductions  and credits, and statutory tax rates. Of course, even when taking those  differences into account and focusing solely on effective rates, the  United States only falls from the highest to the fourth highest  corporate rate among countries in the G20--and that is according to  2012 data that doesn't yet capture recent tax reforms in the UK and  elsewhere.   In other words, whether we are talking about effective rates or  statutory rates in the United States, we are talking about some of the  highest corporate tax rates in the world, and, as the working group  cochaired by Senators Portman and Schumer made clear, this translates  into American companies constantly being put at a competitive  disadvantage. It doesn't take a Ph.D. in economics to recognize that  this has had a major, negative impact on our economy and the ability of  the American job creators to compete on the world stage.   As a result of the astronomically high corporate tax rates in our  country, we have seen companies--that, keep in mind, have duties to  their shareholders--engage in inversions, earnings stripping, and  profit shifting, all of which erode our tax base and drive away  American ingenuity and innovation. These types of activities ship jobs,  economic activity, intellectual property, and capital offshore, rather  than keeping them right here in America. The primary driver behind most  of these practices--practices that have been decried in the harshest  rhetoric by some of our friends here in the Senate--is the desire to  avoid or at the very least mitigate the impact of the U.S. corporate  tax.   While I am no fan of inversions or foreign takeovers or aggressive  tax-planning techniques that shift profits around the globe in search  of low taxes, and I don't want to see any unnecessary erosion of the  U.S. tax base, I can hardly fault any company for simply responding to  the incentives created by our business tax system and the competitive  actions of other countries that have been lowering their corporate tax  rates.   Unfortunately, instead of recognizing the perverse incentives of our  current tax system, coupled with companies' duties to their  shareholders, many of my Democratic friends--most notably, prominent  officials in the previous administration--have derided the executives  and board members making these decisions, claiming that they lack, in  the words of our previous U.S. Treasury Secretary, ``economic  patriotism.'' The truth is that when it comes to our business tax  system, some of our friends have buried their heads in the sand.   Let's take a quick stroll through recent history. In the 20 years  between 1983 and 2003, there were just 29 corporate inversions in the  United States. In the 11 years between 2003 and 2014--a period spanning  both Democratic and Republican Presidencies--there were 47 tax  inversions--nearly double the number in half the amount of time. A  quick review of changes in other industrialized nations' tax schemes  will show that while the United States has stubbornly maintained the  same corporate tax rate for more than three decades, other countries  have nimbly adapted to the growing competition in the global  marketplace.   I have spoken at length about inversions before, so I will not  belabor the issue now. What I do want to say is that when I talk to  board members and CEOs of some of the largest companies in the country,  they tend to be unequivocal when asked why they feel pressure to  invert. Almost uniformly, their answer is our outrageously high  corporate tax rate.   Personally, I think this is one of the reasons why my friends and  colleagues who sit on committees that regularly engage in these topics  have come to recognize the level of our corporate tax rate as the major  problem that it is.   When I talk to constituents in Utah and Americans across the country,  I hear of stagnant growth in wages and income, concerns over lack of  opportunities and jobs, and worries about whether their employers will  continue to operate here in the United States of America.   Of course, the problem with our corporate tax system isn't just that  it incentivizes companies to move offshore or discourages businesses  from forming here in the United States in the first place; the problems  actually run much deeper.   Since 1947, the average growth of inflation-adjusted GDP in the  United States has been 3.2 percent. Unfortunately, in the 8 years of  the Obama administration, the growth rate was an anemic 1.8 percent.  [[Page S3943]]    I know that several of my colleagues would, in response to those data  points, argue that much of that is due to the great recession that took  place at the initial stages of President Obama's time in office;  however, a quick review of the quarterly growth rates since 1947 will  show that there are normally periods of growth following recessions as  the economy rebounds and the values of assets normalize again. In the  case of the great recession of 2008 to 2009, that normal rebound did  not occur, and a big reason why is the downward pressure imposed by our  outdated tax scheme. Let's remember that the recession ended in June  2009--more than 8 years ago.   Others still might argue that this is all academic. They might even  be brazen enough to claim that when we talk about the corporate tax  rate, we are talking about the problems of the rich and not the middle  class. Again, anyone making such an argument would simply be ignoring  the facts and could be considered an idiot. Make no mistake--the  crippling corporate tax rate in our country has stifled growth and  investment in American businesses. This doesn't just impact Wall Street  investors or rich CEOs, it has a negative effect on the middle class  and on lower income workers. That effect comes in the form of fewer  jobs, less investment in America, and sluggish growth and productivity  that fuels wage and income growth.   Since 1953, real median family income in the United States--meaning  that half of the country earned more and half of the country earned  less--has grown at an average rate of 1.3 percent. Under the Obama  administration, that same indicator--one of the best indicators of the  true status of the middle class--grew at approximately half that rate,  or 0.7 percent. The growth of the average hourly earnings of production  and nonsupervisory workers during the Obama administration was half of  the historic long-run average. What is more, labor force participation  was set firmly on a downward trajectory throughout the Obama  administration and has yet to recover.   As you can see, there is clear evidence that the economy is not  working well for many American workers and middle-class families.  Anyone arguing that our current tax system is a benefit to the middle  class is, in my view, sadly misinformed or being deliberately  misleading.   Over the years, I have seen many of my friends on the other side come  to the Senate floor demanding new standards, higher wages, and  increased protections for middle-class workers. Yet many of the tax  policies they tend to support would have the opposite effect.   There is almost universal agreement among economists that the  corporate tax is the most inefficient tax in existence. In addition, a  large percentage--some economists say as much as 75 percent--of the  burden imposed by the corporate tax is borne by a corporation's  employees. In other words, our high corporate tax rate isn't just a  burden on faceless corporations or rich shareholders, the burden is  disproportionately borne by the factory workers and scientists and even  the janitors who work for corporations, large and small.   A reduced corporate tax rate would allow American companies to  compete with their international counterparts on a more level playing  field. A reduced corporate tax rate would mean fewer businesses would  move offshore, taking their jobs and investments elsewhere. A reduced  corporate tax rate would incentivize more new companies to set up shop  in the United States and lead more established companies to invest  their capital and hire workers here rather than in lower tax  jurisdictions found in places like Canada, the UK, Ireland, or  elsewhere.    Mr. President, our shared goal should be to make the United States an  inviting place to locate a business, invest, hire workers, and create  new ideas and products, but that will not be the case so long as we  cling to our punitive corporate tax system.   Now, of course, when it comes to tax reform, our focus needs to move  beyond the corporate tax rates. We need to talk about making the  individual tax system simpler and fairer and offer tax relief to the  middle class and small, passthrough businesses. We need to talk more  about fixing our international system to further improve the  competitiveness of American job creators and prevent further erosion of  our tax base. And we need to remove burdens on savings and investment  that keep middle-class Americans from generating and accumulating  wealth for the future.   I am going to talk more about all of these topics and others in the  coming weeks and months.   All of the improvements that we can make on these tax issues will  become key elements of an effective tax reform package. In addition, I  believe they are all areas where Republicans and Democrats can find  agreement if we are all committed to the same goal--growing our economy  to benefit the middle class.   As I have said here on the floor many times, tax reform does not have  to be another partisan exercise. I hope my Democratic colleagues will  opt to join Republicans in this effort. As they have acknowledged the  problems with our current tax system, I sincerely hope they will want  to work with us to find a way to fix that tax system.   As I said, I will have more to say in the near future, but these  issues--our outdated business tax system and profanely high corporate  tax rate--will not simply go away. I personally am committed to fixing  these problems and will work with anyone who is willing to join the  effort in good faith.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Andrew Rollo,  a detailee on the Senate Committee on Finance, be granted floor  privileges for the duration of the Congress.   