 Mr. President, our founders knew that ``while history  does not repeat, it does rhyme.'' That is why they mined the politics  of ancient Greece and Rome for lessons about the promise and the perils  of self-government. In their wisdom, they placed those lessons at the  heart of the American political experiment. Two hundred thirty years  later, that experiment has exceeded their wildest hopes, in no small  part because generation after generation of Americans--including  elected officials, including Members of this body--understood that our  government is far more than the sum of our laws or the letter of our  Constitution. Our system is also held together by rules, written and  unwritten, that help elected officials resolve their differences  without unleashing a downward spiral of recrimination that could  endanger the Republic itself.   They understood, for example, that while civility, compromise, and  cooperation are not required by law, laws cannot pass without them.  They recognized that while the majority may have the power to rule on  its own, it should not trample over the minority. They understood that,  at some point, partisanship should give way to patriotism.   Throughout history, including moments far more difficult than our  own, these principles were the quiet guardrails of our politics,  keeping dysfunction at bay. But in recent years, we have begun tearing  these guardrails down, and in doing so, we risk the revenge of history  by ignoring it.   There is a tendency around here to think that our problems are unique  and that the consequences of our actions are fleeting.   Some 2,400 years ago, the ancient history of Korsia was consumed by  civil war. According to Thucydides, both sides spared ``no means,'' he  wrote, ``in their struggles for ascendancy. . . . In their acts of  vengeance they went to even greater lengths, not stopping at what  justice or the good of the state demanded, but making the party caprice  of the moment their own standard.''   As the civil war intensified, both sides struggled to end it because  ``there was neither promise to be depended upon nor oath that could  command respect; but all parties dwelling rather in their calculation  upon the hopelessness of a permanent state of things, were more intent  upon self-defence than capable of confidence.''   The Founders read Thucydides. They knew that once factions cross the  line, once they violate tradition in an escalating retaliation, it  becomes very hard to turn back.   James Madison in particular understood the peril of faction. He wrote  how people with ``a zeal for different opinions concerning religion,  concerning government, and many other points'' have ``divided mankind  into parties, inflamed them with mutual animosity, and rendered them  much more disposed to vex and oppress each other than to cooperate for  their common good.''   They also feared that, once in power, majority factions would abuse  that power to run roughshod over the minority. In a country with such  diverse beliefs and traditions, doing so could threaten the very  stability of the Republic.   For these reasons, the Founders embedded checks in the design of our  government. That is why in the Senate we represent entire states, not  gerrymandered districts. Colorado, for example, has roughly equal  numbers of Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. That is why the  Senate gives smaller States disproportionate representation, with  Colorado receiving the same votes as California.   That is why traditions of the Senate hand the minority tools to  encourage consensus between political parties. The filibuster is one of  those tools, and it has been used for good and for ill throughout our  history. By requiring the consent of 60 Senators to proceed on key  votes, the filibuster ensures that the legislation we pass and the  nominations we approve reflect at least a modest level of consensus.  The filibuster is meant as a tool of last resort, but in recent years  it has become yet another weapon in our endless partisan warfare. It  was not always that way.   From George Washington to George W. Bush, the filibuster was used  just 68 times against Presidential nominees. But during just the first  5 years of the Obama administration, Republicans used the filibuster 79  times against his nominees. That was my first term in the Senate, and  at that time, I saw the filibuster the way many Americans still do--as  an undemocratic tool for delay and gridlock. So in 2013, after  unprecedented Republican obstruction of highly qualified nominees, I  voted with the Democratic majority to end the 60-vote threshold for  most Presidential nominations, invoking what is known as the nuclear  option.   Although Republicans were wrong to abuse the rules, Democrats were  wrong to change them. Even as we changed the rules, however, we made a  point to retain the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations,  recognizing their profound influence on our country's laws.   Last year, dysfunction in the Senate reached a new low when Senator  McConnell denied Judge Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee for  the vacancy left by the late Justice Scalia, the courtesy of even a  hearing, to say nothing of a vote. That was an offense to the  traditions of this body and our Constitution.   I recognize that it is impossible to separate politics from the  courts, but at the same time, we must not allow the judiciary--and  especially the Supreme Court--to become a pure extension of our  partisan elections and politics. Alexander Hamilton wrote that  ``liberty can have nothing to fear from the judiciary alone, but would  have everything to fear from its union with either of the other  departments.'' Continuing, he wrote that because of ``the natural  feebleness of the judiciary, it is in continual jeopardy of being  overpowered, awed, or influenced by its co-ordinate branches.''   Our actions over the last few years--and I would say over the last  few days--jeopardize not only the Senate,  [[Page S2347]]  but also the judiciary. Today, some of my colleagues plan to filibuster  President Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch. The  Republican leadership has responded by threatening to invoke the  nuclear option, which would eliminate for all time the 60-vote  threshold for Supreme Court nominees and allow them to confirm Judge  Gorsuch with the narrowest partisan majority. This is precisely the  outcome our Founders feared, when lifetime appointments to our highest  Court, which touches every aspect of American life, become just another  partisan exercise. We must not go down this road.   This President may have several more opportunities to nominate a  Supreme Court Justice during his term. If that happens, Republicans  would face enormous pressure to nominate an extreme candidate, knowing  that they could confirm them without a single Democratic vote--indeed,  that they would be expected to confirm them without a single Democratic  vote. And to those who believe that President Trump could not nominate  someone more outside the mainstream than Judge Gorsuch, I would say to  just look at some of President Trump's Cabinet nominees, some of whom  are among the least qualified and most radical ever confirmed by this  body. By the way, under the change to the rules that we made, it is the  first Cabinet to be confirmed requiring just 51 and not 60 votes.   Not to put too fine a point on it, but if you don't like the ring of  Judge Gorsuch, how do you feel about Justice Pruitt, who doesn't  believe in climate change, or Justice Sessions, who has a record of  opposing civil rights and equality? If we continue down this path, both  of those could be confirmed with a slim majority vote.   With respect to Judge Gorsuch, I am proud he is from Colorado. But I  am concerned by his judicial approach, which too often seems to rely on  the narrowest interpretation of the law with little appreciation for  its context. In particular, I believe he has far too much confidence in  the original meaning of the words in legislation or, for that matter,  even the Constitution. Having worked on legislation for nearly a decade  now, I know these words, so often written in the dead of night in  meager attempts to let everybody go home, cannot be explained without  reference to the legislative context or human history or lawmakers'  intent. Sometimes a comma really does end up in the wrong place.   Although I have reservations about his approach to the law, I do not  have reservations about his qualifications for the Court. He is a  committed and honorable public servant, and that is why so many members  of the Colorado bar and bench support his nomination. Qualified  nominees deserve an up-or-down vote. That is the tradition of this  body. How members vote is a matter of conscience for each of us.   For all of these reasons, and in the hope of preserving the  minority's voice in our government, which so many generations before us  have done, I will oppose efforts to filibuster this nomination. If we  go down this road, we will undermine the minority's ability to check  this administration and all those who follow.   Today we have a President who does not appreciate the separation of  powers and who has made unprecedented attacks on the free press and the  judiciary. The country needs an empowered Senate minority right now,  more than ever. More than that, the country needs a Senate that can  forge a consensus about our future, rather than carrying on the bitter  and tired divisions of the past. I know it can be hard. I have been  here long enough to know it can be hard for both sides to see beyond  the partisan tactics of the moment. Lawmakers will never lack for an  excuse to break with custom or change the rules to their benefit. They  may even argue, as some recently have, that the damage is not that  bad--that everything can continue on as normal.   We should know better than that. Our Founders certainly did. They  would recognize our path today in the currents of history. The Roman  Republic endured for nearly 500 years, but it was brought low by events  that should seem eerily familiar to people in this Chamber.   In 60 BCE, the Roman Senate was consumed by a controversial land  reform initiative. One side was led by a Senator named Cato; the other,  Julius Caesar. To stop land reform and other initiatives, Cato employed  delay tactics similar to the filibuster, freezing the Roman Senate for  months. While the action was within the rules, it broke with Senate  custom. Caesar vowed to press forward. Cato's allies responded by  declaring a religious holiday for the rest of the legislative calendar,  stopping the reform effort in its tracks.   In a further break with precedent, Caesar bypassed the Senate and  took the bill to the people's assembly for approval. Furious, Cato's  allies boycotted the government and postponed the next election by 3  months. While Caesar eventually triumphed, the incident intensified a  cascade of recrimination that the Roman Senate struggled to escape.  Legislative strikes, delayed elections, and believe it or not,  shutdowns grew in frequency. Manufactured crises became routine.   As the dysfunction grew, the Senate became increasingly irrelevant,  as power flowed to Caesar and military leaders. Even as Senators  recognized the danger, they failed to correct course. Too much damage  had been done. Centuries-long custom had been broken. Trust among  Senators had eroded. Confidence in the body collapsed.   As dysfunction in the Senate rose, so did popular calls for a  strongman to clean up the mess. Within a decade, Caesar crossed the  Rubicon with an army, and the Republic soon gave way to tyranny. It  would take 1,300 years for another large Republic to emerge--this time  in the United States of America.   Unlike us, our Founders knew this history as well as their own. But  they could not guarantee that we would heed its lessons. That is why  they built institutions to check the worst impulses of faction, to help  us navigate profoundly consequential decisions--like confirmations for  the Supreme Court--without tearing each other apart. But the Founders  also placed their faith in the willingness of elected officials to  resist the lure of narrow interests or passions of the moment and rise  up to defend their institutions and our traditions, especially in hard  times. We must not betray their faith.   With each escalating crisis, we damage not just the Senate, but the  Republic. The Rubicon may be far, but with each rule and custom broken,  we draw nearer. Choices on both sides have brought us to this low  point, but I have faith that we can choose--and we should choose--a  different path. We can choose to step back from the brink to find  common ground, to fulfill our obligation in the time we are serving  here to sustain the American experiment for the next century and  beyond.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   