 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3441, the Save Local  Business Act.   For hardworking men and women in this country, one of the most  important relationships they develop in the workplace is the  relationship they have with their employer. This relationship is  paramount to every worker's success. It is a relationship that impacts  their paycheck, their schedule, their benefits, and the future of their  career.   Unfortunately, under the Obama administration, we repeatedly saw  government bureaucrats pursue regulatory policies that harmed workers  and small businesses. The National Labor Relations Board's decision in  Browning-Ferris is a prime example.   In that decision, the Board placed itself squarely in the middle of  the employer-employee relationship by redefining what it means to be a  joint employer.   The Education and the Workforce Committee has been fighting to roll  back this extreme joint employer scheme since it first took effect, and  for good reason. It discarded settled labor policy and blurred the  lines of responsibility for decisions affecting the daily operations of  local businesses across this country. Quite simply, the scheme is a  threat to jobs, entrepreneurship, and local employers across the  country.   I have heard from small businesses and franchises across my district  about how the new joint employer scheme will upend small businesses,  undermine their independence, and put jobs, livelihoods, and dreams at  risk.   It is time to settle once and for all what constitutes a joint  employer, not through arbitrary and misguided NLRB decisions and  rulings by activist judges, but through legislation. The Save Local  Business Act will roll back this unworkable scheme and restore the same  straightforward joint employer test that workers and job creators  relied on for decades.   The Save Local Business Act is about providing certainty for job  creators in each and every one of our districts. It is about keeping  the American Dream within reach.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 3441.   