 Mr. President, when I woke up this morning I was  remembering some of the Old West stories about catching the culprit and  hanging him. Then we got a little more sophisticated out West, and we  said: You know, we need to give that person a fair trial and then hang  him.   Sometimes I feel like these Cabinet position hearings are exactly  that. They let the person ask questions. They ask very leading  questions. I am not sure anybody listens to the answers. Then they have  to answer a whole bunch of questions. I am not sure anybody reads the  answers to those questions, and if they do, any time you read  something, there can be a certain bias that is built into it. I am  sorry that is happening to Cabinet after Cabinet after Cabinet  position.   Traditionally, a President has gotten the Cabinet that he wanted,  often in the first week that he was in. Some of them got it on the  first day they were in.   This is a key position for the President. But we have to remember  that he doesn't get to make any final decisions. He gets to recommend  to the President and make a presentation to the President on what there  ought to be, and then the President presents a budget.   Looking back over the last 8 years, we have voted on the President's  budget. For 7 years, the President got zero votes. That means his  budget did not go into place. In the eighth year, he got one vote. I am  hoping that Representative Mulvaney can do a considerably better job  than that in outlining what our needs are, presenting it to the  President, and getting some agreement so that we can get this country  on a plan to where we can quit increasing the $20 trillion debt burden  which faces us because of the 8 years of anemic economic and policy  growth we have had.   With unprecedented attempts to delay the new Cabinet, Senate  Democrats have ensured the President has been without an OMB Director  longer than any other President in the past 40 years. The reason I use  40 years is that is as long as that position has been in place.   According to Senate records, from President Jimmy Carter to President  Obama, the longest it ever took to approve a first budget director for  new Presidents was 1 week--1 week. We are now in week 4 and with little  movement. As Majority Leader McConnell said last week, this is the  slowest time for a new Cabinet to be up and running since President  George Washington--and that was last week that he said that.   It is vital we fill this position. I am hopeful Mr. Mulvaney and the  OMB will ensure that the taxes of hard-working Americans sent to  Washington are spent in the most effective and efficient way. The  Federal Government has not been currently focused on making sure hard- working taxpayers get the best deal for their money. A new OMB Director  focused on responsible budgeting can help ensure the duplication of  government programs and agencies is discovered and it is addressed.  This will help the Federal Government to be more accountable and more  effective.   I remember walking over to the inauguration next to the new Senator  from Maryland, who talked to me about Mulvaney and said that he was  kind of impressed that the two of them had agreed on some budgetary  principles. That was a bit of a shock to me.   The Government Accountability Office every year outlines tens of  billions of dollars in savings that can be achieved through various  efficiency measures. OMB can play an important role in ensuring that  spending programs don't duplicate each other. That is what Mulvaney is  excited about. Additionally, reforming and consolidating these programs  can ensure they focus on real needs and be managed with an eye toward  real results.   Several years ago, Congress passed a law requiring the administration  to list all Federal programs on a central governmentwide website, along  with related budget and performance information, maybe saying how many  people work there and how many customers they serve. Unfortunately,  when the program lists were put online, GAO reviewed the information  and discovered that the inventory, in their own words, was ``not a  useful tool for decisionmaking.'' That has to change. Mulvaney can  change that. Even if the government can't answer that question, we can  find strong evidence that the numbers are on the rise, and Mr. Mulvaney  will be able to play a crucial role in taming the unchecked growth of  the Federal Government.   To conclude, I have full faith in Representative Mulvaney. That is  why I am asking you today to take my word for his capability. I do take  my word very seriously. Please support Representative Mulvaney for this  important position and get this position onboard so we can do the work  that we are supposed to do--one of which is to get a budget from the  President by today. That is not going to be possible because he doesn't  have anybody to do the budget yet. Then, we can get on with the  business of this country. We have been working on some bipartisan  budget processes that we can do. We will get that done, too, with his  help, with the President's help, and with help from both sides of the  aisle. We badly need it.   I ask for support for Representative Mulvaney.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   