 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, last week TrumpCare died, and lots of  people are trying to figure out exactly what happened. In my view, it  was not a lack of strategy; it was not a lack of effort; it was not a  lack of personal relationship between the Speaker and the President. It  died because the policy stank. It died because people actually--left,  right, and center--decided that cutting Medicaid by $900 billion in  order to provide a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans of the exact  same amount was just not a good idea in policy or in politics.   Now that TrumpCare has crashed and burned, Republicans are  essentially going to try to do the same thing--tax cuts for the rich.  Yet, this time, instead of funding it by cutting Medicaid, they are  going to charge people more for groceries. Here is their proposal: They  want to cut taxes for corporations again. That is what they want to do.  Whether one is talking about infrastructure or whether one is talking  about healthcare or whether one is talking about so-called tax reform,  their solution to everything is to cut taxes for corporations. They  want to cut taxes for corporations again, but this time American  families will pay for it through taxes on groceries and the other stuff  they have to buy on a day-to-day basis.   We have seen this before. It is a giveaway for corporations and the  wealthiest among us, but, as usual, they have to find a pay-for, a way  to make the arithmetic work, a way to pay for it. They are going to  keep proposing so-called solutions for healthcare, infrastructure, or  in this case tax reform, but they are basically the same proposal. It  is a subsidy for Wall Street. It is because they cannot help  themselves.   This particular giveaway will cost the average American family  thousands of dollars. Families will have to pay more for gas, medicine,  clothes, cars, food. That is how a so-called border adjustment tax  works. Everything one buys in the United States will be taxed, and  everything outside of the United States will not be taxed. The sort of  principle behind that is that somehow we are going to stimulate exports  and disincentivize imports. It is not just that you are paying more on  the stuff that is imported; it is that everything in the United States  that you purchase you will have to pay more for in order to incentivize  exports. But all you are doing is charging the American people more.  This is essentially a sales tax.   I talked to members of my staff, and they were trying to get into the  sort of technocratic, legal details about whether it is technically a  sales tax or a value-added tax or a border adjustment tax that fits  into some other legal category. But for a regular person, it does not  matter what you call it; if you pay more and the government is  collecting it, it is an increase in taxes.   They are going to dazzle you with complexity, and I think some in the  House Republican leadership are very skillful at trying to make this  more complicated than it is. They are trying to dazzle you with  complexity so you do not know what they are doing. They are raising  taxes on groceries and all of the stuff you buy. That is their version  of tax reform.   I can understand. The Tax Code is awful, it is a mess, and we have  been trying to do tax reform for I think 30 years. It is not  unreasonable for the average American to say ``Yes, you ought to reform  the Tax Code,'' but, remember, when they talk tax reform, they want you  to have to go to the store and buy a steak, a hotdog, a head of  lettuce, gasoline, pillows, diapers, paper--whatever you need--and it  is going to cost more with so-called tax reform. If they succeed, the  average American family could pay up to $1,700 more per year in order  that corporations can get their tax cuts. Think about what $1,700 means  for families across the country. For a family of four, with two kids in  middle school, $1,700 pays for a few months' worth of groceries. In  Hawaii, $1,700 will cover rent for a month, and in lots of other  places, it will cover rent for 4 or 5 months. For some people, it pays  a year's worth of an electric bill. In the State of Hawaii, it will pay  for 4 or 5 months of your electric bill.   We know for certain this will hurt consumers, but on a macroeconomic  level--in other words, for the entire country--we have no idea what a  border adjustment tax would actually do in terms of our international  relationships.   I understand. I voted against the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the  trade promotion authority. I have been very, very concerned about the  extent to which we have not been getting the better of these trade  deals, especially when it comes to people who are in unions across the  country. But we do not want to engage in a trade war. We do not want to  screw up American manufacturing, American farming. We have no idea what  the impact would be. Even if one is willing to accept increasing the  cost of goods in the United States for some theoretical possibility  that this will incentivize exports, we have no idea what it is going to  do to the American economy overall. Even in the best-case scenario,  entire industries will fall apart.   Take tourism. In 2016 alone, tourism supported nearly 5.5 million  American jobs directly and almost 10 million more in industries like  restaurants and retail. The tourism industry pumps $2.6 billion into  our economy every day. That is more than $30,000 per second.   I will say one other thing about tourism. As we worry about  automation, as we worry about artificial intelligence, as we worry  about a global economy that is going to eviscerate some of our core  industries, tourism is one thing that cannot be taken away from us. If  people want to go to Los Angeles, if people want to go to Cleveland, if  people want to go to Hawaii, if people want to go to St. Louis, MO, or  Kansas City, MO, or Florida, these are jobs that cannot be taken away.  So if you want to infuse cash into an economy, create a tourism  economy--all of these jobs and all of this revenue will be under threat  if this works out the way they want it to work out because the dollar  will be so strong that Americans will want to travel abroad and  foreigners will want to travel far, far away from us.   Why are we punishing consumers and small businesses? Why are we  putting entire industries at risk? House Republicans will tell you it  is because they think the corporate tax is too high, but here is the  truth: Right now, major corporations have huge teams of tax lawyers who  set up fake shell companies so that they get around paying Federal  taxes at all, or they abuse loopholes to drastically lower what they  owe to the U.S. Government. That is why we see some corporations that  end up paying zero dollars in Federal income tax year after year even  though they are making a healthy profit in the United States.   Together, Republicans and Democrats should be going after these tax  dodgers. Instead of just getting rid of loopholes, they have decided to  tax consumers. This makes no sense, and that is why we have to stop it.   Last week, we saved healthcare for 24 million Americans because  people  [[Page S1985]]  across the country of all political persuasions stood up to fight. This  week, the fight goes on. Once again, far too many people are in the  crosshairs. I believe strongly that so long as we continue to stand  together, we can win this one too. A huge tax cut for the wealthy  cannot be funded by increasing the cost of groceries.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   