 ``When vacancies happen in the representation from any  State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of election to  fill such vacancies.   ``The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other  officers; and shall have the sole power of impeachment.''    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for his fine work  on this important issue.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the REINS Act because  it fulfills a promise Congress made to American businessowners to get  onerous regulations off the backs of job creators.   It sets a very reasonable standard. If a new regulation has an  economic impact of $100 million or more, it needs to come to Congress  for an up-or-down vote. Congress will then have a say. We will debate  the merits, and then we will decide.   The Obama administration handed down a record-breaking 600 major new  regulations imposing hundreds of billions of dollars in costs on the  U.S. economy and millions of hours of compliance busywork on the  employers and employees across the country.   All of that excessive red tape places a huge burden on small- and  medium-sized businesses that create jobs in New Jersey, the State I  represent, and across the Nation. I have toured quite a few businesses,  and the consensus is clear: let American workers innovate, build, and  create, and not spend time complying with regulations that are  impractical and often a waste of time and money.   The REINS Act is constitutional. It does not violate the Chadha  doctrine because it does not permit Congress to overturn valid  regulations. Also, a joint resolution satisfies the bicameralism and  presentment requirements of the Constitution.   The REINS Act will bring an important check against out-of-control  Federal regulations and foster stronger economic growth. It is an  important start to the agenda of the 115th Congress, and I urge all of  our colleagues to support this important piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 11.   The U.N. resolution, on the other hand, is vastly disproportionate  and includes language that seems designed to provoke Israel.  Categorizing the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest site, as occupied  territory is entirely inappropriate.  [[Page H161]]    I believe that President Obama should have directed the United States  to veto the U.N. resolution. Instead, our Ambassador sat silent.  Abstaining on this vote handed a victory to the forces that wish to  delegitimate Israel.   This resolution erects a greater barrier between the two sides,  hindering critical negotiations. The peace process must be negotiated  bilaterally by Israel and the Palestinians with support, not  provocation, by outside actors.   In this new year and new Congress, we should act to reassert a  position of strength on the world stage. We must stand by our allies,  including our strongest ally in the Middle East, Israel. This country  should have exercised its veto power as it has done before and thwarted  this divisive anti-Israel effort.    Please vote ``yes'' on this resolution.   