 Mr. Chairman, the economic downturn in 2008 caused  Michiganders and folks around the country to lose their jobs, families  to lose their savings, and even some to lose their homes. Since that  time, folks on the other side of the aisle have been attempting to  convince the American people that the Dodd-Frank Act is ``the answer''  to the financial crisis, despite the law failing to actually address  the root cause of the downturn. In reality, Dodd-Frank has made it more  difficult for hardworking taxpayers to secure a future for themselves  and their children by denying them the economic recovery that they  deserve.   Hardworking Americans rely on capital markets to save for everything  from college to retirement. We as Congress must act to eliminate the  burdensome and unnecessary red tape created under Dodd-Frank to ensure  U.S. capital markets remain the most effective in the world so that all  investors can receive the greatest return on their investments.   Since Dodd-Frank, our capital markets have become less stable, less  efficient, and less liquid, which has made it more difficult for small  businesses and American job creators around the country to access the  necessary financial resources in order to expand and create jobs. In  fact, Dodd-Frank has severed access to the capital markets for Main  Street businesses and entrepreneurs who are the heartbeat of the  American economy.   In order to succeed, small and growing companies need capital and  credit--the lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job creation. Yet the  government has continued to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off  from essential financing as smaller companies are caught in a sea of  red tape created by Washington bureaucrats.   Enough is enough. In order to increase economic opportunity, we must  enact commonsense regulatory reform and restore accountability to Wall  Street and to Washington. The House Financial Services Committee  achieves this goal through the carefully crafted CHOICE Act, which we  are debating here today.   The Financial CHOICE Act eliminates Dodd-Frank's one-size-fits-all  regulatory structure which has strangled community financial  institutions with overly burdensome regulations that were meant for the  largest banks here in America.    Mr. Chairman, by enacting the CHOICE Act, community  banks and credit unions can utilize their resources to help their  individual customers and small businesses achieve financial  independence. If we want small businesses to continue to be the engine  of economic growth, we must remove the regulatory red tape that is  preventing community lenders from supporting these small business job  creators.   We hold Wall Street accountable. We hold the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau accountable, and we make it more effective to do its  job. No government agency should be unaccountable to the American  taxpayer.   Dodd-Frank was a larger social agenda waiting for a crisis, and I  understand that from my friends on the other side; but today, small  businesses and hardworking Americans continue to pay the price.   The Financial CHOICE Act enacts progrowth reforms, restores  accountability, and provides opportunity. I encourage a ``yes'' vote.    Mr. Chair, I support this amendment offered by  Congressman Hollingsworth, who is a great member of our committee.   But folks watching this, you have to understand what is going on. You  just heard about how we are trying to roll back things, roll back  bipartisan consensus. We have bipartisan consensus on this.   This very issue was in a bill that was proposed by current OMB  Director Mick Mulvaney. In fact, when it came out of committee, there  were 4 ``no'' votes against it. The ranking member herself voted for  this very issue in a Business Development Corporation bill, a BDC bill,  that had been sponsored the last Congress. In addition, the omnibus  bill that had passed had this very provision in it as well.   So what you are seeing is hypocrisy, at best. Gamesmanship and  politics really is probably what is going on.   This amendment builds upon a bipartisan provision in the CHOICE Act  that directs the SEC to do something that had been an oversight. It is  streamlining these securities-offering provisions.   I know it is complicated and very esoteric, but these well-known,  seasoned issuers, or WKSIs as they are known, really have been a secure  and safe way of investing for Joe and Janet retirement investor. That  is what I like to the call them. It is my mom and dad and your mom and  dad, us, and our brothers and sisters. It is retail investors. What  this amendment does is conforms the filing and offering regulations for  closed-end funds to those traditional operating companies.    With that, I offer my support and encourage support. Let's stop the  hypocrisy and politics.   