 Mr. President, let me first agree with the point that the  Senator from South Carolina just made about the importance of passing a  tax bill this year. He made the point--and if he didn't, I will make  it--that if we don't pass a tax bill this year or at least get most of  the way there--I hope we get done with this tax process this year. If  we don't get that done, I think we won't have another opportunity to  pass a tax bill in the next 4 years.   On the other hand, if we do pass a tax bill this year, we will have  the incentive to take a second look in 2019, maybe 2020, but probably  in 2019. The point I am making is, we don't have to do everything that  could possibly be done to improve the Tax Code this year to take an  important step. But if we don't take that important step, my belief is  we are likely not going to have the kind of tax relief that working  families need in the next 4 years. So not only is the pressure on the  Republican Senate, the Republican House, and a White House that wants  to work with us to get this done, but the pressure should be on  everyone who cares about hard-working families. And the pressure should  be on everyone who wants to see tax relief for those families happen.  We need to understand that it needs to happen now.   Fights that can't be won in the next few weeks can be won in this  Presidential term but only if we take this step successfully right now.  As the Senator from South Carolina and others have pointed out, this is  an important two-step process.   The first step is a budget that allows us to move forward so that we  can do this under the budget rules and allow 51 Senators to pass a bill  on tax reform. By the way, they don't have to be 51 Republicans. I  suspect that is what will happen, but once we get to 51 Republicans, I  would love to see Democrats join us. I would love to see them join us  before that.   This is the kind of help that hard-working families need--families  who, for 9 years, were stuck in a situation where their buying power  wasn't increasing, their job opportunities weren't increasing. They  generally were not seeing that better job out there that was largely  available to those very same hard-working families in the past because  we aren't as competitive as we need to be.   There ought to be a couple of things we focus on. One is, how do you  create tax relief for working families right now so that, as soon as  possible, they begin to see a check that has more take-home pay? The  other way to increase take-home pay is to increase starting pay, to  make those jobs better. That is where we need to be looking on the  other end of the spectrum.   On the end that creates jobs, what do we need to do to make ourselves  more competitive? What do we need to do to constantly have the kind of  pressure on the working job market that allows people who are working  hard for a living to have better opportunities than they would have  otherwise because we are more competitive than we would be otherwise?   I think the entire focus of this discussion should be, what do we do  that improves the opportunities and improves the future for hard- working families? You can do that with a tax cut right now, which we  should do. You can do that with policies that make more sense as we try  to compete with the people we compete with around the world.   You can't have the highest corporate tax in the entire world and  assume you are going to be the most competitive country in the entire  world. You can't have a tax system that is uniquely different as it  relates to products you sell overseas and expect to be more competitive  than the countries who don't have that unique system, which penalizes  rather than encourages American products to be sold in other places.   The Senate will vote later today on a budget resolution that reduces  Federal spending by $5 trillion over 10 years, provides a stronger  foundation for economic growth, and allows us to move forward in the  first, necessary legislative step in the Senate so that we can then  move immediately to tax policy. This is a budget that will allow us to  reduce taxes by $1.5 trillion over 10 years, a budget that would put  more money in the pockets of hard-working families, a budget that would  add some opportunity to that struggle where, for almost a decade now,  things haven't seemed to be getting better or easier. They seemed to be  getting more difficult because we were less competitive and there was  less pressure to find the workforce to do the jobs that need to be  done. And then this is a tax code that will make it simpler and fairer  and more uniformly impactful on everyone who pays taxes.   Most people don't mind paying taxes on the income they have until  they find out that their neighbor next door with the same income has  figured out how not to pay taxes. There is a reason American families  and American businesses can't get through April without a bottle of  aspirin. There is a reason this Tax Code creates headache after  headache.   There is one estimate that individuals and businesses complying with  the complicated tax system we have costs $267 billion a year. That is  half of the defense budget. If people are spending half of the defense  budget just to comply with the Tax Code, there has to be something  wrong with that, and we can do better. I think the proposals we are  talking about will do a better job.   Right now, the individual Tax Code has seven different brackets-- seven rates--and you have to figure out how they apply to whatever  income you have had. It has 100 different credits, deductions,  exclusions, and other provisions that make it extremely difficult to  know what you owe or when you are going to owe what you owe.   According to the American Action Forum, the IRS currently imposes 8.1  billion hours of paperwork on Americans, which amounts to about 54  hours per taxpayer who is paying taxes. It is more for some, less for  some, but a week's worth of work--54 hours of work--for taxpayers who  pay their taxes. Every taxpayer gives that week to the Federal  Government.   We are streamlining the Tax Code, increasing the basic deduction that  families can have. If they don't want to go through the complicated Tax  Code--here is how many of us there are who live at our house. Here is  the basic deduction we get for each of those people living at our  house. Here is how much we subtract from the money we make. Here is how  much we need to pay.   There is no reason that one of the compliance options can't be a  postcard or a piece of paper. In fact, when the current income tax was  imposed on the American people, the entire set of instructions were on  one page--the entire set of instructions for everyone who had to fill  out the income tax form--with the assurance that only the richest  people would ever pay any income tax, so most Americans would never  have had to read that instruction sheet at all.   Now most Americans find it almost impossible to read the 100 pages of  instructions that just get them to the Tax Code itself. Streamlining  the Tax Code, helping families keep more of their money, figuring out a  way we can be more competitive so there is opportunity for better jobs  in the future, all should be important priorities for this Congress.   Passing a budget today will allow us to take the first step, which  then allows us to take the next step in tax relief that matters and  makes sense to the American people. We will take that step today. We  should take that step today.   We should then follow up as quickly as possible to win the fights  that can be won this year so Americans can start next year  understanding that their Tax Code is simpler, the Tax Code is fairer,  and their opportunities are  [[Page S6602]]  likely to be greater. But for hard-working families, their take-home  pay will definitely be higher than it is today.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   