 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the  underlying bill. When I was growing up, I am sure, like most of us here  in this body, I was fortunate to be surrounded by hardworking,  dedicated teachers who cared about me, challenged me, and helped me  succeed.   Throughout our public schools in any State and across the country,  there are teachers who are giving everything they have to help students  thrive.   Carolyn, a teacher from Louisville, is a great example. Carolyn  shared with me how she spends her own personal money on school supplies  for students who can't afford to buy their own. To help mitigate this  cost, there is a Federal tax deduction that allows teachers to get back  up to $250 of their personal money they put towards supplies in their  classroom, but the bill before us denies Carolyn and all of the other  teachers that deduction and eliminates the tax benefits in the name of  cutting taxes for wealthy international corporations.   This bill also rolls back a critical education tax benefit that  allows employers to provide up to $5,250 of tuition assistance, pretax.   In practice, it encourages workforce training and apprenticeship  programs. In fact, this very week is National Apprenticeship Week, and  yet the Republican tax bill pulls the rug out from under businesses and  workers, actually discouraging apprenticeships by stopping this tax  benefit.   Mr. Speaker, I was privileged to serve, before I came here, as the  chairman of our State Board of Education and school superintendent. I  wanted to be the ranking member of the Early Childhood, Elementary and  Secondary Education Subcommittee. I have really seen how important  these tax benefits are to teachers and students.   I offered amendments last night in Rules to simply restore these  important tax credits for children. Unfortunately, in a party-line  vote, my amendments were denied.   These damaging provisions are just a small part of the overall  harmful, misguided attempt at tax reform. Let us reset and let us begin  a bipartisan discussion about tax reform that values education,  educators, and kids. For this reason and so many others, I oppose the  rule and the underlying bill, and I suggest a ``no'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   