 Mr. President, I rise, along with Senator Warren and my  other colleagues this evening, to oppose this action by President-Elect  Trump and congressional Republicans to take health care away from tens  of thousands of New Mexicans.  [[Page S146]]    Let me be clear. What President-Elect Trump and Republicans are doing  now will throw health care into chaos. It is reckless. It will hurt  thousands of New Mexicans and millions of Americans. The worst part is,  the Republicans have no plan to replace care they will take away.   The Affordable Care Act is not a perfect law. I have always said we  should work to improve it. It has helped thousands of people in my home  State of New Mexico. Before we passed the Affordable Care Act, New  Mexico had a high rate of people without health insurance. It was one  of the highest in our region and in the country. Since 2010, that  number has gone down 44 percent--pretty incredible.   Countless people have written me, called my office, and stopped me on  the street to tell me how relieved they are to have health care. Others  tell me we can't afford to go back to having insurance companies in  charge, we can't go back to caps on coverage, back to allowing  corporations to deny care because of a preexisting condition, and back  to lifetime limits.   Tonight I want to share what just a few of my constituents have told  me.   ``Save my daughter.'' That was the heartbreaking plea that came to me  from one of my constituents, Kevin from Albuquerque. Kevin's 33-year- old daughter Amber has multiple sclerosis. It is a tough disease, as we  all know.   To treat her MS, Amber must follow an exact and rigorous drug  regimen, coupled with regular visits to her neurologist and annual  MRIs. The retail cost of her drugs is $60,000 per year. Her doctor  visits and MRIs would run into the thousands of dollars.   Amber works. In fact, she has a good-paying job, but her employer  does not provide health insurance. Amber purchases health insurance  through the individual open market without Affordable Care Act  subsidies. Amber is able to work because she gets the medical care she  needs through insurance. Kevin fears his daughter will lose the right  to health insurance if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. The ACA  makes it illegal for an insurance company to deny you coverage if you  have a preexisting condition such as MS.   The Affordable Care Act provides assurance that Amber will get the  coverage she needs to remain healthy, to lead a normal life, to work,  to contribute to society, and to stay off public assistance, and to  survive. This one provision protects an estimated 861,000 New Mexicans  and an estimated 134 million Americans. It is a safe bet that all of us  here know at least one person like Amber. It isn't surprising that the  vast majority of Americans--close to 70 percent--want to keep this  protection.   The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates more than one-quarter of all  adults under age 65 have health problems and that could make them  uninsurable without the Affordable Care Act. If President-Elect Trump  and the Republicans get their way, all of this will be at risk. Kevin  is also scared because the cost of treating Amber's disease is so high.  Without the ACA, any insurance company could cut off her health  coverage if her medical expenses exceeded the company's lifetime limit.  This provision protects an estimated 550,000 New Mexicans and an  estimated 105 million Americans.   People who need medical care the most, people with serious medical  problems, have some of the highest medical costs. If President-Elect  Trump and Republicans have their way, care for people like Amber would  be wiped away. I am the father of a daughter, and I am angry this  father has to worry about whether his daughter will get the medical  care she needs to live a healthy and productive life.   Let me tell you about Pam and Mike. They are a husband and wife from  Placitas. They own a small business. They signed up for an insurance  plan under the Affordable Care Act as soon as they could because  premiums before the ACA were too expensive and Pam had a preexisting  condition. Using their new preventive care, they found out that Mike  had an aggressive form of cancer. Thankfully, doctors caught the cancer  at an early stage. Mike was treated at the New Mexico Cancer Center and  is now cured. Pam says there is no question that the ACA saved her  husband's life.   Because of the ACA, private health plans must cover a range of free  preventive services--everything from cancer screening to flu shots.  Over 730,000 New Mexicans now benefit. Discovering a disease early  saves lives and reduces health care costs, but preventive care is  expensive if you are uninsured or poor.   An overwhelming majority of Americans--83 percent, in fact--support  making preventive health care free. What would President-Elect Trump  and Republicans do to make sure Pam and Mike and millions of others can  keep getting cancer screenings? Nothing. They have no plan. They talk  but no plan.   Next, I want to tell you about Karen from Albuquerque, the mother of  two college-aged children. Karen's son graduates next May and turns 23.  She is worried he will not get health insurance for an entry-level job.  Her concern is well-founded since young adults have the lowest rate of  access to employer-based insurance. Young adults do get sick, and one  in six has a chronic illness such as cancer, diabetes, or asthma. Karen  wants her son to have medical care if he needs it.   Today, the ACA allows him to stay on her insurance policy until he  turns 26. This is one of the ACA's most popular provisions. The vast  majority of Americans--85 percent--want young adults to be able to get  insurance, but President-Elect Trump and congressional Republicans  would leave an estimated 15,000 New Mexicans, like Karen's kids, and an  estimated 2.3 million Americans without coverage because they have no  plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.   New Mexico is not a wealthy State. A lot of working people qualify  for Medicaid. New Mexico wisely adopted the Medicaid expansion under  the ACA, allowing 82,000 more people to get health care. Before the  ACA, the only place many New Mexicans could get health care was in the  emergency room. Now many are scared that President-Elect Trump and  Republicans will take their health care away.   Take Amy, her husband, and her four boys--ages 13 to 19. Amy and her  husband own a family business in Sante Fe. Before the ACA, they went  without health insurance because they couldn't afford it. They just  hoped nothing catastrophic happened to them. As soon as she could, Amy  applied for health insurance under the Medicaid expansion. It covers  her, her husband, her oldest son. Amy says she is grateful that because  of the ACA, medical bills will not ``drain us financially.''   There are 8.4 million people across this country like Amy. Like Amy,  many are low-income workers. They have jobs but no health insurance.  They couldn't afford health insurance before the ACA, and they will not  be able to afford it if President-Elect Trump and congressional  Republicans have their way and repeal it with no plan to replace it.   These hard-working Americans deserve good medical care. Americans  agree. Eighty percent favor the Medicaid expansion for low-income,  uninsured adults.   Finally, we have 19 pueblos--Indian pueblos--and 4 tribes in New  Mexico. Native Americans make up more than one-tenth of our population.  As vice chair of this body's Indian Affairs Committee, I represent all  of Indian Country. Native Americans are eligible to receive care  through the Indian Health Service, but it is severely underfunded.   Long delays are common. As a result, many tribal members rely heavily  on Medicare, Medicaid, and the ACA health exchanges. More than 132,000  tribal members are enrolled in Medicaid in New Mexico alone. The All  Pueblo Council of Governors, which represents all 19 pueblos, tells me,  without the ACA, more tribal members will go back to the days of long  delays, many will see their coverage cut.   This is also the subject of an amendment I will be offering. Indian  Health Services' hospitals are heavily dependent on third-party  collections for clinical services. In fact, current Federal funding  covers less than half of their operational costs. Fortunately,  increases in revenue from the Medicaid expansion have offset those  annual costs. But without that revenue, necessary services may no  longer be available throughout Indian country. This is unconscionable.  My amendment would protect the Indian Health Service from any cuts in  Federal funding if the Affordable Care Act is repealed.    There are tens of thousands of stories in New Mexico like those of  Kevin,  [[Page S147]]  Pam, Mike, Karen, and Amy. Over 360,000 New Mexicans have gained health  care since the Affordable Care Act was passed, and over 21 million  Americans have health insurance because of ObamaCare. I have heard from  New Mexicans who are terrified because there is no plan to replace the  Affordable Care Act's protections, benefits, and rights.   Republicans have called to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act  for years. They have had years to figure out how to replace it, and  they have not. They have no plan. Repeal and replace is not a sound  public policy. It is only a sound bite.   Health care is a basic human right. Providing adequate medical care  for everyone should be our guiding principle for health care policy.  What is the guiding principle of repeal and replace? Act now; figure it  out later.   I have said it before: The Affordable Care Act is not perfect, but it  was historic--the biggest expansion of health care since the 1960s. It  has helped millions of Americans get care. Many of them now can see a  doctor regularly for the first time ever.   We need to work to improve, not repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   