 I thank the chair for yielding and for all his hard  work in working together with us to address the issue of gun crime in  this country.   As everyone knows, over the last several years especially, high- profile shootings and violent crime have caught the attention of  Americans all across this country and sparked a debate about what  should be done to reduce gang violence and gun crime in the United  States.   Well, the truth is, there is an answer and a proven solution that  actually worked for many years when I was the sheriff in King County in  Seattle, Washington. It is a program called Project Safe Neighborhoods.  It was first the Safe Cities Initiative by the Clinton-Gore  administration and then changed to Project Safe Neighborhoods under  George Bush.   Through strong partnerships, Federal, State, and local governments  created local gun crime reduction task forces and form coalitions with  other agencies, community groups, and citizens committed to reducing  gun crime.   Between 2001 and 2009, when data was collected on the program, cities  that were first to implement the program achieved a significant decline  in violent crime.   We need to fund this program. The data and the statistics that were  collected that show this is a proven solution was ignored by the  previous administration. Despite the high rates of success for cities  that have implemented the program, funding for the program has steadily  decreased.   My amendment to increase funding for Project Safe Neighborhoods is  fully offset by a reduction to the General Administration account at  the Department of Justice.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to support this amendment.     Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of engaging in a  colloquy with the chairman about the COPS Hiring Program.   Managed by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, or  COPS, the COPS Hiring Program is vital to State and local law  enforcement agencies. The program provides our communities with the  much-needed funding to hire law enforcement officers and meet public  safety demands.   Since its beginning, the COPS Hiring Program has placed more than  129,000 officers in communities across the United States to advance  policing and crime prevention efforts.   Make no mistake, these officers are necessary for the safety of our  neighborhoods, constituents, and loved ones. Staffing challenges not  only jeopardize the safety of our men and women in uniform, but also  directly lead to the breakdown and trust between law enforcement and  our communities.   From my over 33 years of experience in law enforcement, I know that  police departments and sheriffs' offices must have the staff necessary  to engage with their communities and proactively respond to their  needs, instead of running from one call to the next.   COPS Hiring is a proven program that studies have shown reduces crime  without a corresponding increase in arrests. Effective policing lowers  crime rates and builds strong community relationships. Throughout my  time in Congress, I have been fighting to keep this program funded. It  is the same this year.   While I appreciate that the bill before us includes a $100 million  increase for Byrne-JAG law enforcement grant program, and I thank the  chairman for his efforts, I am disappointed that it doesn't provide  funding for the COPS Hiring Program.   As this process moves forward, I urge the chairman to include funding  for the COPS Hiring Program. We must continue this program that has  been so important to State and local law enforcement. This program is  not just good for those who put their lives on the line every day, but  it benefits all citizens as our country works to bridge the gap between  law enforcement and the communities they serve.    I thank the chairman, and I just mention that I know in  my heart his compassion and dedication to the men and women who wear  the uniform across our country. I look forward to working with him in  making sure the COPS program is funded once again.   