 Mr. President, before I start my remarks on the dangers  of nuclear war, I want to take a moment to congratulate the Watertown  High School field hockey program in Massachusetts.   Up until this past week, the Watertown Raiders had not lost a single  field hockey game since November 12, 2008. For nearly 9 years, the  Raiders have been truly perfect. Their 184-game winning streak was our  Nation's longest in high school field hockey history. Their leader,  Head Coach Eileen Donahue, is one of the most historic figures in  Massachusetts high school athletics.   To all the former and current players, coaches, parents and  supporters, I offer my congratulations on this incredible  accomplishment.   Go, Watertown Raiders. Congratulations on a historic streak of  victories.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   