 Thank you very much, Mr. President.   If you look at the United States of America today compared to when my  dad grew up, we have seen very disturbing trends in our economy. In  fact, right now, we do not have the same economy--the same bargain-- that we had in my parents' generation.   Someone who had a minimum wage job back in the fifties or sixties  made the equivalent of over $20 an hour today. The bargain in the  United States of America was that if you were willing to work hard,  willing to sweat, struggle, and sacrifice, you could make ends meet,  and you could make it work.   What we have seen, disturbingly, over the last few decades is that  economy twist and contort. We have seen massive disparities in income  come about in our Nation, with the wealthy getting wealthier and  wealthier, doing better and better, compounding and doubling down on  their privilege, but we have seen the middle class shrinking in the  United States of America and the poverty trap, where people are playing  by the rules, where people are working hard. They see their wages  stagnate while the cost of everything is going up, such as prescription  drug costs, the cost of food and child care, the cost of college. The  bargain in our country is not working now, and we need to do something  to change this.   At a time when American families are feeling the burn and the  challenge of high taxes, low incomes, and high costs, we could be  targeting middle-class Americans, and we could be targeting low-income  earners in a bipartisan tax bill that would not only help those who are  struggling in America, but when we give a tax break to those folks,  that money gets reinvested in our economy because people spend that  money, and we literally have a turbocharge boost to our overall  economy. But that is not what we are seeing right now.   As the Republicans scramble for votes, we are on the verge tonight of  doing something completely counter to what evidence, facts, and logic  would tell us to do if we were going to devise a tax plan to truly help  the middle class, truly help working Americans, truly help those  struggling, wondering why they are not doing as well as their parents  did.   Understand this: 90 percent of baby boomers in America, by the time  they turned 30, were doing better than their parents economically. That  has now been cut in half in the United States of America. If you are a  millennial, born in the eighties, it is now half who are doing better  than their parents because of the challenges I am describing, because  of the economic hardships. The bargain isn't working. Everything is  going up, but wages are stagnant.   We know factually that for the past 40 years, while workers' wages  have failed to rise alongside increased productivity--workers are  getting more and more productive, but for 40 years now, workers' wages  have failed to rise alongside of that increase in productivity. What we  have seen is that corporations' profits have reached a 60-year high.   In our country, it is disturbing when we see indices of social  mobility--the ability for someone born poor to make it out of poverty-- we see other nations, from Canada to classist England, doing better  than we are in increasing social mobility. We see other countries  ``out-Americaning'' us, taking what is the very idea of the American  dream--that every generation should do better than the one before--and  showing more progress toward that dream than we are.   Social mobility, which is integral to our country, is disappearing.  Wages are stagnating. Corporate profits are at an alltime high. Costs  are skyrocketing. Everyone here knows it. I live in the Central Ward of  Newark, NJ. I see it in the faces of families at grocery stores, hard- working families who are working full-time jobs, sometimes dual  earners, finding it hard to make their money stretch to meet their  families' needs, often finding themselves with more month at the end of  their money than money at the end of the month. Families all across  America, sitting at their kitchen tables, are finding it hard to  balance their budgets. Parents who are working two jobs are trying to  figure out how their kids are going to get to college and come out  without tens of thousands--over $100,000 worth of debt.   The bargain is not working, and we should be working in this body to  figure out a way to empower the overall economy and empower middle- class workers. We are not doing enough to help American workers'  incomes grow. We are not doing enough to make the bargain work. We are  not doing enough.   I will tell you this: The tax plan that seems to be moving to the  floor today will not help restore that American bargain. It will not  help reinstate the American progress. It won't get us back to those  days. It won't help American workers. It will actually make things  worse over the long term.   We can debate philosophies about tax codes all we want, but we cannot  debate facts. The fact is that this plan is not pro-growth; it is anti- middle class. It is not pro-worker; it is an even more severe violation  of that bargain between American workers and this Nation that created  our modern economy. It is an affront to the idea of hard work and  earning a living wage in America.   This plan is not investing in the success of American workers. It is  not a plan to give hard workers a break or a boost. It isn't going to  make our economy more fair. The bill is poorly designed and devised by  the President of the United States and by Republicans in Congress to  give a tax cut to those who need it least, on the backs of those  Americans who need it and deserve it most.   Again, this is not partisan rhetoric. A recent nonpartisan report  from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation found that, on  average, Americans earning less than $75,000 will face a tax increase  over the next 10 years under this plan. Remember, adding insult to that  injury, the corporate tax provisions of this plan are permanent, but  the individual tax provisions are not. In other words, this plan  actively targets the folks who are struggling the most. It targets them  with a tax increase and a sunsetting of the provisions that were  intended to help them.   Meanwhile, on the other hand, the biggest corporations and the  wealthiest individuals will receive a massive tax cut, and they will  receive that tax cut--this is not free money. This is borrowed money.  The $1.5 trillion added to our deficit is borrowed money that we will  have to pay for over the long term. It is a massive giveaway to the  wealthiest of people in our country and corporations, all under the  theory that somehow this is going to benefit the average American  worker. It will blow up the deficit and pump more money to the  wealthiest in our country at a time that wealth disparities are already  greater than they have been in a century.   Some of my colleagues are going to argue that this bill giving $1  trillion to corporations will somehow result in a trickling down of  things like raises for workers and somehow create new jobs, but that is  a fantasy. I am a believer that you look at facts and you look at  [[Page S7523]]  history, and we don't have to look that far. This fantasy has been  disproved, this idea of giving it to the wealthiest and it somehow  trickling down, of giving it to corporations and it somehow trickling  down to job creation. This has been disproved time and time again by  economic data, historical data, and by the words of corporate leaders  themselves.   Listen to the facts. A new survey found that the majority of small  business owners--these are the people who are the backbone of our  economy, who create jobs--oppose this plan. Six in ten think it  benefits wealthy corporations the most. Well, that is not just them  thinking that; those are actually the facts of this plan.   Take the word of leading economists. The University of Chicago's IGM  Forum--a collection of many of the top economists in this country from  a range and a spectrum of political philosophies--recently surveyed its  members, asking ``If we pass a bill similar to the one being considered  by Congress, will the U.S. GDP be substantially higher a decade from  now than it is currently under the status quo?'' Will this bill help  our economy grow? Of the 42 respondents, 41 said: No, it will not.  There was only one dissenter.   These are some of the world's preeminent economists. We didn't invite  them to the Senate to hear their opinions. We didn't have hearings. We  didn't have an open process where we brought in the best economic minds  from both sides of the political aisle, from both sides of the  political spectrum. We did not have a process that brought in the best  and the brightest to inform the investments we are making--$1.5  trillion. And what they are saying now is that this will not do what  Republican leaders say it will do.   Senate Republicans wrote a budget to free up $1.5 trillion--that is  what this will do to our deficit--to create these tax cuts. They can  distribute these resources any way they see fit, and somehow they have  managed to create, astonishingly, a tax bill that will increase taxes  on low-income and middle-income people, especially in States like New  Jersey, by getting rid of the State and local taxes provisions. This is  why Republican Congresspeople in my State are against this, because  this plan has been devised to hurt middle-income families, doubling  down in States like mine.   They have created a bill that small businesses don't like because  they know that the benefits are largely going to the wealthiest and the  biggest corporations, and the kicker is that economists say it won't  even spur economic growth. Then when major corporations see their  earnings go higher or get an influx of capital, what is going to  happen? Well, it is far more likely that their executives and  shareholders--not their frontline workers--will benefit.   Don't take my word for it; look at what has happened over the last  decade. We have seen record corporate profits, and what is happening  with those profits? Eighty, ninety percent of those profits are not  being invested in hiring more people or increasing pay; the  overwhelming majority of the profits that corporations are seeing are  going to paying dividends and doing stock buybacks. That is what  happens when corporations get more resources.   Don't take my word for it; look at what corporate leaders themselves  are saying. They have made it clear time and time again that increases  in profits will not trickle down to workers. Major American companies  have said point blank that they will not use their huge tax windfalls  to raise wages for workers. Companies from Cisco, to Pfizer, to Coca- Cola, to Vanguard have said that their tax breaks will go to dividends  for shareholders, not wages for workers. According to Bloomberg, on an  earnings call in reference to the tax plan, one CEO said: ``We'll be  able to get much more aggressive on the share buyback.'' That is where  corporate profits have been going for a decade or more, creating more  wealth for the wealthiest and not for the average American worker, who  has seen decade after decade of stagnant wages. This shouldn't be  surprising. Corporate profits are at a record high right now, and we  see wages at a record low. That is a fact. And to double down on what  we know is not factual, that we know is not happening now--it is just a  fantasy.   Corporations are making more money today than they have in over 80  years, but the average worker's wages are at their lowest point in six  decades. This plan gives more wealth to corporations and not direct tax  relief to middle-class workers and low-income workers.   We could have gotten rid of carried interest--something even the  President of the United States talked about on the campaign trail--and  targeted the child tax credit or the earned-income tax credit, but that  is not what this plan does. This tax plan is a fundamental and costly  misdiagnosis of the problems facing American workers across the  country, and the right way to go about addressing them is not being  done.   So here is an idea: Instead of giving massive tax breaks to  corporations and hoping it somehow gets to workers, let's just give the  money directly to workers by giving the lion's share of this tax break  to middle-class, working-class, and low-wage earners. This is not  complicated. We don't need some fancy system of hoping things will  trickle down. Let's cut out the corporate middleman. That is a bill I  would support.   We should have been discussing in bipartisan meetings and hearings  how we can empower American workers and the middle class, because the  problem with the economy today is not that the rich are not getting  richer, it is that middle-class workers are not seeing their wages  grow. We should be discussing what we can do to break up this culture  amongst financial institutions across the country that prioritizes  short-term returns over long-term worker investments, that is making  CEO after CEO focus on stock buybacks that manipulate their stock  prices up and increase their incentivized pay but are doing nothing for  the corporation's long-term strength or the workers who are on the  frontlines doing the work and actually earning the profits.   Right now, despite record profits, investing in the long-term success  of their companies and employees through things like pay raises,  pathways to promotion, innovation--that has become the exception in  American society and not the rule for too many corporations.   We have a problem, and this tax bill doesn't address it. It will make  it worse.   There is no evidence that suggests that the Senate tax plan, which  hands 80 percent of that $1.5 trillion borrowed from the Chinese and  other countries that own our Treasury bonds--80 percent of that $1.5  trillion is going to corporations and business owners and the top 0.1  percent of the wealthiest estates. There is no evidence to suggest that  this will somehow reverse the trend and increase wages for workers.  This is insanity. This is folly. This is fiction being foisted upon the  American people.   Too many employers are failing to hold up their end of the bargain  when it comes to fair wages, safe workplaces, and workforce  investments, and now Republicans in Congress want to reward them with  $1 trillion and more. This is bad policy. This is unfair. This is bad  faith. This is going to worsen the erosion of the American dream and  the American bargain that people who play by the rules, who work hard,  who sacrifice for their families can get ahead. It is not going to stop  the trend of stagnating wages. It is not going to stop the trends of  everything going up but our salaries. It is not going to be the change  that we need.   No matter how it is disguised, trickle-down economics doesn't work,  and Republicans' attempts to camouflage it as tax reform is offensive  and won't work for American workers. We have proven that we are a  country and a society that can create wealth. We have that covered.  What we haven't proven and what this tax bill fails to do is to show  that we can be a society that creates great wealth and great  opportunity for all.    We have gotten off the tracks from where we have been generations  before. We have to get this train back moving in a direction that takes  all of its cars--all of the American people--to the promised land where  this country needs to be, must be, and was designed to be. This is the  challenge before us right now--to stop a tax bill that will make our  problems and the disturbing  [[Page S7524]]  trends worse and design one that is directly targeting middle-class  Americans, working-class Americans with enlightened policies that will  help our Nation to be one that fulfills its promise and its dream.   I yield the floor.   