 I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their  leadership on this.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and  Innovation Act, sets congressional priorities for basic science  research and nuclear energy R&D.   This legislation also includes text from my bill from the last  Congress, H.R. 5638, the Solar Fuels Innovation Act. This language  directs the Department of Energy to establish a basic research  initiative in solar fuels. The solar fuel process, also known as  artificial photosynthesis, harnesses energy from sunlight to create a  range of storable chemical fuels, overcoming the biggest obstacle to  maximizing the benefits of renewable technologies.   Researchers up and down the coast of California are undertaking this  research from universities in southern California to the Berkeley lab  in the Bay area. The research authorized in this legislation could  solve this key scientific challenge and open the door for American  entrepreneurs to develop the next generation of solar technology and  train the next generation of researchers in chemistry, physics, and  materials science.   H.R. 589 reaffirms the Federal Government's key role in research and  development. My home State of California has long been a world leader  in advanced science and high tech and is home to millions of  entrepreneurs who are eager to engage and take advantage of the latest  breakthroughs. Today we hear a lot of enthusiasm for clean energy, but  the focus is on today's technology, not on fundamentally new approaches  to energy technology that we make possible through early-stage  research. In Congress, it is our responsibility to take the long-term  view and be patient and make smart investments in basic research that  can lead to the next big discovery. H.R. 589 establishes those long- term priorities.   This bill makes other important adjustments to the flexibility and  utilization of DOE assets to give the U.S.' private sector a stronger  edge, from the national laboratory partnerships with research groups to  allowing the nuclear energy businesses to do their early-stage work on  DOE sites, giving a huge boost to an industry that is about to take  off.   I encourage my colleagues to support this very bipartisan, very  supported piece of legislation.   