 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan legislation  sponsored by my friend and colleague, Mr. Barr from Kentucky.   This legislation sends a clear message to the rest of the world: you  can either do business with the United States and the free world or you  can do business with the brutal dictatorship of Kim Jong-un and the  Democratic People's Republic of North Korea. You cannot deal with both.   Mr. Speaker, the gravest threat facing our Nation today is North  Korea, the world's worst perpetrator of human rights. Kim's contempt  for human life animates both his human rights record and his nuclear  ambitions.   Just this past June, we learned how Kim's regime tortured University  of Virginia student Otto Warmbier. His parents, Cindy and Fred, went  public with the details of their son's suffering in September during an  interview with CNN.   These are just a few of the details that Fred and Cindy shared in  that interview: ``Halfway up the stairs, we hear this loud, guttural  howling, inhuman sound.''   They found him strapped to a stretcher. He has a shaved head. His  eyes are darting around. He is blind, he is deaf, he is on a feeding  tube. His bottom teeth looked like they had been taken with a pair of  pliers and rearranged. His mother, Cindy, described how his hands and  legs were totally deformed.   Otto's story serves as a very real and very tangible reminder, and  teaches a new generation of Americans of what happens under  totalitarian governments and communist dictators.   Now, as the brutal Kim regime continues its nuclear quest, the same  barbarism that killed Otto threatens all Americans. This July, the  dictatorship claimed they had the capacity to send an intercontinental  ballistic missile anywhere in the world. In September, they conducted  their sixth nuclear weapons test and claimed to have detonated a  hydrogen bomb that could be mounted on an intercontinental ballistic  missile. These actions must not be ignored.   This legislation adds secondary sanctions to those passed in May. It  not only prevents persons from trading with, facilitating trade with,  investing in or participating in a joint venture with a North Korean  entity, but it also targets foreign financial institutions from aiding  in such actions. Simply put, this bill forces banks to cut off all  participation with North Korea-related business interests, freezing out  the capital that funds North Korea.   Mr. Speaker, 56 years ago, at the height of the Cold War, when  another godless communist regime threatened the world, President  Kennedy reminded us of America's exceptional nature and consequent  leadership in the world. His inaugural address included this  reflection: ``And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our  forebears fought are still at issue around the globe--the belief that  the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state, but from  the hand of God.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation not  just for Otto and his family, but for all those who might be harmed by  North Korea if we do not act now.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his  leadership on this vital issue.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.   