 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor tonight to speak  about our Nation's efforts to end global hunger. It is an undertaking  that countless individuals, foundations, and government agencies have  devoted a significant amount of time, resources, and effort attempting  to solve.   Those who have dedicated their lives to feeding the hungry deserve  our deepest gratitude and respect. They made the decision to improve  the lives of others less fortunate than themselves, and they often have  done that at their own loss of comfort and their own well-being. There  is no nobler a calling than trying to do something for someone else,  especially when it costs you something as well.   Regardless of our faith, our creed, or our religion, almost all of us  are taught early in life that it is our duty to help those in need.  Americans consistently have taken that moral responsibility to heart.  As individuals, we help our neighbors through our churches and other  local organizations. We help feed our hometowns. As a country, we lead  the world in providing food aid to millions of people who are in need  of that assistance.   In 1983, at a signing of a World Food Day proclamation, President  Reagan cited 450 million people in developing countries who were  undernourished. Our global population has risen by 3 billion people  since that time, and today there are nearly 800 million undernourished  people in the world who do not have enough food to lead healthy, normal  lives.   While strides are being made in the fight against food insecurity, it  is clear that our commitment cannot waiver, and ending hunger must  remain a priority.   At that same White House ceremony, President Reagan chided the Soviet  Union for failing to provide humanitarian relief to those in need.  President Reagan offered a direct challenge to the Kremlin to explain  why the Soviet Union only provided weapons but not food assistance to  the underdeveloped world.   While the threats in the world today are different than those faced  during the Cold War, American food assistance remains a powerful  foreign policy tool. American food aid elevates our country's moral  standing and leadership in the world, as realized by President Reagan,  but our efforts to reduce food insecurity also serve our own national  interests by promoting political, economic, and social stability in the  world.   Food-related hardships and hunger--either due to price increases or  food shortages--act as a catalyst for protests and armed conflicts. We  have witnessed regions of the world that are critical to America's  strategic interests descend into chaos due to people not having access  to affordable food.   From 2007 to 2011, spikes in global food prices led to increased food  insecurity and unrest in the world. In the Middle East and North  Africa, food-related challenges were one of the major drivers of the  mass uprising that we call the Arab Spring.   In Syria, Islamic State rebels use the promise of food and basic  necessities to recruit soldiers. Food shortages have led refugees to  leave camps and return to an active war zone in search of food for  themselves and their families.   Closer to home, food prices contributed to rioting in Haiti in 2007  and 2008. As food prices increased and economic conditions  deteriorated, U.S. Coast Guard interceptions of people from Haiti  attempting to immigrate to our country rose by 20 percent, straining  Coast Guard resources.   The National Intelligence Council warns that a continuation of the  fundamental contributors to food insecurity--such as expanding  populations, slowing of agricultural yields, and gaps in infrastructure  and distribution systems--will result in increased food insecurity,  hunger, and instability in the  [[Page S1437]]  Middle East, Africa, and South Asia over the next 10 years without  greater, greater intervention by the United States and others.   In America, we take our food system for granted. Americans spend less  than 10 percent of our disposable income on food. Even though less than  2 percent of our country is directly engaged in farming, Americans have  direct access to the safest, most affordable, and highest quality food  in the world.   I am proud of the wheat farmers and the ranchers in my home State of  Kansas. Agriculture production is a noble calling. Feeding the world is  important and a meaningful way to spend one's life, and Kansas families  have done it for generations.   Our country's food system at home is critical to our own security and  well-being, and helping other countries achieve food security and  stability serves our national interests as well.   Utilizing U.S.-grown commodities in food aid programs also benefits  American farmers and ranchers by creating export markets for our  agricultural products, sometimes reducing an excess of supply.   Almost 10 percent of exports of the hard red winter wheat grown in  Kansas in 2016 was utilized by international food programs,  representing a significant market share for wheat grown in our State.  Today's low commodity prices only serve to highlight the need for ag  export markets for producers.   A few months ago, I called on the U.S. Agency for International  Development and the Department of Agriculture to significantly increase  the amount of wheat in our global food aid programs.   Our country's abundance of food imparts a moral duty to provide  humanitarian relief to those in need. We have witnessed great  unsettlement and mass migration in the world due to political  instability and civil wars. The vast majority of people affected,  including displaced refugees whose lives were uprooted and whose  ability to feed themselves was taken away, are suffering through no  fault of their own.   In other parts of the world, people are born into such poverty that  simply finding sufficient food is a daily challenge. Reading recent  articles, the question has often been: Where am I going to find food to  feed my family?   People in Cambodia indicate they have no idea. It is a day-to-day,  moment-to-moment, meal-to-meal experience. Even if that food is  available, it is often not accessible to people without the means to  pay for it.   Many of these people--weary, desolate, and hungry--survive only  because of the generosity of the American people. Those hungry and less  fortunate depend on a nation with moral strength and clarity to give  them a helping hand.   There is still more work to be done in the fight against hunger, and  America ought to continue to rise to the challenge of providing food  and helping people feed themselves throughout the world.   It is a turbulent world stricken with conflict, and sometimes the  hunger and problem seem so great that it would be easy just to walk  away and say it is too big of a problem to solve. But certainly we have  the ability.   We have the means to feed one person. If we can feed one, why not  two? And if we can all feed two, why not three?   We can't simply look at this challenge as being too big to overcome  and that the world will always have hungry people and then just say: We  have no responsibility to respond.   Food aid provided by the U.S. reduces despair and increases  stability. My point is that it has a moral component. It is the right  thing to do, but it is also beneficial to our own Nation, providing  stability around the globe and increasing our own national security.   The importance of these issues motivated me when I was in the House  to chair the House Hunger Caucus, and now I cochair the Senate Hunger  Caucus. I can't remember what year it was, but I had a midlife crisis.  I have probably had several since then. But my thoughts were at that  point in time, back in my House days, that at least then I thought of  myself as a pretty good Member of Congress. I answered the mail. I met  with constituents. I visited my State on a weekend-by-weekend basis. I  had input. I did the things that a good Member of Congress is supposed  to do. I represented my constituents well.   But we all can do something more than just be a good Member of  Congress, and that was my conclusion. If there is an issue that we want  to champion, if there is an issue on which we want to make a  difference, if there is a moral cause we want to rise to the occasion  to support, hunger, particularly for Congressman--now a Senator--from  Kansas, ought to be a place I put my stake in the ground and go to  work.   I suppose I have taken a few months off of this issue--and maybe I am  having another midlife crisis--but it is time for me to reengage and to  engage effectively as best I can to see that we live up to a moral  commitment that also benefits our own country.   So I now cochair the Senate Hunger Caucus. I have since I came to the  Senate. I serve with a number of my colleagues, including the one who  is on the floor tonight, the Senator from Illinois. I ask my colleagues  to join us in the effort to meet the needs of a hungry world, to take  the step to see that one more person is fed, one more family has less  insecurity, one more mother or father no longer worries about whether  their children are going to go to bed hungry.   Former Kansas Senator Bob Dole has set many standards in the way that  he led his life, which we should all aspire to meet, not the least of  which is his unwavering commitment to ending hunger. Those of us in  this Senate today ought to seek to carry on Senator Dole's legacy. I  would encourage my colleagues to join me and others as we work to put  the Senate Hunger Caucus together, to enhance its ability to address  the issues that we face in the real world to fight hunger.   I am committed to reengaging these efforts. Along with the other  caucus cochairs--Senators Boozman, Casey, Durbin, and Brown--I would  extend an invitation to each of my colleagues to join that caucus so  that we can take the small step of fighting hunger by becoming more  knowledgeable, more aware and engaging in the moral and strategic  battle to end hunger around the globe.   I yield the floor.   