 Mr. President, I am going to be brief. I am going to  yield to my colleague from South Carolina, and I think my colleague  from South Dakota has a few comments.   I want to respond to some of the points my colleague from Colorado  made. First, I want to thank him for bringing out our chart. What our  chart illustrates is that every category of income earners in America  gets a tax cut under our plan. If you look toward the left of the  chart, you see that the biggest reductions go to the people in the  [[Page S7668]]  lowest income categories in a percentage term. My colleagues said  percentages don't matter. I am a little bit confused because it seems  to me that I think they do matter. I will give you an example.   Under our tax plan, our tax reform, and our working-class and middle- class tax cuts, the average single head of household--a single mom who,  as head of household, has one child and earns the average income of  $41,000, which doesn't make her a millionaire, or not typically, with  $41,000--is going to have a $1,400 tax cut. That is a 75-percent tax  cut for her. Now, maybe our colleague from Colorado thinks that  percentage doesn't matter. I think it probably matters to her. A 75- percent reduction in the taxes that she has to pay probably matters to  her. It is probably pretty helpful.   You could take the case of a family of four who earns the median  national income. That is $73,000. On average, they will have a $2,200  tax cut. That is a 60-percent tax cut. So I am at a loss as to why that  doesn't matter to that family. I think it matters a lot. I think that  family can do a lot with that $2,200.   The fact is that our bill lowers taxes for every category of income  earner, and the proportionate share is the greatest for the lowest  income earners. This is good for working Americans and middle-class  Americans.   I yield to my colleague from South Carolina.    Mr. President, how much time is remaining on the majority  side?    OK. Thank you, Mr. President. I will be brief because I  think my colleague from South Carolina has a comment he wants to make.   Let me respond just briefly to my colleague from my State of  Pennsylvania. Our bill increases the child tax credit. Our bill lowers  the tax burden on every category of income earners, including working  families, middle-income families--every category.   As my colleague from Colorado demonstrated kindly, he showed in the  chart that the biggest proportional savings go to the lower-income  families, and the pro-growth policy is going to create more job  opportunities at higher wages. So let's see: more money in child tax  credit, less taxes owed on the part of families, more job  opportunities, and higher wages. I think it is a pretty safe bet that  this is good for kids. I think it is a pretty safe bet that when  families get to keep more of their money, that is probably good for  their kids. I think most of my constituents would probably agree with  that.   We have heard folks on the other side suggest that we are actually  not cutting taxes on the middle class. This is unfortunate because we  have enough areas where we disagree without having to make up areas  that aren't true. Our friends on the other side like higher taxes; we  like lower taxes. They like to redistribute wealth; we like people who  earn it to keep wealth. We focus on growing the economy; they want to  grow government. We have honest differences in priorities, so I wish we  would focus on where there are actual differences and the facts in  question. But there is no question that we are lowering taxes on  middle-income families because we are lowering taxes on every category  of wages.   The people who are watching on C-SPAN and the people who are  listening in the gallery must get a little frustrated and must ask  themselves: Well, who can we believe? We hear one side say: This is  lower taxes for working families. We have the other side say: Oh, it is  higher taxes.   I have a suggestion. I know there is a solution. You could look it up  at Joint Committee on Taxation, but that is tedious. You have to go to  the website, you have to find it, and then you would see in the  tables--because they are unambiguous--that taxes owed go down in every  category.   Do you know when people are going to know for sure what the answer  is? It is going to come in January when the withholding in their  paycheck changes and when their take-home pay goes up because the taxes  they owe go down. I know we are still a few weeks away from that, but  when this passes and gets signed into law, the proof is going to be  very clear, and people are going to see it.   Here is a quick word about the repeal of the individual mandate. My  friend and colleague from Oregon described it. I am paraphrasing, but I  think I will get it about right. He described the repeal of the  individual mandate as driving a stake through the heart of ObamaCare or  something equivalent to that. I couldn't help but think: What an  incredibly damming indictment of ObamaCare. Think about what that  means.   Think about what they are saying if repealing the individual mandate  drives a stake through the heart of ObamaCare. The individual mandate  is the provision which says that you have to buy this whether you want  it or not. You have to. You are forced to. The government dictates the  terms, the government effectively dictates prices, and you must buy it.  If you don't, you will get hit with a penalty, a tax penalty.   We don't actually repeal the mandate, but we eliminate that tax  penalty, and that is going to be very helpful for low- and middle- income families, working-class families. In Pennsylvania, 83 percent of  all the people who get hit with this individual mandate tax live in a  household with income of $50,000 or less. That is who is paying this.   But what I wanted to stress for a moment is what a damming indictment  it is of ObamaCare that it only works, according to its proponents, if  people are forced to buy the product. It is so badly designed, it is so  terrible that people will not buy it voluntarily, despite huge  subsidies.   We don't change any of the subsidies. They are all available to  anyone who wants to participate. We don't change the rules. We don't  change eligibility. We don't change anything except one thing. We say  that if you decide this plan doesn't fit your family or if you decide  for all the subsidies you get it is still not worth it for you to have  this plan and you opt out, you will no longer be punished with this  tax. That is the only thing we do in this bill.   Since we eliminate that coercion, which forces people to buy it, our  colleagues on the other side say that drives a stake through the heart  of ObamaCare. It seems to me that a product or a service that people  have to be forced to buy and that is killed if they are not forced to  buy it probably isn't a great deal for those people, and I think we  just got that admission.   With that, I yield to my colleague from South Carolina.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I object.    Mr. President, two points I would like to address, and  then we have other Republican colleagues who would like to use our time  as well.   One, I want to address the comments made by my friend--and he is a  friend of mine--the Senator from West Virginia. I have worked closely  with Senator Manchin on a variety of pieces of legislation, some  relatively ordinary and noncontroversial and others quite  controversial. We have been through some battles together, Senator  Manchin and I, and I enjoy working with him.   I hope he is going to support this product in the end. I am not sure  he will, but he might--I don't know--and he probably has some good  ideas he could bring to this.   Let me be very clear about the process we have used here. First of  all, this legislation has gone through the regular order. It has gone  through the committee. It was extensively debated in the committee. It  was marked up in the committee. There were many dozens of amendments  debated and voted on in the committee. The committee document, which is  very similar to the final document we are going to vote on tonight, has  been available for weeks.   Here is one of the problems we faced from the onset in this. Very  early on in this process, the vast majority of our Democratic  colleagues announced they wanted to leave the room with respect to a  tax reform discussion. Now, as it happens, Senator Manchin was not  among them, but 45 of the 48 Democratic Senators sent a public letter,  and they stipulated the terms under which they would be willing to work  with us on tax reform. One of the terms was that we had to use a  process that could allow them to kill it by a filibuster, if they  wanted to. That was one of their terms.   If they were going to participate in the process, they were demanding  that we would have to empower them to kill the final product by a  filibuster, if they wanted to.   Well, I just think that tax reform, tax relief for low- and middle- income families like we provide in this bill and the pro-growth  policies through the reforms in this bill are too important to allow  the minority to kill it by filibuster. It would have been malpractice  on our part to allow that possibility, and so we didn't.   All that means is one thing. All it means is, the final passage on  this legislation is not 60 votes, but it is 51. That is all. Any  Democrat can offer any amendment. Any Democrat can join us in  supporting this legislation. That was also true in committee, and it  will be true right through the end of this process.   Our Democratic colleagues also had other stipulations in their  letter. They said there can be no savings in the tax reform package for  the people who pay 40 percent of all the taxes. It is actually really  hard to do pro-growth, meaningful tax reform if you say the people who  pay 40 percent of all the taxes must not be allowed to get any benefit  whatsoever.   Another feature in their letter was that there could be no savings  for the very substantial category of American businesses organized as  what we call passthroughs--these are partnerships and subchapter S  corporations--because under the stipulations in their public letter,  there couldn't be any benefit at all to anyone whose income was in the  top 1 percent. Well, there are a lot of passthroughs that have some  ownership on the part of people who are in that income category.   My point is, they were systematically taking themselves out of the  discussion from the very beginning. Despite that, we had an open  process. We had unlimited amendments, and they participated in that  process.   Now I would like to address the issue my colleague from Maryland  raised, which is the deductibility of State and local taxes. I just  want to say, for me, disallowing the deductibility of State and local  taxes and offsetting that with lower income tax rates for everyone-- which is what we do in our bill, among other things--it is a matter of  fairness. It is just a simple matter of fairness.   Under our current policy, which our Democratic colleagues would  prefer we keep, the current policy of allowing people to deduct their  State and local taxes and requiring higher Federal income taxes for all  Americans as a result, that amounts to a subsidy that is paid by people  in low-tax jurisdictions that gets sent to people in high-tax  jurisdictions.   For the life of me, I don't understand why my constituents in Dauphin  County, PA--a relatively lower tax place--should have to pay higher  Federal income taxes so a very wealthy guy who owns a penthouse on the  Upper West Side of Manhattan can deduct the very substantial taxes he  chooses to pay because he lives in a very high-tax jurisdiction.   How is that fair that a person of much more modest means should have  to subsidize a person of great means through the Tax Code? I don't  think that is fair, but it is also unfair not just from one State to  another but even within a State it is really not fair.   Let me illustrate my point with an example. Let's imagine you have  two families who have the same financial circumstances. They are  neighbors, but they happen to live on either side of a municipal  boundary. One family lives on the side of a town that provides a lot of  services and has high property taxes, which pays for the services.  Maybe they pick up the trash. Maybe the town picks up the leaves. They  provide lots of services. They have a nice community center. So the  family has higher property taxes to pay for all of that.   Then the other family on the other side, in a different township  right next door, they don't get their leaves picked up, they don't get  the trash hauled away, they don't have a nice community center, but  they have lower property taxes.   Now, the family who doesn't have all those services, they have to  privately contract for those services. They have to go hire a company  to take away their trash barrels. They have to hire a company to take  away their leaves. They have to pay to join a gym or a recreational  facility, and they don't get to deduct any of those expenses. They  don't get to deduct the cost of paying someone to take their trash away  or leaf removal or their membership at a local gym or facility like  that.   So how is it fair that one person gets all of those services and gets  to deduct the costs in the form of deducting the property taxes that  pay for it, and the  [[Page S7684]]  other person, otherwise identically situated, does not get to deduct  the cost? That just does not strike me as fair.   So all we are doing is saying: Let's be fair about this. Let's just  be fair. Let's disallow that deduction. For the most part, we do  preserve a portion of that, but the principle is to reduce the ability  to deduct these taxes because it is more fair, and then what we can do  as a result is we can lower the income tax rates paid by everyone.   I think that is a step in the direction of fairness, and it is one of  the things that I think is a good feature in the bill.   I see my colleague the Senator from Montana is here so I will yield  the floor to him.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be  30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or  motions in order, and the majority leader be recognized at the  conclusion of that time.    Mr. President, I want to talk about one of the truly pro- growth features in this tax reform that is going to encourage  investment in the United States, new business creation, startup,  expansion, and hiring that will be associated with that. That means new  jobs, more demand for workers, and higher wages.   What am I referring to? I am referring to one of the things we do on  the business side of this tax reform. The way I think about it, there  are several big features that are going to drive economic growth on the  business side of the Tax Code. One is certainly lowering the top rate  from the 35 percent that makes us uncompetitive in the global economy  to 20 percent, which puts us pretty close to dead even among our  competitors. That is one. That is an important part.   The second one that I think is even more powerful is simply allowing  businesses to recognize, for tax purposes, expenses when they actually  occur. Allow businesses, when they buy equipment and put that equipment  to work in a factory or when buying earth-moving equipment or new  machinery, to recognize that cost when it occurs. By allowing them to  recognize that cost when it occurs, they can afford to purchase more of  that equipment.   Why is that important?   That is important because that is the source of enhanced worker  productivity. Workers are more productive when they have machinery and  equipment to work with. This is why capital drives productivity growth.  It is the investment in that new equipment that creates demand for  workers but also makes the worker more productive. The example I like  to use that I think illustrates it reasonably well is this: If you go  to a construction site and you have two guys working on that site and  one of them is operating a backhoe and the other is using a shovel,  they are both digging a hole; they are both moving dirt. Which one do  you think gets paid more? It is not a close call. The  [[Page S7692]]  guy who is operating the backhoe is getting paid more on every such job  site in America, not because there is a law that requires it but  because he is a more productive worker. He has a skill set, and he is  using major equipment that allows him to be much, much more productive  than any human being can be with a simple hand tool. That is an  illustration of how it is that when a company is able to put that  equipment to work, the worker benefits.   That worker operator is not the only one who benefits, because  somebody has to make the backhoe. Someone has to work at the factory  that builds the backhoe that was bought. So what we are doing when we  allow this expensing to occur--when we allow businesses, for tax  purposes, to recognize the expense when it occurs rather than gradually  over time, we simply make it more affordable for business to put  capital to work, to buy the kind of equipment to help them grow and  help them help their workers become more productive. That is why this  is a very constructive, pro-growth feature in our tax reform that is  going to be very, very helpful to workers.   But there is a third feature in our business tax reform that is also  going to be great for America, and that is going to be our change from  the current global tax system that we apply on the subsidiaries and  affiliates of multinational companies--the change away from a global  system to a territorial system. So what does that mean? So a global  system is the system we have today, and America is unfortunately almost  unique in the world in having this very counterproductive system.   Here is how it works. If a subsidiary of an American company goes  overseas--say they go to England--and they open a business there  because they want to serve the English population and they want to sell  a product in England. So they go to England, they open their business,  they make a profit, and they have to pay a tax to the English  Government. That is normal. That is what any company operating there  has to do.   What America does, what we do in our Tax Code that almost no one else  does is, we say: After you have paid that tax to the English  Government, if you would like to dividend that money back to your  parent company so it can be invested back home in America, we are going  to charge you another layer of tax. We are going to make sure the  combination of what you pay there and what you bring back home hits 35  percent, which is our current rate. It is completely uncompetitive.   So, if you think about it, the rest of the world has a different  system. They have the system which we know as a territorial system, and  the idea there is the subsidiary in England pays its tax to the English  Government and then whatever aftertax profit they choose to send home  to their parent, if it is a French company or German company or a  company somewhere else in the world, there is no additional tax layer.   So which country do you think has a competitive advantage doing  business in England? Anyone other than the United States. This has been  the very reason that you have seen these inversions, these American  companies getting acquired by other companies. In many cases, it is not  about the economics, it is not about synergies, it is because there is  a tax advantage to having a multinational headquartered almost anywhere  other than the United States. There are a lot of good jobs at a  corporate headquarters. There is management and sales and finance and  planning and all kinds of really good jobs. We are losing these  systematically because we have this system that nobody else in the  world has--almost nobody else has--that punishes companies when they  bring that money back home.   So what are we going to do? We are going to change our system from  one of the worst in the world to what I think is going to be one of the  best. What we are going to do is we are going to say: Well, a company  operating overseas has to pay that local tax, but we are not going to  punish that company with another layer of tax when they bring that  money back home to America and invest here. Most estimates of how much  money--I should point out, you only get hit with that tax penalty if  you bring that money home and reinvest it in America. That is how crazy  this is. It is called the deferral system.   The common popular estimates by the economists who looked at this is  that there are somewhere between $2 trillion, maybe even more than $3  trillion of earnings by the subsidiaries of American-based  multinationals, where they have paid the tax overseas, as they must,  but they refuse to bring the money back home because they don't want to  get hit with this huge tax. So think about all this money that is  overseas somewhere else and not being invested in America.   I have had conversations with CEOs who have told me they want to  invest in the United States, but the tax makes it prohibitively  expensive to bring it home, and therefore they are looking for  opportunities overseas where they will not have this tax.   We have to end this and we are going to end this in this bill and  that is going to put an end to the tax incentive for these inversions-- the movement overseas of corporate headquarters. It is going to make  America a great place to invest and to headquarter a multinational  company, and it is going to encourage that kind of growth. It is one of  the central pillars of our business tax reform that is very  constructive and very important.   I see my colleague from South Dakota is with us, and I will yield the  floor now to him.    Mr. President, I would be happy to enlighten the Senator  from Oregon. What my provision does is it applies to any college that  chooses not to receive Federal funds under title IV, which is a very  big category of funding for higher education. It is the provision that  authorizes Federal financial student loan programs, for instance.   So the theory is, which you may or may not agree with, but the view  is, if a college chooses to forgo Federal money and the students that  attend have to find their own way to get there, it is diminishing the  burden that college would otherwise impose on the  [[Page S7694]]  taxpayers, and so it is perfectly reasonable, in my view, to exempt  such a college from the tax on endowments that we are applying  generally. That is the answer to your question.    Mr. President, I think there are very few probably who  choose now to forgo all of this taxpayer money, but any college in  America that wanted to could do so. So any college that decided to  adopt the policy I am alluding to here would choose to forgo the  taxpayer money subsidizing their students and, if they choose to do  that, then they wouldn't have to pay tax on their endowment. It would  apply to any college that made the choice.    I believe that Hillsdale College would qualify for this,  as would any other college that chooses to forgo title IV funding.    There are other colleges that choose to forgo the  funding. I am not sure how many of them also have an endowment large  enough at the moment that it would have an impact on them. I have no  idea how long it might take them to develop an endowment. But the point  is, anybody who is in this category would have this same treatment.    I do not.    The answer to your question is, I have no idea, and it  doesn't matter.    I advocated this provision.    Are you finished with your question?    I will answer it again. You may choose to disagree, and  that is fine. We can have our different opinions on this. But my view  is, a college that chooses to say ``We don't want to take any Federal  taxpayer dollars'' and therefore saves the taxpayer I don't know how  many millions altogether--usually thousands per student--I think it is  quite reasonable that a college that chooses to not put that imposition  on the Federal taxpayers ought to be able to be exempt from this tax.  It would be available to any college that made that choice. Several  colleges in America make this choice, and any others that choose to  would be able to participate.    The point is, the college that is qualifying for this is  choosing not to impose a tax burden on the American taxpayer. They are  not allowing their students to take the Federal taxpayer benefits that  are available to them. They choose not to. They save taxpayers a  tremendous amount of money when they make that choice. I think it is  reasonable to allow them not to also have to pay this tax on their  endowment.    I think people who give to the endowments are treated the  same as people who give to any other endowment.    The criteria is, if the school chooses to save Federal  taxpayers very substantial amounts of money by forgoing the title IV  funds, then the school would not have to pay the tax.    And it is a completely irrelevant point. The fact is, the  school is choosing to save the taxpayers a lot of money by forgoing  money that would be available to its students. So it is very reasonable  to have this modest savings that is available to a school that makes  that choice and saves the taxpayers this money.    It is a universal provision available to any school that  chooses to take it.    Yes.    I don't know the history of litigation against most  colleges, including Hillsdale.    This is not my understanding. I do understand that my  colleagues on the far left do not have a fond opinion of Hillsdale, but  I do. I actually think it is a wonderful institution, and I commend  them for their choice, as other colleges, of forgoing taxpayer money  that they could be taking, the burden they could be imposing on  taxpayers, but they choose not to. I think any college in that  category, whether it is Hillsdale or any other college, ought not to  have to pay the tax on the endowment.    Why would you choose to mischaracterize this provision  the way you just did? You said it is for one college, and you know that  is not true. This is criteria available to any college in America, and  any college that takes it will get that benefit.    If my colleague doesn't like that provision, he can offer  an amendment to strike it. This is a wide-open process.    Mr. President, the Senator from Oregon referred to many  other deserving schools. I don't know which of them choose to forgo  this taxpayer money, and if any of them do, then they qualify.   If you do not like the provision, you are free to offer an amendment  to strike the provision. That would be my recommendation.    I made my recommendation. If you dislike the provision,  you can offer an amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be  30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or  motions in order, and that the majority leader be recognized at the  conclusion of that time.    Mr. President, taking the time in opposition, first, I  want to acknowledge that we share the goal of making the individual tax  rates permanent, and I hope we will have an opportunity to do that,  but, more importantly, I want to thank the Senator from Virginia for  acknowledging and complimenting our work, acknowledging that we have  cut taxes for working-class and middle-income families.   There are people who came down here during the course of the last  couple of days suggesting that somehow wasn't true. I appreciate your  honesty in acknowledging that we did, in fact, cut taxes for middle- income families, for working-class families, so much so, in fact, that  you want to make our policy permanent, and I commend you for that.  Unfortunately, you also added a huge tax increase on the very  businesses that are going to help drive our growth.   By lowering our rate to 20 percent, which is what we do in our bill  and which you would undermine, we would lose the opportunity to create  new businesses, existing business growth, and the wage and job growth  we want to drive.   I would suggest we work together on making our individual tax cuts  permanent in the future, but I would urge my colleague to oppose this  amendment in the current form.    Mr. President, the pending amendment No. 1846 offered by  Senator Kaine has unknown budgetary effects. Therefore, I raise a point  of order against this measure pursuant to section 4105 of H. Con. Res.  71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018.    Mr. President, Hillsdale College has been unfairly  maligned on the Senate floor. The fact is, Hillsdale College was the  first college in America to prohibit in its charter any discrimination  based on race, religion, or sex and was an early force in the abolition  of slavery.   But it is not really about Hillsdale college, exclusively. This is a  broader idea. The idea here, and it is in this amendment, is that for  any college that chooses to forgo Federal funding for its students-- chooses not to be a burden on the taxpayers that way--it is reasonable  for us to respond by sparing that college a tax on the endowment fund.  That is all.   Now there are colleges, a number of colleges, including one in  Pennsylvania, that choose this mode. They  [[Page S7712]]  would prefer to have the freedom to operate as they see fit rather than  have to deal with Federal regulations, and I suspect that is a big part  of what the real problem is on the other side of the aisle. But, folks,  I think it is a perfectly reasonable proposition that if a college  chooses to forgo the very substantial funds available to it from  Federal taxpayers, it is OK to say that it will be exempt from this  endowment. So I urge my colleagues to vote no on the amendment.   