 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues, the  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), who sits on the Rules  Committee, and Mr. Buck, who is handling, I think, his first rule as a  member of the Rules Committee today. Mr. Buck is from Windsor,  Colorado. He is a second-term Member and is doing an awesome job not  only on his homework duties of recognizing how important it is for  Members to understand what we are talking about and why we are doing  things, but also enunciation of rules that we are talking about that  were promulgated by an administration.   Mr. Speaker, what we are really here today to talk about is there are  some of those rules and regulations where perhaps you didn't go through  the process that you should have or where there was really a  determination made by the American people that rulemaking goes too  far. That is why we are here today.    We are here today because there is a group of rules that were  promulgated that don't work and that did not really see, in our  opinion, the balance of what was going to be in it for the American  people. So, in particular, we are here to talk about a Social Security  rule that discriminates against individuals with disabilities by  denying them their constitutional rights.   The gentleman, Mr. McGovern, spoke very clearly about a meeting that  we had at the Rules Committee. I think that the witnesses that we had  were very specific and that they questioned--including Mr. Buck, who  was most active in his participation in the hearing--to work through  the rule that is promulgated but doesn't make sense when you evaluate  it. The administration chose to, I think, without due process, take  away from a person based upon a disability that had nothing to do with  their ability to effectively control a weapon, but based upon other  criteria and to take away a person's Second Amendment rights.   We oppose that. That is one of the reasons why we are here today.  This rule that we are going to take away wrongly discriminates against  those receiving disability benefits and, I believe, falsely promulgates  a stereotype against individuals with mental illness, calling them  dangerous. There are people who do have mental illnesses, there are  people who are struggling in life, and there are people who need help  and seek help; but that is not a criteria for taking away a person's  constitutional right.   We are joined in what we believe by the National Council on  Disability. This is what they said in a letter that they sent that was  dated January 24 of this year: ``There is, simply put, no nexus between  the inability to manage money and the ability to safely and responsibly  own, possess, or use a firearm. This arbitrary linkage not only  unnecessarily and unreasonably deprives individuals with disabilities  of a constitutional right, it increases the stigma for those who, due  to their disabilities, may need a representative payee. . . . `'   So what happened is the rule by the administration linked together  these characteristics that they think identify a person as being a risk  so they take away their constitutional right. We couldn't really relate  to anybody that had done this, but it simply sounded like a good idea,  I am sure, to people, and so they did this.   Mr. Speaker, we are not trying to right all wrongs at the Rules  Committee, but when you take away somebody's constitutional rights and  take advantage of a person because of their disability, I don't think  that is fair.   I am proud of what Mr. Buck is doing here. I am proud that we stood  up on this issue, and I am pleased to be on the floor not only to  support Mr. Buck,  [[Page H835]]  but people who also live in the congressional district that I represent  in Dallas, Texas. I have received several calls from people. While I  will not say their names, they live in Dallas, Texas; Garland, Texas;  Wylie, Texas; and Rowlett, Texas; and they are worried about their  ability to lose their constitutional rights simply because they have  some help in managing their affairs but not related to a constitutional  right of owning a weapon.   So I am pleased to do this. There is no grandstanding necessary.  There is an understanding of some things that can be written properly  and some things that can't, and I simply think they got it wrong, and  that is what we are going to do here today. I thank the gentleman, Mr.  Buck, for allowing me the chance to speak on this important issue.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from Colorado if he  has additional speakers or is that the speaker we were waiting for?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts  not only, once again, for being here, but for responsibly standing up  for his party and the things which they not only have a right to bring  to the floor, but an opportunity for him to discuss those things as he  chooses to justify the rules that we are going to not only discuss  their merits, but to really ensure that the American people understand  why we believe that these rules that were promulgated need to be  overturned.   Mr. Speaker, the second joint resolution that was included in Mr.  Buck's rule is a resolution that discusses the Securities and Exchange  Commission related to what is called disclosure of payments by resource  extraction issuers.   My gosh, what does that mean? Well, we understood the previous  administration is anti what they call Big Oil. They are after anybody  that is in the oil business. You and I both understand that our country  and the world is stronger because we don't freeze to death in the  winter and we don't get too hot in the summer because we have available  energy at a great price.   But it means that companies in the United States also go around the  world to find other places where they may extract oil or resources  related to energy, and the Securities and Exchange Commission published  in the Federal Register, on July 27, 2016, a rule that would place  American companies--and only American companies--that extract valuable  resources--meaning energy--from other places in the world and that they  would have to publicly disclose arrangements and deals that they make  related to them buying these resources.   The Securities and Exchange Commission understands already the rules  that are on American companies, including a rule that we know as the  Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which means that an American company  cannot go overseas and induce through bribing someone to do something.  But now, in order to stop these companies--many of them large  companies, many of them medium-sized companies, but their nexus is that  they are energy companies--they are going to require in this rule that  that company tell everybody, including competitors, what the deal might  be that they got. So a private contract that might be between a  country, a company, and an American company is now going to see the  light of day.   Mr. Speaker, I think that is wrong. Fortunately, so does my party. We  think that is wrong, because it unnecessarily puts U.S. companies at a  competitive disadvantage to many state-owned competitors around the  world who are competing, many times, for the same resources.   In other words, we just told them what the deal is--how much money,  what the arrangement is, how it might be concluded--and that is a  violation, in my opinion, of not only the power that the SEC has, but I  think it is unwise. I think it is blatantly unwise that we would  unearth contracts from the free enterprise system while, at the same  time, knowing they have to follow the rules of engagement, meaning the  rules under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, at the same time.   So, Mr. Speaker, what we are here to say is that we believe that  these agencies are trying to harm America's opportunity to go and seek  out good deals, better deals, and to find long-term contracts around  the globe, wherever they might be, and that they have singled out  energy companies, that they have gone out of their way in what was  known as the Obama administration to single out energy companies  because they don't like energy deals.   Mr. Speaker, what has happened as a result of not only this, but  legislation that the Congress has done on December 18, 2015, is we  changed the Federal law related to the export of U.S. energy. Before,  there was a provision, some 40-year-old provision, that did not allow  energy from the United States to be sold overseas. Once we did that, it  completely turned the market upside down. So what might be deals then  and deals now are in the best interest of consumers instead of what  might be OPEC or a few other energy-rich countries.   We think that what this was done for was to punish those companies  that can go find better deals by telling everybody what happened--but  it was mostly done to punish--and it put us at a disadvantage.   We are here on the second part of this joint resolution to say that  the rule that was promulgated on July 27, 2016, is bad for America, is  bad for consumers, and most of all, it is bad for America to have rules  and regulations that take away the power of a private contract.   We stand up and say: What are we going to do about it? We are going  to go through the deliberate action that was taken not only at the  White House, but was taken on the floor of the House of Representatives  so that we have our say in the matter on rules and regulations.   Mr. Speaker, I would advise my colleague, Mr. Buck, that there is a  person who heard this debate going on and has come to the floor. I  don't know if he would choose to yield time to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie), but I have been told that Mr. Massie would like  to help me along on some of my comments because of his excitement about  what this rule does.   