 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on January 20, at his inauguration,  President Trump stood before the American people and said: ``For too  long, a small group of our nation's Capital has reaped the rewards of  government while the people have borne the cost.''   President Trump is right. The people have borne unimaginable costs:  the cost of foreclosure, the cost of inequality, the cost of poverty,  and the cost of injustice. Sadly, it doesn't look like that is going to  change soon with this administration. Three weeks into this  administration, President Trump has already begun to restore power back  to Wall Street and the very same people who he said have caused  tremendous problems for us. The nomination of Steve Mnuchin, someone  who spent his entire career working on behalf of Wall Street at the  expense of hard-working Americans, is a clear example.   Let me say at the outset, I have not met him, but I tried to, but we  couldn't get an agreement as to when we might be able to get together.  I wanted to talk to him about some important issues that many of us  remember.   We know what happened with the recession that greeted President Obama  when he was sworn into office 8 years ago. We know about the  foreclosures. We know of families being literally wiped out, all their  savings gone because of misleading tactics by financiers.   I still look at this, and as much as I respect President Obama and  his administration, I shake my head and think: Nobody went to jail for  all that occurred. People at the highest levels of the financial  community on Wall Street and others were engaged in practices that we  know now were unfair and just plain wrong and, in many cases, illegal.   I have taken a look at Mr. Mnuchin's record. I have read a lot of  stories about him. I have heard from homeowners' personally impacted by  his conduct, and let me tell you, what I have seen and heard leads me  to believe he is not the right person to be Secretary of the Treasury.   Like most of President Trump's nominees, Mr. Mnuchin was not chosen  for his knowledge and experience on critical issues he will face if  confirmed as Secretary of the Treasury. He was not chosen for his  commitment to work for average working families. He was chosen for his  loyalty to the President, the new litmus test in the Republican Party.   Before serving as President Trump's chief fundraiser on the campaign,  Mr. Mnuchin worked to help wealthy individuals and powerful special  interest groups reap the benefits of what the President has called ``a  rigged system.'' He served as an executive at Goldman Sachs and as a  hedge fund manager.   Perhaps what troubles me the most about Mr. Mnuchin's experience is  his tenure at the helm of a group known as OneWest, which came to be  known as a foreclosure machine in America because of the aggressive and  questionable practices it used to foreclose on the homes of thousands  of American families.   Mr. Mnuchin was the head of the company that was doing the  foreclosure. After our country experienced the worst economic downturn  since the Great Depression, Congress worked around the clock to prevent  the economy from going into free-fall and end some of the worst  practices that helped bring the American economy to its knees.   As we were working to save American homes, Mr. Mnuchin--like  President Trump--saw opportunity to make a profit, personally earning  millions from OneWest's success as a foreclosure machine.   As the head of OneWest, Mr. Mnuchin had the power to destroy lives  through foreclosure or find ways to help homeowners stay in their  homes. He chose to aggressively foreclose on families.   During his nomination hearing, Mr. Mnuchin defended OneWest's  foreclosure practices and said he was proud of the work of the bank  during the foreclosure crisis.   Let me tell you about some of the stories, and you can decide whether  Mr. Mnuchin should be proud of the record of the company he was  managing.   Rex Schaffer and his wife Rose lost their home of nearly 50 years,  despite having qualified for a loan modification.   Ossie Lofton, a 90-year-old woman, was foreclosed on because she was  short 27 cents in her mortgage payment--27 cents.   The locks were changed on Leslie Park's Minneapolis home in the  middle of a blizzard.   We have seen how organizations headed by Mr. Mnuchin treat people. If  confirmed, Mr. Mnuchin would have the ability to use the power of the  U.S. Treasury Department to stand on the side of Wall Street and on the  opposite side of millions of working Americans. I don't have  confidence, based on his professional record, that Mr. Mnuchin will put  the needs of hard-working families first over Wall Street.   While the foreclosure crisis and its aftermath seem like something in  the past for so many people, that is not the case in my home State of  Illinois. Foreclosures are devastating for the families forced out of  their homes, but they are also devastating to surrounding communities  and neighborhoods.   If you want to know what a community looks like 50 years after the  foreclosure crisis, visit my birthplace, my hometown of East St. Louis,  IL, or even some of the neighborhoods on the south side of Chicago, or  the west side, for that matter--vacant lot after vacant lot, neglected  buildings and homes, an economy devastated. And what is left? Some of  the poorest families on earth.   While we have made significant progress since the recession of 2008,  many families in my State and across the country are still suffering.  There is work to do. If confirmed, Mr. Mnuchin  [[Page S1112]]  will be responsible for protecting these families and ensuring that we  don't have another financial crisis. All we have seen from him is his  ability to profit from the foreclosure crisis and the devastation left  in its wake. In the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2008, Congress  got together with the President and passed Dodd-Frank. This was Wall  Street reform determined not to let another economic crisis follow. The  consumer protection act was also passed to prevent these crises and to  reform the problems that caused them.   Mr. Mnuchin has made no secret of the fact that his No. 1 regulatory  priority is to roll back Wall Street reform, to return the barbarians  to the gates. Despite the promises President Trump made during his  campaign, including ``not letting Wall Street get away with murder,''  Mr. Mnuchin has an ally in President Trump in undoing Dodd-Frank.  President Trump signed an Executive order that would begin rolling back  the important consumer and financial system reforms we passed as part  of Dodd-Frank. The President signed this order sitting among the  biggest beneficiaries of his actions, some of Wall Street's high  rollers. Make no mistake, if President Trump gets his way and Steven  Mnuchin is confirmed, the banks are going to have the best friend they  can think of in the Treasury Department, just like they did before the  economic crash of 2008.   It is clear the American people can't count on Mr. Mnuchin, based on  his business experience, to decide with them over Wall Street. But,  certainly, he should be committed to basic fairness of the Tax Code. He  said he was until he wasn't. Shortly after his nomination, Mr. Mnuchin  said there would be ``no absolute tax cut for the upper class.'' Yet he  has not spoken out against the significant tax cuts the wealthy would  receive from the repeal of the Affordable Care Act or under the  President's and the House Republican's tax reform plan. We shouldn't be  surprised by this because we are asking Mr. Mnuchin to close the  loopholes and raise the taxes on the very people he helped to avoid  paying taxes by using offshore tax havens as a hedge fund manager.   We are still recovering from the devastation of that financial crisis  8 years ago. We can't afford to have our Nation's top economic official  be a man who has only been looking out for Wall Street. For a President  who ran on bringing back jobs and being a champion of the working  people, the choices of President Trump for his Cabinet are the opposite  and have taken advantage of the very system he has derided as rigged  against the people.   The American people deserve better. When Mr. Mnuchin's nomination is  brought to the Senate floor for a vote, I will vote no, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   