 Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak about  and oppose the travesty known as ObamaCare.   The need to replace this program was obvious on day one. It is a  failed socioeconomic experiment perpetrated by people who don't believe  in individual choice and don't understand free market competition. In  fact, we can see less than half of the folks that were supposed to sign  up have done it because it is a bad deal for them. Nothing promised  under this medical health insurance program has proved true. Care costs  have gone up, premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed.   We have another chart here, if I might, that shows a projected 25- plus percent increase in premiums in 2017. My State of Florida is 19  percent. Coverage has been circumscribed and reduced. This business  about keeping your doctor has proven to be another falsehood. You can't  afford to keep your doctor. You can't afford to keep your insurance.   The entire program was flawed from the beginning. It is a top-down,  government-run boondoggle. All it has done is  [[Page H506]]  create monopolies for a bunch of insurance companies. I have heard  heart-wrenching personal stories from so many families in southwest  Florida who have suffered severe financial burdens and have had reduced  and dropped coverage because of ObamaCare.   Paying more for less is bad policy. It is bad economics. It is a raw  deal for Americans. Now we have the opportunity to do three things to  turn the page and put this disaster of ObamaCare behind us. We have the  opportunity today to enact the resolution, which will lead to repealing  ObamaCare. We have the opportunity to have Dr. Price take the helm of  Health and Human Services and begin a substantial administrative  overhaul. And we have the opportunity to put in the replacement plan  that has been talked about, described in A Better Way for America,  which provides a seamless transition into a new form of health care,  leaves no one without coverage, and assures the continual coverage of  preexisting conditions. But it will offer consumer choice the American  way. It will make coverage affordable and competitive.    It will stimulate competition for  insurance coverage across State lines for moving an archaic and  artificial barrier, which shouldn't be there in the first place.  Lastly, it will encourage innovation in the delivery of health care in  advances in treatment.   