 Mr. President, this May, a spray of pesticide from a  nearby orchard drifted over to a field, exposing nearly 50 farmworkers  in California. They soon became sick with nausea and vomiting. Several  were hospitalized. The workers described it as a living nightmare.   The chemical they were exposed to is called chlorpyrifos, a  neurotoxic pesticide related to sarin gas. It has been in use since it  was developed by Dow Chemical over 50 years ago. Today, it is most  often used on fruits and nuts, including strawberries, citrus, apples,  and pecans from my home State of New Mexico. It is also used on grains  and vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower.   A few years ago, Bonnie Wirtz also experienced the effects of  chlorpyrifos. Bonnie is a farmer in Minnesota. She was exposed when  spray drift came into her home through the air-conditioner. Her heart  started racing, almost to the point of cardiac arrest, and she couldn't  breathe. At the hospital, her nurse practitioner told her she wasn't  surprised. She had seen others with similar reactions.   About 10 years ago, Claudia Angulo--a farmworker in California's San  Joaquin Valley--was exposed to chlorpyrifos when she was pregnant.  Claudia worked sorting oranges, apples, broccoli, and other produce  treated with the chemical. When her son Isaac was born with a mental  disability and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD, she  suspected the pesticides she was exposed to.   A few years ago, European scientists tested some of Isaac's hair. He  had traces of over 50 pesticides in his body, and the highest  concentration was chlorpyrifos. It has long been known that exposure to  chlorpyrifos can be deadly. After years of study, researchers in the  United States and a number of other countries now believe there is a  strong connection between chlorpyrifos exposure and mental disability,  ADHD, and memory deficit in children. They believe the chemical damages  children's developing brains, even if they are exposed before birth.  Latino children, whose parents are exposed to the pesticide, and grow  up near fields treated with it, are at the greatest risk.   Scientists believe the pesticide poses a threat even to children  exposed to it from produce from the grocery store or through drinking  water. The connection is so strong that scientists at the Environmental  Protection Agency recommended that the EPA ban all uses of the  pesticide in 2015. The agency had already negotiated a ban on household  use 15 years ago.   This March, the EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt ignored his own  scientists and the body of scientific evidence that chlorpyrifos is  dangerous. Instead, he reversed course and refused to ban chlorpyrifos.  That is why I rise to talk about this danger to our children.   When moms and dads feed fruits and vegetables to their children, they  are trying to do the right thing. They shouldn't have to worry that  these foods are laced with dangerous nerve agents. They shouldn't have  to worry that the farmworkers who picked that produce or the farmers  living near it were exposed.   I have been part of the fight to protect public health and the  environment from toxic chemicals most of my life. I remember when  Rachel Carson published ``Silent Spring'' in 1962. My father, Stewart  Udall, was her champion when she was fiercely attacked by the chemical  industry.   Just over a year ago, I led the bipartisan effort to reform the  broken Toxic Substances Control Act. I spent several years working to  reform how the EPA regulates chemicals, fighting to stand up a credible  program that could be respected, that could restore confidence in the  EPA on chemical safety.   I am very disappointed to have to do this, to introduce a bill on a  related matter, pesticide regulation. Normally, I would argue that  Congress should stay out of the business of regulating individual  chemicals. That is why the EPA was created, to make thoughtful,  science-based decisions on issues that affect public health and the  economy.   In his first decision at the EPA, the administrator has shown his  hand. He did not respect the science, not even his own scientific team,  and not even when the science is overwhelmingly decisive. If the EPA  and this administration will not act to protect the public, to protect  children, then Congress must.   I have studied the case for banning chlorpyrifos. There is no  question it needs to come off the market. In this situation, I believe  Congress must step in to protect children's health. That is why I have  introduced the Protect Children, Farmers, and Farmworkers from Nerve  Agent Pesticides Act--to do what the EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt  refuses to do: ban chlorpyrifos.   Let's look at the reasons for banning chlorpyrifos. There are three  very good ones. There are three reasons, I believe, this bill is  necessary. First, Administrator Pruitt is wrong. The science is  established that chlorpyrifos is a threat to health in its current use.  The EPA has studied and studied the toxicity of chlorpyrifos for over a  decade. I have talked to the scientists who have been studying it for  over 30 years.   In a December 2014 risk assessment, the EPA found chlorpyrifos caused  unsafe drinking water contamination. Based on that assessment, the EPA  formally proposed, in November 2015, to revoke the use of chlorpyrifos  on food. As recently as December 2016, the EPA reaffirmed its  determination.   The pesticide is intended to act on the nervous system of insects,  but it can act on the human nervous system as well. It can cause  immediate symptoms like nausea, vomiting, convulsions, respiratory  paralysis--as Bonnie Wirtz and farmworkers in California experienced.  In extreme cases, it can kill.   More worrisome, even low-level exposure of chlorpyrifos to developing  fetuses in young children can interrupt the development processes of  the nervous system. Exposure during gestation or childhood is linked  with lower birth weight, slower motor development, and attention  problems.   Long-lasting effects on child brain development from in utero  exposure also include impaired perceptual reasoning and working memory  and undermined intellectual development by age 7. Exposure to  organophosphate pesticides like chlorpyrifos is associated with changes  in children's cognitive, behavioral, and motor performance. In plain  English, chlorpyrifos damages children's brains.   Second, chlorpyrifos was one of the most widely used household  insecticides until the EPA raised concerns in 2000--17 years ago.  Household use was phased out. That same year, the EPA discontinued use  of chlorpyrifos on tomatoes altogether and restricted its uses on  apples and grapes. Currently, chlorpyrifos is still widely used in  agriculture, but its use is on the decline.   In 2012, EPA required no-spray buffers around schools, homes, play  fields, daycare centers, hospitals, and other public places. Growers  are already working to find alternatives.  [[Page S4713]]    The third reason is, scientists, doctors, advocates, I, and many of  our colleagues were shocked when Administrator Pruitt changed course on  chlorpyrifos in March, choosing to wait until 2022--5 years from now.   The American Academy of Pediatrics wrote a letter to Administrator  Pruitt in June telling him that ``EPA has no new evidence indicating  that chlorpyrifos exposures are safe.'' As a result, EPA has no basis  to allow continued use of chlorpyrifos, and its insistence on doing so  puts all children at risk.   The science hasn't changed since the EPA proposed to ban chlorpyrifos  in 2015 and in 2016. Only the politics have.   The law should protect Americans from unsafe pesticides. Under the  Food Quality Protection Act, the EPA Administrator ``may establish or  leave in effect a tolerance for a pesticide chemical residue in or on  food only if the Administrator determines that the tolerance is safe.''   ``'Safe' means . . . that there is a reasonable certainty that no  harm will [come] from aggregate exposure.''   If the Administrator can't determine that a pesticide is safe, the  Administrator must revoke or modify the tolerance.   In the case of chlorpyrifos, Administrator Pruitt did not determine  the pesticide is safe with reasonable certainty, nor could he. Instead,  he hid behind his claim that the issue requires years more study.   This issue has been the subject of litigation for many years. When  the EPA asked the Federal court overseeing the lawsuit for a mere 6- month extension for more study, the court gave a resounding no. It  called the request ``another variation on the theme of `partial  reports, missed deadlines, and vague promises of future action' that  has been repeated for the last nine years.''   The EPA Administrator has now given himself a 5-year extension. He is  failing to follow the Food Quality Protection Act, and he is tying up  the Federal Government in more unnecessary and wasteful taxpayer-funded  litigation. In the meantime, children, farmers, and farmworkers are at  risk because the Administrator refuses to follow the law.   It doesn't stop there. Administrator Pruitt wants to dismantle  protections for farmworkers. The EPA is proposing to delay two rules  vital to protecting our Nation's farmworkers: The agricultural worker  protection standard and the certificate of pesticide applicators rule.  Farmworkers have one of the highest rates of chemical exposure among  U.S. workers. They are regularly exposed to pesticides. Despite the  urgent need to protect them and their families, they actually are less  protected than other workers.   We don't know exactly why Administrator Pruitt is choosing to believe  a chemical company over respected scientists at his own Agency and  around the world, but we can follow the money and guess one reason.  While the President and the Administrator ignore science and the law,  they have not ignored Dow Chemical Company. Dow gave the President $1  million for his inauguration. Its CEO attended the signing ceremony  when the President issued his Executive order requiring agencies to  roll back what he called unnecessary regulations. The CEO even got the  signing pen. And the CEO met with Administrator Pruitt shortly before  the order not to ban one of Dow's big moneymakers.   Administrator Pruitt may choose to put aside science, public health,  and environmental protection in favor of big chemical profits, but  Congress should not. I urge all of my colleagues, especially those  across the aisle, to stand with me and pass this protection for  children, families, farmers, and farmworkers.   I thank my cosponsors and the cosponsors who are coming aboard every  day: Senators Blumenthal, Booker, Durbin, Gillibrand, Harris, Markey,  Merkley, and Cardin.   There have been many public health and labor groups that have stood  up on this issue--just to name some of them today: National Hispanic  Medical Association, Learning Disabilities Association of America,  Farmworker Justice, Project TENDR, United Farm Workers, Earthjustice,  GreenLatinos, Labor Council for Latin American Advancement, LULAC,  National Resources Defense Council, Environmental Working Group,  Pesticide Action Network, Pineros y Campesinos Unidos del Noroeste,  Mana, and others.   The pesticide registration information act is currently moving  through Congress. This gives Congress the opportunity to address  chlorpyrifos use and worker protection. This bill is a good start for  those discussions.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). The Senator from Connecticut.   