 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise with my colleague from New  Mexico, Senator Heinrich, to discuss the Securing America's Voting  Equipment Act of 2017, or the SAVE Act, which we introduced earlier  this week.   I know that you are well aware that the Senate Intelligence Committee  has been conducting an in-depth investigation into attempts by the  Russians to interfere with our elections last fall. What we have found  is that the Russians' active measures preceded last fall, and they  continue to this very day.   We have an election coming up in November of this year and a major  election next year, and both Senator Heinrich and I believe that it is  so important that we act to assist States in protecting the integrity  of their voting systems.   Our bill seeks to facilitate information sharing on the threats posed  to State election systems by foreign adversaries, to provide guidance  to States on how to protect their systems against nefarious activity,  and, for States that choose to do so, to allow them to access some  Federal grant money to implement best practices to protect their  systems.   Let me be clear that I know of no evidence to date that actual vote  tabulations were manipulated in any State in the elections last fall.  Nevertheless, as early as the summer of 2016, the FBI discovered that  foreign-based hackers had gained access to voter registration databases  in two States. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed that  Russia-linked actors attempted to access voter rolls and registration  data in those two States.   More alarming is that further investigation revealed that many more  States than just two were ultimately found to have had their voting  systems probed by the Russians. The Department of Homeland Security  notified election officials in a total of 21 States that their election  systems had been targeted by Russian Government-linked hackers.   If voter rolls were altered or voting equipment tampered with, a  compromise of these systems could open the door to voter  disenfranchisement and would undermine public confidence and the  integrity of our free and fair elections--a bedrock principle of our  democracy.   In response to these alarming threats, the SAVE Act would assist  States in hardening their systems. It does not aim to tell States how  to conduct their elections. The responsibility for conducting elections  would remain with each State, as has been our country's tradition since  its founding. State and local election officials alone, however, cannot  be expected to defend against cyber attacks from foreign adversaries.  That is why our bill seeks to bring to bear the unique authorities,  capabilities, and resources that the Federal Government can offer to  State and local election officials.   Let me briefly describe the Heinrich-Collins bill.   First, our bill would codify a decision made by both Secretaries of  Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson and John Kelly, to designate election  systems as ``critical infrastructure.'' This designation allows DHS to  prioritize providing assistance to election jurisdictions and to  establish formal mechanisms to enhance information sharing and  collaboration within the electoral sector. More than 30 States took  advantage of DHS's offer of assistance last year.   Our bill also addresses a shortcoming that I raised during a hearing  before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June regarding foreign  efforts to compromise American voting systems. During this hearing, we  learned that not a single secretary of state had been cleared to  receive classified information before the 2016 election or in the 6  months since voting systems had been declared as critical  infrastructure. This delay is truly inexplicable. We have to be able to  share this critical information in order for State election officials  to take the necessary steps to safeguard their systems.   Our bill addresses this limitation on information sharing by  authorizing the Director of National Intelligence to provide security  clearances to designated chief election officials in each State. That  way, the intelligence community can share appropriate classified  information with States regarding foreign threats targeting election  systems.   Our bill also mandates that DHS conduct a threat assessment on  physical and electronic risks to voting systems. Then, in collaboration  with stakeholders, the Department will develop best practices to  address those risks.   A few simple measures can make a big difference. Best practices like  relying upon paper ballots, as the State of Maine currently does, and  conducting postelection audits to ensure that the tabulation by vote- counting machines matches the results of the paper ballots can bolster  both resilience and public confidence in the integrity of the voting  process.   Finally, our bill creates a Federal grant program available for  States to upgrade and safeguard the integrity of their systems by  implementing the best practices that have been identified.   Last year, the Russian Government sought to disrupt our democracy by  threatening the integrity of our elections. It is incumbent upon  Congress to  [[Page S6980]]  assist the States and those charged with conducting elections at the  local, State, and Federal level to protect them from foreign  interference. Our bill would do just that.   I am very pleased to work with the leader on this effort, Senator  Heinrich, and I would urge all of our colleagues to join Senator  Heinrich and me in sponsoring this bill.   Thank you, Mr. President.   