 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Sessions  for his continued leadership here in the House of Representatives, and  especially on this issue in the Rules Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying  bill, which we are calling Kate's Law. Mr. Speaker, we are calling this  crackdown on illegal immigration and sanctuary city policies Kate's Law  after Kate Steinle.   For those of you who don't know the story of Kathryn ``Kate''  Steinle, she was a beautiful 32-year-old woman from northern California  who was murdered on the streets of San Francisco while walking on a  pier with her father 2 years ago this weekend. Murdered.   The alleged murderer, an illegal immigrant named Juan Francisco, had  seven felony convictions and had been deported from the United States  five times. Deported five times. Let that sink in. It is truly  unbelievable, Mr. Speaker.   Yet he was back in our country after maneuvering through the previous  administration's weak southern border and negligent immigration  enforcement. Then he lived in San Francisco due to that city's blatant  disregard for Federal law, a sanctuary city. San Francisco was no  sanctuary for Kate; no sanctuary for that beautiful 32-year-old woman.   If this story isn't a clear sign that our system is broken, I don't  know what is. We need Kate's Law to increase criminal penalties for  illegal felons like Juan Francisco who have been convicted for crimes,  deported, and then decided once again to illegally re-enter the United  States of America, a sovereign nation.  [[Page H5312]]    Kate's Law is straightforward, it is common sense, and it is the  right beginning to make our homeland safer and get smart about  immigration policy. It is time for us to make America safe again by  addressing the lack of enforcement of Federal law. Kate's Law is the  right answer.   I thank Chairman Goodlatte for introducing Kate's Law so we can crack  down on this kind of illegal behavior that so often means life or death  for American citizens. It is time to enforce the law.   The gentlewoman, a few minutes ago, was talking about the law. Well,  there are laws on the books that say it is illegal to enter this  country. There are laws on the books that prohibit these types of  sanctuary cities or sanctuary campuses as we are now seeing. I hope  Congress will cut off the funding to these cities. It is time to get  their attention, to enforce Federal law.   I am pleased the White House has vocalized their support for the  underlying bill should it reach President Trump's desk.   Now I call upon my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, to  support the rule and the underlying bill. It is time again to make  America safe again and honor young women like Kate.   This should be a bipartisan issue. Respect for the rule of law and  protecting the American citizens is really that simple.   