 Mr. President, I want to continue to share with our  colleagues the reasons I oppose the nomination of Bill Wehrum to be  EPA's Assistant Administrator for Air and Radiation. Throughout his  career, Mr. Wehrum has clearly shown he is dismissive of the science  that is the core of EPA's actions to protect public health. Nothing  during this confirmation process has convinced me that Mr. Wehrum's  approach will change going forward.   I have said this before, and I will say it again because it makes Mr.  Wehrum's priorities clear, our courts have overturned regulations that  Mr. Wehrum helped craft while at EPA a staggering 27 times. That is 27  times that the courts determined the rules Mr. Wehrum put in place did  not follow the law or did not adequately protect public safety--27  times.   In one of those instances, the courts faulted EPA's lack of action to  reduce mercury and toxic air pollution emissions from electric  powerplants.   I have worked on controlling mercury pollution since I became a  Member of this body 17 years ago, so I would like to spend some time  talking about this issue, mercury.   Much of our country's ongoing efforts to clean up air pollution hinge  on making sure every State plays by the rules and does their fair share  to reduce air pollution. That includes dangerous toxic pollution like  mercury. Toxic air pollution gets into the air we breathe, gets into  the food we eat, builds up in our bodies without our knowledge and can  lead to cancer, to mental impairment, and even to death.   Unfortunately, Mr. Wehrum has spent much of his career fighting to  dismantle the Federal environmental protections on which any State--my  State, your State, so many other States--depends in order to clean up  toxic air pollution.   Twenty-seven is also the number of years ago that President George  Herbert Walker Bush signed the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 into  law. Nearly three decades ago, Congress had enough scientific data to  know that mercury and other air toxics, such as lead and arsenic, were  hazardous air pollutants that harmed people's health and, as a result,  should be regulated by the EPA.   The lawmakers--including myself--who sent the Clean Air Act  Amendments of 1990 to the desk of a Republican President thought that  the Nation's largest emitters of mercury and air toxics would soon be  required to do their part and clean up. Unfortunately, it took 22  additional years for the EPA to issue the Mercury and Air Toxic Rule,  which finally, 5 years ago, called for reducing mercury and other air  toxics from coal-fired plants, our Nation's largest source of mercury  emissions.   The EPA modeled the rule after successful steps that States across  our country had already taken. The Agency required coal plants to  install existing affordable technology that could reduce mercury and  toxic emissions by 90 percent.   Today our Nation's power utilities are meeting the mercury and air  toxics standards--they are meeting it--and electricity prices have not  gone up; they have gone down. Some of you might find that hard to  believe, but it is true. They have actually gone down.   You might ask why it took the EPA 22 years to address our Nation's  largest source of mercury and air toxics emissions. That is a fair  question. The answer, in part, is that Mr. Wehrum was working at the  EPA and had the responsibility to assume this life-enhancing--if not  lifesaving--task, a responsibility, sadly, he largely chose to ignore.   In the early 2000s, under Mr. Wehrum's leadership, the EPA decided to  take a detour when it came to regulating mercury and air toxics from  powerplants. Mr. Wehrum refused to follow the recommendation from the  National Academy of Sciences and instead reversed an earlier EPA  decision. He determined it was neither appropriate nor necessary to  regulate powerplants under the air toxics section of the Clean Air Act.  Instead, he chose a different path, helping to write a rule allowing  powerplants to pollute more and for a longer time under a mercury cap- and-trade program.   In his push to make regulations on mercury emissions less protective,  Mr. Wehrum promulgated a rule that industry not only supported but  helped to write. In January 2004, the Washington Post reported that  language written for industry by Mr. Wehrum's old law firm--Latham &  Watkins--appeared word for word in the proposed rule published in the  Federal Register--word for word.   The story reported that ``a side-by-side comparison of one of the  three proposed rules and the memorandums prepared by Latham & Watkins  shows that at least a dozen paragraphs were lifted, sometimes verbatim,  from the industry suggestions.''   After Mr. Wehrum's mercury rule was finalized, the Federal courts  found that EPA had exaggerated the rule's benefits and, as a result,  the rule was  [[Page S7128]]  overturned. In fact, the EPA lost so badly that the deciding judge said  that under the leadership of Mr. Wehrum, the Agency deployed ``the  logic of the Queen of Hearts, substituting the EPA's desires for the  plain text of the law.''   So EPA had to start all over again because Mr. Wehrum ignored science  and deferred to industry. What makes that delay process so egregious is  that our Nation's children were exposed to toxic air emissions from  powerplants for an additional decade for no good reason.   In 2011, the Obama administration finally issued a new rule--the  mercury and air toxic standard rule--that protects our children,  protects our health, and protects our lakes and our rivers. What is  more, industry is easily able to meet the rule's targets, and our  Nation is already seeing the benefits, but these health benefits do not  seem to matter to Mr. Wehrum, who is still fighting for delays in  mercury and air toxic emission reductions.   In fact, while representing his industry clients, he has supported a  lawsuit against the mercury and air toxic rule. Under his leadership,  Mr. Wehrum's law firm has been arguing that it is not ``appropriate and  necessary'' for the EPA to regulate mercury and other air toxic  emissions. Not appropriate and necessary? That is what he says.   When I asked Mr. Wehrum about his time at the EPA and his work to  delay mercury regulations, he was elusive. He seemed to have a  selective memory with respect to the actions he did or did not take  when he last served at the EPA.   When I asked him if he would commit not to weaken the mercury and air  toxic rule if confirmed, he basically refused to answer. However, to  his colleagues, he is very clear regarding his thoughts on the mercury  and air toxic rule. In a trade press article published just 1 year ago,  Mr. Wehrum said: ``From our perspective, it's a regulation that made no  sense and wasn't justified.''   Mr. Wehrum believes there is no justification for EPA to regulate the  largest source of mercury and air toxic pollution--pollution that  pediatricians tell us damage children's brains and could affect up to  600,000 newborns every year--600,000 newborns every year.   Mr. Wehrum believes there is no justification for EPA to regulate the  largest source of mercury and air toxics pollution--pollution that  settles in our lakes, our rivers, streams, accumulates in our fish, and  makes them too dangerous to eat.   Mr. Wehrum believes there is no justification for EPA to regulate the  largest source of mercury and air toxics pollution, even though power  companies have already bought, paid for, and installed the control  technology on all powerplants without hiking electricity rates.   This information should be quite concerning to all of us, to all of  our colleagues--I don't care where we come from--especially those who  have supported the mercury and air toxic rule, as many of us have.   If confirmed, Mr. Wehrum would be part of the review of the mercury  and air toxic rule that Mr. Pruitt promises to undertake. Think about  that.   This is just one of the many clear examples in which Mr. Wehrum  continues to support polluters over science and doctors, even going so  far as to give polluters the pen to write the regulations they would  have to follow. Unfortunately, there are many more.   Mr. Wehrum also spearheaded regulations when he was last at EPA that  weakened air protections for national parks. The courts threw out those  efforts to weaken the so-called regional haze rule, compelling the  Obama administration to clean up his mess and provide this protection  for iconic parks like the Grand Canyon and the Great Smoky Mountains  National Park because, again, Mr. Wehrum did not follow science or the  law.   Nonetheless, Mr. Wehrum continues to pursue ongoing litigation  against EPA's efforts to reduce national park pollution. Last year, Mr.  Wehrum declared in an article: ``EPA used the regional haze programs to  impose very stringent, and from our perspective, unwarranted emissions  requirements.''   Mr. Wehrum also has a long history of ignoring climate change science  and the laws that regulate carbon emissions. While at the EPA, Mr.  Wehrum was critical of the Agency's decision to deny the State of  California a waiver to impose stricter vehicle standards to reduce  greenhouse gas emissions as well as costs for consumers. Mr. Wehrum  personally pushed for this action against recommendations of the career  staff who did not believe the George W. Bush administration political  appointee had a legal basis to deny California's request.   I am here today to remind Mr. Wehrum and all those who continue to  delay action to control greenhouse gas emissions under the premise that  more information about how the climate is changing or whether or not  human beings are exacerbating the effects of climate change--the facts  are in. The science is clear.   Even if he doesn't want to believe the numbers and the data--Mr.  Wehrum lives in Delaware, as do I. We run races together, sometimes  ride the same trains back and forth between Wilmington and Washington.  However, in the State in which we both reside, for us, the effects of  climate change are evident. In our State, we are the Nation's lowest  lying State. Parts of our State are sinking while at the same time the  waters are rising along our shores.   By his own admission, while at the EPA, Mr. Wehrum provided support  to the government litigation team in a famous case: Massachusetts v.  EPA. That team argued that greenhouse gases are not pollutants that  could be regulated under the Clean Air Act. It is not just me who  disagreed with Mr. Wehrum in this instance, the Supreme Court of the  United States disagreed as well.   Unfortunately, Mr. Wehrum's views on climate change seem to be the  same as they were 15 years ago. Despite the Supreme Court's ruling in  Massachusetts v. EPA, which affirmed EPA's authority to regulate  greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act, Mr. Wehrum insisted in 2013  that he ``continues to believe, that Congress never intended the EPA to  address an issue such as climate change under the Clean Air Act.''   In his nomination hearing before the EPW Committee, Mr. Wehrum  claimed that the climate is changing, but much is unknown--much is  unknown--about why and how fast those changes are occurring.   I could go on for a while, as you can imagine, but suffice it to say,  these views of Mr. Wehrum are not just curious, they are dangerous.  They are dangerous. Ignoring environmental health science just because  you would rather not put protections in place hurts all of us in the  end but especially the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Wehrum's time at  EPA is at odds with the public health mission of that Agency.   All of the failed regulations Mr. Wehrum worked on created greater  uncertainty for business and left the lives of the most vulnerable  populations at risk.   I would like to close by reflecting on why I think today's vote is so  important. My wife Martha and I go to a Presbyterian Church in  Wilmington most Sundays. Earlier this year, on an especially lovely  spring morning--a morning I had gone out for a run--we joined our  congregation in singing a number of hymns, and one of them began with  these words:       For the beauty of the Earth,      For the glory of the skies,      For the love which from our birth      Over and around us lies,      Lord of all, to Thee we raise      This our hymn of grateful praise.    It is a powerful passage, and we should let these words really and  truly resonate, especially on this morning.   Scripture reminds us repeatedly to love our neighbors as ourselves.  We know that and call that the Golden Rule. It appears in every major  religion in the world--I don't care if you are Christian, Jewish,  Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist. I don't care what your faith is, there is a  Golden Rule in your Sacred Scriptures. In our faith, we call it the  Golden Rule.    Also found in those pages is another sacred obligation that we are to  serve as stewards of this planet to which we have been entrusted, and  we have a moral obligation to do so. I know a great many of our  colleagues here in the Senate agree that we have a responsibility to  care for the world around us and the people who live in it. Most  Americans believe that. We all have an obligation to protect the health  of our children and our families  [[Page S7129]]  and the world in which we live. We have an obligation to ensure that we  have clean air to breathe--perhaps the most basic, most important right  of all. For me, this is not only my responsibility as a parent and as  an official elected to serve the people of Delaware; it is a moral  imperative, a moral calling.   Americans deserve EPA leaders who believe in sound science. Americans  need EPA leaders who will listen to the medical experts when it comes  to our health and who will be able to strike a balance that ensures  both a cleaner environment and a stronger economy--something we have  done for the past 27 years since the adoption of the Clean Air Act  Amendments of 1990.   Moving forward with this nominee and thus allowing him to execute his  extreme agenda once again at the EPA, especially when we have seen how  poorly he handled that authority before, would be, in my mind, simply  irresponsible. I do not believe Mr. Wehrum is the right fit for this  position. I encourage my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, to vote  no on his nomination to be EPA's Assistant Administrator for Air.   Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that prior to the vote on  confirmation on the Wehrum nomination, there be an additional 2 minutes  of debate, equally divided.    Mr. President, as we prepare to vote on this nominee, I  wish to implore my colleagues to take one last moment to think about  this decision before us. I ask them to recall the words that I said  just a bit earlier this morning from the hymn that Martha and I heard  at church, not far from my home in Wilmington, DE, one Sunday on a  beautiful spring morning. It is a song, a hymn that we all know:       For the beauty of the Earth,      For the glory of the skies,      For the love which from our birth      Over and around us lies,      Lord of all, to Thee we raise      This our hymn of grateful praise.    That powerful message reminds me of the incredible responsibility we  have in this body to serve and protect the people who sent us here. We  must serve as stewards, also, of this planet, which has been entrusted  to us and to care for all the most vulnerable among us.   For me, that is not just my responsibility as a parent or as an  official elected to serve the people of my State for all these years.  It is a moral imperative and a sacred obligation, and there is no more  basic human need than having clean air to breathe.   I implore my colleagues. We have seen Mr. Wehrum's extreme agenda at  the EPA once before. It would be the height of irresponsibility and a  shirking of our moral obligation to confirm him today. I implore you to  join me in voting no on Bill Wehrum.   Thank you very much.   