 Mr. President, first, I sat at the back of the room to  listen to my colleague from Illinois. I know he got up because he  wanted very much to respond to the majority leader, and I thought he  did a great job. It was a pleasure to listen, as always, to one of the  most articulate Members with whom I have ever served in any legislative  body, as well as his having many other good traits.    There are clearly principled reasons to oppose Judge  Gorsuch, and enough of us Democrats have reasons to prevent his  nomination from moving forward on Thursday's cloture vote.   The question is no longer whether Judge Gorsuch will get enough votes  on the cloture motion; now the question is, Will the majority leader  and our friends on the other side break the rules of the Senate to  approve Judge Gorsuch on a majority vote? That question should be the  focus of the debate here on the floor, and it should weigh heavily on  the conscience of every Senator.   Ultimately, my Republican friends face a simple choice: They can  fundamentally alter the rules and traditions of this great body or they  can sit down with us Democrats and the President to come up with a  mainstream nominee who can earn bipartisan support and pass the Senate.   No one is making our Republican colleagues change the rules. No one  is forcing Senator McConnell to change the rules. He is doing it of his  own volition, just as he prevented Merrick Garland from getting a vote  of his own volition. Senator McConnell and my Republican colleagues are  completely free actors in making a choice--a very bad one, in our  opinion.   I know my friends on the other side of the aisle are uncomfortable  with this choice, so they are scrambling for arguments to justify  breaking the rules. Let me go through a few of these justifications and  explain why each does not hold up.   First, many of my Republican colleagues will argue that they can  break the rules because ``Democrats started it in 2013'' when we  lowered the bar for lower court nominees and Cabinet appointments.   Let's talk about that. The reason Majority Leader Reid changed the  rules was that Republicans had ramped up the use of the filibuster--the  very filibuster they now decry--to historic proportions. They  filibustered 79 nominees in the first 5 years of Obama's Presidency.  Let's put that into perspective. Prior to President Obama, there were  68 filibusters on nominations under all of the other Presidents  combined, from George Washington to George Bush. We had 79. Our  colleagues and Leader McConnell, the filibuster is wrong? There were  79--more than all of the other Presidents put together. The shoe was on  a different foot.   They deliberately kept open three seats on the second most important  court in the land--the DC Court of Appeals--because it had such  influence over decisions made by the government. This is the court,  other than the U.S. Supreme Court, that the Federalist Society and the  Heritage Foundation hate the most. The deal that a  [[Page S2183]]  number of Senators made in 2005 allowed several of the most  conservative judges to be confirmed to that court--very conservative  people. It left a bad taste in my mouth, and I am sure in my  colleagues' and in many others.    But then, when President Obama came in, they insisted on not filling  any additional seats on the court--which, of course, would have been  Democratic seats--and eventually held open 3 of the 11 seats on that  court. They said they would not allow those seats to be filled by  President Obama--an eerie precedent, which the majority leader repeated  with Merrick Garland. He didn't want the DC Circuit to have Obama- appointed, Democratic-appointed nominees; he didn't want that on the  Supreme Court, so he blocked Merrick Garland. He didn't want it on the  DC Circuit, so they wouldn't let any of President Obama's nominees come  to the floor.   Merrick Garland's nomination was not the first time the majority  leader held open a judicial seat because it wasn't the President of his  party, and that was not during an election year.   At the time, I spoke with my good friend from Tennessee, Senator  Alexander. I asked him to go to Senator McConnell and tell him that the  pressure on our side to change these rules--after all of these  unprecedented numbers of filibusters--was going to be large. I said to  Senator Alexander: Let's try to avoid it. But Senator McConnell and  Republicans refused all of our overtures to break the deadlock they  imposed.   To be clear, Democrats changed the rules after 1,776 days of  obstruction on President Obama's nominees. My Republican friends are  contemplating changing the rules after barely more than 70 days of  President Trump's administration. We moved to change the rules after 79  cloture motions had to be filed. They are talking about changing the  rules after 1 nominee fails to meet the 60-vote threshold.   So, yes, Democrats changed the rules in 2013, but only to surmount an  unprecedented slowdown that was crippling the Federal judiciary, and we  left the 60-vote threshold intact for the Supreme Court deliberately.  We could have changed it. We had free will then, just as Senator  McConnell has it now. But we left the 60-vote threshold intact for the  Supreme Court because we knew and know--just as our Republican friends  know--that the highest Court in the land is different.   Unlike with lower courts, Justices on the Supreme Court don't simply  apply precedents of a higher court; they set the precedents. They have  the ultimate authority under our constitutional government to interpret  the law. Justices on the Supreme Court should be mainstream enough to  garner substantial bipartisan support; hence, why we didn't change the  rules; hence, why we believe in the 60-vote threshold; and hence, why  55 or 60 percent of all Americans agree with the 60-vote threshold,  according to the most recent polls. To me, and I think to most of my  friends on the Republican side, that is not a good enough reason to  escalate the argument and break the rules for the Supreme Court.   Second, as I have mentioned, I have heard my Republican friends  complain that Democrats are conducting the first partisan filibuster of  a Supreme Court nominee in history, so that is the reason they can  justify breaking the rules because Democrats are the ones taking it to  a new level. Again, I have just two words for my Republican friends:  Merrick Garland. The Republican majority conducted the first partisan  filibuster of a Supreme Court pick when their members refused to have  hearings for Merrick Garland.   In fact, what the Republicans did was worse than a filibuster. The  fact is, the Republicans blocked Merrick Garland using the most  unprecedented of maneuvers. Now we are likely to block Judge Gorsuch  because we are insisting on a bar of 60 votes.   We think a 60-vote bar is far more in keeping with tradition than  what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland. We don't think the two are  equivalent. Nonetheless, in the history of the Scalia vacancy, both  sides have lost. We didn't get Merrick Garland; they are not getting 60  votes on Judge Gorsuch.   So we are back to square one right now, and the Republicans have  total freedom of choice in this situation.   Finally, Republicans have started to argue that because Democrats  will not confirm Judge Gorsuch, we will not confirm anyone nominated by  President Trump, so they have to break the rules right now. That is an  easy one. I am the Democratic leader. I can tell you myself that there  are mainstream Republican nominees who could earn adequate Democratic  support.   And just look at recent history. Justices Roberts and Alito, two  conservative judges who many of us on the Democratic side probably  don't agree with, both earned over 60 votes. They got Democratic votes.  While there was a cloture vote on Justice Alito, he was able to earn  enough bipartisan support that cloture was invoked with over 70 votes.  He got only 58 when we voted for him, but the key vote was the cloture  vote.   Let's have the President consult Members of both parties--he didn't  with Gorsuch--and try to come up with a consensus nominee who could  meet a 60-vote threshold. That is what President Clinton did with my  friend, the Senator from Utah, in selecting Justices Ginsberg and  Breyer. It is what President Obama did with Merrick Garland.   Of course, we realize a nominee selected this way would not agree  with many of our views. That is true. But President Trump was elected  President, and he is entitled by the Constitution to nominate. But  Judge Gorsuch is so far out of the mainstream that the Washington Post  said his voting record would place him to the right of Justice Thomas.  He was selected by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society  without an iota of input from the Senate.   There is a better way to do this. I know it sometimes may seem like a  foreign concept in our hyperpolarized politics these days, but there is  always the option of actually consulting Democrats on a nominee and  discussing a way forward that both parties can live with. We are  willing to meet anywhere, anytime.   So my friends on the other side can dredge up these old wounds and  shopworn talking points if they choose. If Republicans want to conduct  a partisan, ``they started it'' exercise, I am sure we could trace this  all the way back to the Hamilton-Burr duel. But at the end of the day,  they have to confront a simple choice: Are they willing to break the  rules of the Senate or can they work with us on a way forward? I, for  one, hope we can find a way to compromise. Judge Gorsuch was not a  compromise. He was solely chosen without any consultation. So it is not  that there is a Merrick equivalency.   My friend the majority leader said: ``I think we can stipulate that  in the Senate it takes 60 votes on controversial matters.'' If anything  is a controversial, important matter, it is a selection for the Supreme  Court, and Senator McConnell has repeatedly stood for the rightness of  60 votes on important and controversial issues.   If Senator McConnell wants to change his view on the 60 votes all of  a sudden and Republicans decide to go along with him, it will not be  because Democrats started it, because that is not true. It will not be  because Democrats will not confirm any President Trump-nominated  Justice, because that is not true. It will be because they choose to do  so, and they will have to bear the unfortunate consequences.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, before I begin the substance of my  remarks, I want to first welcome our coal miners from West Virginia  here, and I thank them for the hard work they have done through the  years to make America the outstanding country that it truly is.   Also, I want to tell you, first, your Senator from West Virginia--you  don't have a better fighter than in anyone but him. Second, I am  totally committed to making this happen for you, and I will do  everything in my power. Our entire caucus--all 48 of us--are completely  behind you.   I thank my friend from West Virginia.   Mr. President, as each hour brings us closer to the cloture vote on  the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and a  potential rules change if that vote fails, I rise this afternoon to  entreat my friend, the majority leader, to step back from the brink.   As I and so many other of my colleagues have made clear, we Democrats  have principled reasons to vote against this nominee on tomorrow's  cloture vote. First, he has instinctively favored corporate interests  over average  [[Page S2326]]  Americans. Second, he hasn't shown a scintilla of independence from  President Trump. And third, Judge Gorsuch, based on his record and  history, has a deeply held, far-right special interest judicial  philosophy that is far out of the mainstream.   He was selected from a list developed by the very hard-right, special  interest Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society. The Washington  Post, after analyzing his decisions on the Tenth Circuit, concluded  that Judge Gorsuch may be the most hard, conservative Justice on the  bench, to the right of even Justice Thomas.   It may seem abstract to many Americans, but Judge Gorsuch's judicial  philosophy matters a great deal. It will affect dozens of decisions and  decades of jurisprudence that could have far-reaching consequences on  the lives of average Americans.   As Emily Bazelton in the New York Times put it: ``[T]he reality is  that Judge Gorsuch embraces a judicial philosophy that would do nothing  less than undermine the structure of modern government--including the  rules that keep our water clean, regulate the financial markets, and  protect workers and consumers.''   If that philosophy becomes the majority view on the Supreme Court,  average Americans are in big, big trouble.   The prospect concerns almost every Democrat here in this body, enough  to prevent cloture on Judge Gorsuch's nomination tomorrow.   This leaves the majority leader and my Republican friends with a  choice: Break the rules of the Senate or sit down with us Democrats and  the President to come up with a mainstream nominee who can earn enough  bipartisan support to pass the Senate.   We Democrats believe the answer isn't to change the rules; it is to  change the nominee, as Presidents of both parties have done when a  nominee fails to earn confirmation. Instead, my Republican friends seem  intent on breaking the rules for Judge Gorsuch and are trying to find  reasons to justify it.   The truth is, each side can blame the other. We believe they are more  in the wrong. They believe we are more in the wrong. The game of  pointing fingers and ``they started it'' can go back and back and back  to the very founding of the Republic.   If my Republican friends think that they have to change the rules  because this blame game has gotten so far out of hand that Democrats  will never pass a Republican-nominated Supreme Court Justice, I would  remind them of Justices Alito and Roberts, two conservatives who,  nonetheless, passed the Senate, having met a 60-vote bar. That was  during a pretty contentious time as well.   If my Republican friends think that what we Democrats did in 2013 was  so wrong and that is the reason to break the rules, I would remind them  that the only reason we changed the rules was because the Republican  minority in the Senate had forced cloture petitions to be filed on more  nominees under President Obama's first 5 years than in all the 225  years before him combined. They forced the majority leader to file more  cloture petitions for President Obama's nominees than all the cloture  petitions filed from George Washington through George W. Bush.   When we Democrats changed the rules, however, we purposefully left  the 60-vote bar for the Supreme Court intact because we knew, as the  Republicans know, that the Supreme Court is different. Justices on the  Supreme Court don't simply apply the precedents of a higher court. They  set the precedents. That is why Justices should be mainstream enough to  garner substantial bipartisan support.   If the majority leader breaks the rules tomorrow--that is his  choice--he would be forever unwinding that important principle, erasing  the last shred of bipartisanship in the Senate confirmation process.   If my Republican friends think a filibuster on Judge Gorsuch is so  wrong that they have cause to break the rules, I would remind them that  almost every one of them lined up behind the majority leader when he  vowed mere hours after the death of Justice Scalia that President Obama  would not get to fill a Supreme Court seat, despite 11 months left in  his Presidency. That was much worse than a filibuster. Even my friend,  the Republican Senator from Tennessee, called it ``audacious.'' But I  think Representative Adam Schiff of California said it best: ``When  McConnell deprived President Obama of a vote on Garland, it was a  nuclear option. The rest is fallout.''   The fact is, the Republicans blocked Merrick Garland using the most  unprecedented of maneuvers. Now we are likely to block Judge Gorsuch  because we are insisting on a bar of 60 votes.   We think a 60-vote bar is far more in keeping with tradition than  what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland. The majority leader  himself has stipulated--this is Mitch McConnell's quote: ``In the  Senate . . . it takes 60 votes on controversial matters.'' On the other  hand, there is absolutely no precedent, rule, tradition, or custom that  can justify what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland, none.   The two are not equivalent. Over the long history of partisan combat  over judicial nominations, of course there is blame on both sides. We  don't believe the blame should be equally shared between Republicans  and Democrats.   The Republican Party has been far more aggressive in employing new  tactics and escalating old ones to fight the nominees of a President of  the opposing party. The Republican Party has been far more aggressive  in their selection of judicial candidates, picking judges who have an  ideology closer to the conservative extremes of American politics,  while Democrats have tended to select candidates closer to the center.   Keep this in mind: The last time a Republican-controlled Senate  confirmed a Supreme Court nomination of a Democratic President was  1895.   Let me repeat that amazing fact. The last time a Republican- controlled Senate confirmed the Supreme Court nomination of a  Democratic President was 1895.   So we can argue endlessly about where and with whom this all started.  Was it the Bork nomination, which received a vote in a Democratic  Senate, by the way? Or was it the obstruction of judges under President  Clinton? Was it when Democrats blocked a few judges under President  Bush or when Republicans forced Democrats to file more cloture  petitions in 5 years of President Obama's Presidency than during all  other Presidencies combined? Was it Judge Garland or Judge Gorsuch?   Wherever we place the starting point of this long, twilight battle  over the judiciary, we are now approaching its end point. We are  nearing the final hour, and the stakes are considerable.   After the cloture vote on Judge Gorsuch, Democrats will have been  denied Merrick Garland due to tactics we felt were unfair and  Republicans will have been denied Judge Gorsuch because of tactics they  think are unfair. Our two parties have traded bitter blows. In the  tortured history of the Scalia vacancy, the debate has been saturated  with contradiction. But in a very real sense, even though each side  thinks their side is more right than the other, neither side is happy  with how we got here.   Now we are standing on the brink of an irrevocable change to the way  this body conducts business. As the majority leader once said: Changing  the rules is a bell that is very hard to unring.    As the clock ticks steadily toward tomorrow, what are we going to do?  I, for one, would like to see us step back from the brink. As the  Democratic leader, I still hope that I can sit down with the Republican  leader and find a way out of this pernicious cycle. I believe that as  leaders of our respective caucuses, it is at least up to us to try for  the sake of the Senate. The Republican leader and I disagree on a great  many things, but we agree upon the importance of the Senate in American  life. We can decide today to commit to solving this problem. Each side  can stop pointing fingers. Each side can lay down their arms. Each side  can put aside the resentments built up after years of trench warfare on  nominees. We can decide today to talk about a way out of this impasse  instead of changing the rules.   We both lost Supreme Court nominees. We shouldn't also lose a  longstanding rule of the Senate that encourages our two parties to work  together to fulfill one of the Senate's most important functions.   So the option to sit down with us Democrats and talk about a new  nominee who can gain sufficient bipartisan  [[Page S2327]]  support remains on the table right now. I hope my friend the Republican  leader thinks about where we are headed and takes a moment to let  reason and prudence prevail over rancor and haste.   Just as the majority leader holds the power to exercise the nuclear  option, he also has the power to avoid it. If the majority leader is  willing to cooperate in a bipartisan way, if he is willing to sit down  with us in good faith and try to find a way out, he will find an open  door and an open mind, and maybe, maybe we can for the moment avoid an  outcome that no Senator from either side wants to see.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this past week, the American people have  been exposed to a contentious debate here on the Senate floor about the  nomination of Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.   The American people have heard many arguments about the judge's  merits and his shortcomings. They have also heard Senators litigate  four decades of fierce partisan wrangling over the composition and  direction of the Federal judiciary. That debate, that long debate, has  informed the current one about Judge Gorsuch. Newer Members may not  remember all the details. Friends of mine, like Senator Hatch, probably  remember too many of them. Still, the vote on Judge Gorsuch and the  decision by the majority leader to move to change the rules has roped  in all of that history.   Now, how did we get here? The truth is, over the long history of  partisan combat over judicial nominations, there is blame on both  sides. We believe that the blame should not be shared equally between  Republicans and Democrats. We believe the Republican Party has been the  far more aggressive party in the escalation of tactics and in the  selection of extreme judicial candidates, while Democrats have tended  to select judges closer to the middle.   Keep this in mind: The last time a Republican-controlled Senate  confirmed the Supreme Court nomination of a Democratic President was  1895. Nonetheless, each side comes here today in full confidence that  their side is in the right. It was once said that ``antagonism is never  worse than when it involves two men each of whom is convinced that he  speaks for the goodness and rectitude.'' So it is today.   My Republican friends feel that they have cause to change the rules  because the Democrats changed the rules on the lower court nominees in  2013. We believe we had to change the rules in 2013 because the  Republicans ramped up the use of the filibuster to historic  proportions, forcing more cloture votes under President Obama than  during all other Presidents combined--more cloture votes under Obama  than under George Washington all the way through to George Bush.   My Republican friends think they have cause to change the rules  because we are about to deny cloture on the nomination of Judge  Gorsuch. We believe what Republicans did to Merrick Garland was worse  than a filibuster, declaring mere hours after Justice Scalia's death  that they would deny the constitutional prerogative of a President with  11 months left in his term. As my colleague from Illinois noted, we did  not hear two words in the long speech of Senator McConnell: Merrick  Garland.   We could relitigate these debates for the next hour, mentioning  everything the Republican leader left out in his remarks. In fact, I am  pretty sure we could argue endlessly about where, and with whom, this  all started. Was it the Bork nomination or the obstruction of judges  under President Clinton? Was it when Democrats blocked judges under  President Bush or when Republicans blocked them under President Obama?  Was it Judge Garland or Judge Gorsuch? Wherever we place the starting  point of this long twilight battle over the judiciary, we are now at  its end point.   These past few weeks, we Democrats have given Judge Gorsuch a fair  process, something Merrick Garland was denied. My colleagues came into  this debate with an open mind. I think many of them wanted to vote for  Judge Gorsuch at the outset. So we met with the nominee. We consented  to and participated in his hearing. But over the course of the hearing,  during which Judge Gorsuch employed practiced evasions and judicial  platitudes, the mood of our caucus shifted. Without so much as a hint  about his judicial philosophy, without a substantive explanation of how  he views crucial legal questions, all we had to go on was his record,  and the more we learned about Judge Gorsuch's record, the more we  didn't like.   Judge Gorsuch has shown in his rulings and in his writings to side  almost instinctively with corporate interests over average Americans.  He hasn't shown independence from the President, who so routinely  challenges the legitimacy of the judiciary. While he has made a  studious effort to portray himself as thoughtful and moderate, his  record shows that, far from being the kind of mainstream candidate for  the Supreme Court that could earn 60 votes, he may very well turn out  to be  [[Page S2388]]  one of the most conservative Justices on the bench. An analysis of his  record in the New York Times showed he would be the second most  conservative Justice on the bench, and one in the Washington Post  showed he would be the most conservative Justice, even to the right of  Justice Thomas.   For these principled reasons, Judge Gorsuch was unable to earn enough  Democratic support for confirmation. Because of that, the majority is  about to change the Standing Rules of the Senate to allow all Supreme  Court nominees to pass on a majority vote.   It doesn't have to be this way. When a nominee doesn't get enough  votes for confirmation, the answer is not to change the rules; it is to  change the nominee. Presidents of both parties have done so in similar  situations. On several occasions, Supreme Court nominees were withdrawn  because they did not have enough support; one was even withdrawn after  a failed cloture vote.    So this week we have endeavored to give the majority leader and my  friends on the other side of the aisle a way out of this predicament.  We offered them the option to sit down with us Democrats and the  President and discuss a nominee who would earn enough bipartisan  support to pass the Senate, not one vetted only by far-right special  interest groups.   I came here to the floor each day and made an offer to meet anywhere,  anytime to discuss a new nominee. I hoped, perhaps naively, that we  could discuss a way forward that both our parties could live with.  Unfortunately, there were no counteroffers or discussion offered by the  other side. But our offer was meant sincerely.   Democrats and Republicans are caught in such a bunker mentality on  this issue that we are just talking past each other. I know that many  of my Republican friends are squeamish and uncomfortable with the path  we are on, as we Democrats are as well. We have reached a point where  the level of distrust is so high on this issue, we can't even sit down  and talk.   My Republican friends dismiss out of hand the notion that Democrats  will ever vote to confirm a Republican-nominated judge, despite the  fact that there were Democratic votes for both Justices Roberts and  Alito to get them over 60 and despite our plangent attempts to convince  them otherwise. But make no mistake about it, for all the back and  forth, when history weighs what happened, the responsibility for  changing the rules will fall on the Republicans' and Leader McConnell's  shoulders. They have had other choices; they have chosen this one. No  one forced them to act; they acted with free will. We offered them  alternatives; they refused. They hardly entertained any other  possibilities. It seemed that the Republican leader was, from day one,  intent on changing the rules if he didn't get his way.   Frankly, this is how so many of our Republican friends have  approached the judiciary for a long time. For two decades, they have  done whatever it has taken to move the bench to an ideological, far- right position. Independent experts have stated that we have a more  conservative Supreme Court than we have had in a very long time.  Nothing--not even the rules, not even the comity of the Senate--seems  to stop them.   When the dust settles, make no mistake about it, it will have been  the Republicans who changed the rules on the Supreme Court. But we take  no solace that history will put it on their shoulders because the  consequences for the Senate and for the future of the Supreme Court  will be far-reaching. The nuclear option means the end of a long  history of consensus on Supreme Court nominations. It weakens the  standing of the Senate as a whole as a check on the President's ability  to shape the judiciary. In a postnuclear world, if the Senate and the  Presidency are in the hands of the same party, there is no incentive to  even speak to the Senate minority. That is a recipe for more conflict  and bad blood between the parties, not less. The cooling saucer of the  Senate will get considerably hotter.   The 60-vote threshold on controversial matters is a hallmark of the  Senate. The majority leader has said so himself. It fosters compromise,  it fosters bipartisanship, and it makes the Senate more deliberative.  Sixty votes ought to be the epigraph of the Senate. Losing that  standard on the Supreme Court, a hugely controversial matter, erodes  the very nature of this body.   The 60-vote bar in the Senate is the guard rail of our democracy.  When our body politics is veering too far to the right or to the left,  the answer is not to dismantle the guardrails and go over the cliff but  to turn the wheel back toward the middle. The answer is not to undo the  guardrails--the rules--it is to steer back to the middle and get a more  mainstream candidate.   With respect to the Supreme Court, the 60-vote threshold operates as  a guardrail against judicial extremism. When 60 votes--typically a  bipartisan supermajority--are required for confirmation, nominees tend  to be in the judicial mainstream. The only nominee on the Court to be  confirmed with less than 60 votes was Justice Thomas, who is widely  recognized to be the most ideologically extreme Supreme Court Justice.  It will mean the end of any pressure on any future President to  nominate someone in the mainstream.   When it comes to the courts, the guardrails are being dismantled.  There will be more 5-to-4 decisions, as our ranking member of the  Judiciary Committee has pointed out. There will be less faith in the  Supreme Court because it will be seen as a political body, an extension  of our most divisive debates. As a result, America's faith in the  integrity of the Court and the trust in the rule of law will suffer.   In conclusion, I am disheartened that we are here. In the sweep of  history, the Senate has been the place where great, seemingly  intractable disagreements in American politics finally give way to  compromise, precisely because we have a set of rules that requires it.  The story of the Senate is one of fierce debate but eventual  cooperation. We tend to pull back when things get too heated because we  all care about this institution and its role in our national life. In  this case, the cumulative resentments from years of partisan trench  warfare were too great. Instead of the Senate forcing us to change,  Senators have decided to change the Senate. I worry a great deal about  what that means for our future.   Twenty years ago, I think even the most partisan would say that the  60-vote threshold was basically inviolable. Today, it will be gone for  all nominations, but at least not for legislation. My friend the  majority leader has said he has no interest in removing the barrier for  legislation.   I agree with him wholeheartedly, and I take him at his word.   I hope we can get together to do more in future months to ensure that  the 60-vote threshold for legislation remains, but just as it seemed  unthinkable only a few decades ago that we would change the rules for  nominees, today's vote is a cautionary tale about how unbridled  partisan escalation can ultimately overwhelm our basic inclination to  work together and frustrate our efforts to pull back, blocking us from  steering the ship of the Senate away from the rocks.   There is a reason it was dubbed the ``nuclear option.'' It is the  most extreme measure, with the most extreme consequences. While I am  sure we will continue to debate what got us here, I know that in 20 or  30 or 40 years, we will sadly point to today as a turning point in the  history of the Senate and the Supreme Court; a day when we irrevocably  moved further away from the principles our Founders intended with these  institutions, principles of bipartisanship and moderation and  consensus.   Let us go no further on this path.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, parliamentary inquiry.    Madam President, is it correct that over half the  nominations on which cloture motions were filed in the Senate, over the  course of our entire history as a country, were filed between the  beginning of President Obama's administration and November 21, 2013?    Madam President, further parliamentary inquiry.    Madam President, under the rules and precedents of the  Senate, is the Senate prohibited from considering and voting on a  nominee to the Supreme Court in the fourth year of the President's  term?    Madam President, additional parliamentary inquiry.    Is the Chair aware of any instance in the years between  the 1949 advent of routine public Supreme Court confirmation hearings  and 2016 that a nominee who was not withdrawn did not receive a hearing  and a vote?    Madam President, in order to allow President Trump,  Republicans, and Democrats time to come together and discuss a way  forward on a Supreme Court nominee who can meet the 60-vote threshold,  I move to postpone the nomination to 3 p.m. on Monday, April 24, and I  ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, parliamentary inquiry.    Madam President, did the Senate precedent established on  November 21, 2013, on how nominations  [[Page S2390]]  are considered in the Senate change the cloture threshold for  nominations to the Supreme Court?    Madam President, a second parliamentary inquiry.    Madam President, in the history of the Senate, have  there been any instances in which a nomination to the Supreme Court was  withdrawn after cloture was not invoked on the nomination?    Thank you, Madam President.   Madam President, a parliamentary inquiry.    Madam President, of the last 26 nominations of Justices  confirmed to the Supreme Court, going back to 1954, how many were  confirmed without a rollcall vote or received more than 60 votes in  support of their nomination either on cloture or on confirmation?    Madam President, I move to adjourn until 5 p.m., and I  ask for the yeas and nays.   