 Mr. President, today we are voting on the nomination  of Peter Robb for general counsel of the National Labor Relations  Board, NLRB.   As general counsel, Mr. Robb will have the important job of helping  workers who feel their right to organize collectively has been violated  or assisting employers when some of their employees want to form a  union.   Mr. Robb will have an opportunity to help restore the Board to the  role of a neutral umpire in labor disputes.   While partisanship at the Board did not start under the previous  administration, it became far worse.   When the Board is too partisan, it creates instability in our  Nation's workplaces and creates confusion for employers, employees, and  unions.   For example, in 2015, at the previous general counsel's urging, an  NLRB decision dramatically expanded ``joint employer'' liability, and  this increased liability makes it much more likely a company will find  it more practical to own and operate its stores, taking away the  opportunity for a worker to own and run their own franchise.   This decision was the biggest attack on the opportunity for small  business men and women to make their way into the middle class that  anyone has seen in a long time, threatening to destroy the American  Dream for owners of the Nation's 780,000 franchise locations.   Or consider the previous general counsel's aggressive application of  the National Labor Relations Act to protect certain employees'  belligerent, threatening, and discriminatory conduct.   One troubling decision involved an employer that fired a picketing  employee who engaged in racist and offensive conduct on a picket line.   The Board found that the employee's remarks were ``racist, offensive  and reprehensible,'' and violated the company's nondiscrimination  policies and the union's conduct rules; yet the Board still ruled that  the employer's discharge of the employee was unlawful.   This type of Board decision defies common sense and makes it more  difficult for employers to maintain safe workplaces free of  discrimination and harassment.   Mr. Robb is extremely qualified to be general counsel of the NLRB.   He currently works as the director of labor and employment at the law  firm Downs Rachlin and Marin.   He served as chief counsel to NLRB Member Robert Hunter and was a  regional field attorney for the NLRB in Baltimore.   Mr. Robb earned his B.A. in economics from Georgetown University and  his J.D. from the University of Maryland School of Law.   His experience and prudence will serve him well at the NLRB.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Peter Robb for  general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.    Mr. President, healthcare is on the minds of the  American people. According to the Washington Post, in the elections in  Virginia yesterday, it was by far the biggest issue in voters' minds.  Maine expanded Medicaid.   In my home State of Tennessee, because of the Affordable Care Act's  structure, premiums have gone up 176 percent over the last 4 years and  another 58 percent, on average, for 2018 is predicted.   Tennesseans, like millions of Americans, are going through open  enrollment and have sticker shock when they see the prices of the  health insurance they might buy, and the 178 million people who are  getting their insurance on the job--that is 60 percent of us--know they  might lose their job, they might change their job, and they might be in  the individual market themselves and might find themselves exposed to  these skyrocketing premiums and the chaos that results from them.   This is especially difficult for Americans who have no government  subsidy to help them buy insurance. In 2016, according to the  Department of Health and Human Services, there were about 9 million of  those Americans.   There are 350,000 people in Tennessee who buy insurance on the  individual market. That means they don't get it on the job. They don't  get it from the government. They go out and buy it themselves, and  150,000 of those pay the whole brunt. So if insurance costs go up 176  percent over 4 years, another 58 percent this year, that means the  songwriter, the farmer, the self-employed person has a very difficult  time buying insurance. It is a terrifying prospect. That is why  healthcare is on the minds of the American people.   One would think the American people might turn around and look at  Washington and ask: Why doesn't the President of the United States and  why don't Members of Congress--Republicans as well as Democrats--get  together and do something about the skyrocketing premiums?   Well, what would you think if I told you that last month the  President of the United States, President Trump, called me and asked me  to do just that?   He said: I don't want people to be hurt over the next couple of years  while we are continuing to debate the long-term structure of healthcare  on the individual market. So why don't you get with Senator Murray from  Washington--she is the ranking Democrat on the Senate HELP Committee-- and why don't you try to work something out so people will not be hurt  during these 2 years.   He said: I have to cut off the cost-sharing payments because the  court has said they are not legal, but we can put them back. Go  negotiate. See what you can do. Try to get some flexibility for the  States.   Fortunately, Senator Murray and I were already working on that and to  have the President's call was encouraging to me. He called me three  more times over the next 2 weeks, and the long and short of it is we  produced a result.   Here is what the result looks like--and I am going to talk about it  from the point of view of why Republicans are supporting it. Senator  Murray and Democratic Senators were here earlier saying why they were  supporting it. Senator Rounds from South Dakota, a former Governor of  that State, a man who understands insurance very well and helped  develop this proposal--we are here today to say this happens to be one  of those bills where there are  [[Page S7099]]  good reasons for Democrats to support it, there are good reasons for  Republicans to support it, and the President has asked for it.   Here is what it does, from my point of view. The so-called Alexander- Murray legislation, which was recommended to the Senate by Senator  Murray and me--there were 12 Republicans and 12 Democrats who were  original cosponsors, including Senator Rounds and myself. That doesn't  happen very often here. That is one-quarter of the Senate offering a  bipartisan bill on a contentious subject to the Senate.   Here is what it does. One, it lowers premiums. In 2018, where the  rates are already set, it requires the States to work with the  insurance companies and give rebates for the high premiums that have  already been set. In 2019, it will lower premiums. That is the first  thing it does and the first reason why I and many Republicans support  it.   Because the premiums are lower, it also means fewer tax dollars are  going to pay for ObamaCare subsidies. That is another reason  Republicans and conservatives like the idea of the Alexander-Murray  bill.   Another reason we like it is, because there are lower subsidies,  there is less Federal debt. The Congressional Budget Office has  examined our bill and has said that it saves money over 10 years,  nearly $4 billion.   There are other reasons we like it. It gives States flexibility in  increasing the variety and choices of the insurance policies they can  recommend. That is the biggest difference of opinion we have between  that side of the aisle and this side of the aisle. They want Washington  to write the rules; we want the States to write the rules.   We agreed to make some changes so that States can write more rules.  For example, the Iowa Senators, Mr. Grassley and Mrs. Ernst, are  cosponsors of the bill because the language in the Alexander-Murray  amendment would permit the Federal Government to approve the Iowa  waiver. Iowa has a way that it wants to use the Federal dollars to  enroll more people and to give them lower costs. It would allow New  Hampshire to use Medicaid savings to help pay for its Obama waiver.  Both the Democratic Senators and the Republican Governor of New  Hampshire have asked for that. It allows Minnesota to use a stream of  Federal funding so that it can have its own waiver. It would allow  Oklahoma, which has been waiting, to get its waiver approved.   What do we mean by ``waivers''? What this means is that States can  look at the people in their State and make their own decisions or more  of their own decisions about a variety of choices. Alaska did that  earlier. They are the only State that has been able to use the section  1332 innovation waiver, as we call it, and they were able to create a  special fund for very sick people and then to lower rates for everyone  else by 20 percent and to do 85 percent of that with Federal dollars-- no new Federal dollars, 15 percent by the States.   The reasons Republicans like the Alexander-Murray bill, the reasons  we have 12 of us on this side of the aisle cosponsoring it, along with  12 Democrats, are lower premiums, fewer tax dollars for ObamaCare  subsidies, less Federal debt, more flexibility for States, a new so- called catastrophic insurance policy so you can buy a policy with a  lower premium and a higher deductible so that a medical catastrophe  doesn't turn into a financial catastrophe. Those are all reasons to  support it.   Here is the long and short of it. The American people have healthcare  on their minds. It is certainly true in Tennessee, where the rates are  up 58 percent. It was certainly true in Virginia yesterday. It is  certainly true in Maine. I see the Senator from Maine is here, and he  has been an important part of this discussion.   The people of America say: Why don't the President, the Republicans,  and the Democrats in both bodies get together and do something about  it? I am happy to report we have. We have a bipartisan proposal. It  doesn't solve every problem, but it limits the damage. It lowers  premiums. It avoids chaos. It saves Federal tax dollars. It has the  support of a significant number of Republicans and Democrats, and it is  done at the request of the President.   I hope that when the President returns from Asia, he will go to his  desk and find a nice package there with a bow on it, presented by  Senator Murray and me, 24 of us in the U.S. Senate--Republicans and  Democrats--which does exactly what the American people, I think, want  us to do: Lower premiums, avoid chaos, work together, take a step in  the right direction, and let's see if we can help the American people  in that way.   I know the Senator from South Dakota is here, and I thank him for his  leadership on this. He, along with the Senator from Maine who is here,  Mr. King, spent a good deal of time working on this piece of  legislation, which has a lot that Democrats like and a lot that  Republicans like--so much so that we are able to recommend it in a  bipartisan way. I know he may have things that he may want to say about  the bill.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to briefly thank the Senator  from Delaware.   As the Senator from South Dakota said, this has been a very  contentious issue, but we thought that if we listened enough, we might  find a few things we could agree on. Senator Murray and I not only  involved our committee, which is a committee of 22 or 23 Senators, but  we invited anyone not on the committee to come and meet with the  witnesses--the Governors and the State insurance commissioners--for an  hour before the hearings. We had nearly 60 Senators involved in the  entire process on those 4 days. That is pretty remarkable when you have  60 Senators--more than half of whom are not on the committee of  jurisdiction--attending and participating, and that helped develop what  we did.   The person with the best attendance was Mr. Carper, the Senator from  Delaware. He is not a member of the committee, but he came to every one  of the committee meetings, and he often stayed for the hearings  themselves. I thank him for his active participation.   In boiling it all down, I think what we are trying to say is, there  is a lot we still do not agree on, but we have heard the American  people. Healthcare is on their minds. They are signing up, and those  who are in the individual market are getting sticker shock if they do  not have any government support. For the next couple of years, we have  a plan that will avoid chaos and begin to limit the growth of premiums  and, in 2019, reduce premiums. In addition to that, it will give  Americans a new plan to buy called the catastrophic plan, and it will  give many States the opportunity to use some of their own ingenuity to  create a larger variety of choices.   That is a good set of options with which to respond to the American  people who ask: Why don't the President and the Congress work together  to do something about healthcare? It does not solve all of the  problems, but it is a step in the right direction, and it is something  we can build on.   I thank the Senator from Delaware for his contribution, and I thank  the Senator from South Dakota for his.   I hope, when the President returns from Asia, that he will look at  the agreement he asked us to produce, and I hope he will support it. If  he does, I believe it will be part of the law when we go home for  Christmas.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S7102]]    