 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 37. I  am proud to join Chairwoman Foxx and Chairmen Chaffetz and Chabot as an  original cosponsor.   H.J. Res. 37 would void the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule,  commonly known as the blacklisting rule. The blacklisting rule is an  additional layer of Federal bureaucracy that crushes the ability of  small and midsize companies to compete for Federal contracts and  adversely impacts timing and efficient procurement while massively  increasing costs.   The blacklisting rule requires Federal contractors to report  violations, including alleged violations of 14 Federal labor laws and  equivalent State laws, over the previous 3 years. Contractors have to  collect that information from all of their subcontractors, and they are  liable for that information, placing a huge administrative burden on  those contractors. Also, not only when they bid for the contract, but  every 6 months, they must renew that information.   Federal contract officers--by the way, there are over 37,000 of them,  an amazing number--would then be required to consult with newly created  labor compliance advisers. Yes, it creates more bureaucrats.   The final rule, itself, estimates costs for contractors and  subcontractors of more than $458 million in the first year--a half a  billion dollars--and more than $413 million in the second year. Amazing  costs. This compliance cost is catastrophic for small and midsize  businesses.   Those who deny workers basic protections are already protected by the  suspension and debarment process. The blacklisting rule is simply  another bureaucratic hoop. In 2015, nearly 1,000 suspensions and 2,000  debarments were undertaken. Put simply, the suspension and debarment  system has worked to protect workers and government.  [[Page H911]]    Moreover, the rule requires contractors and subcontractors to report  on alleged labor law violations and violations that have not been fully  adjudicated. A business could be deemed ineligible for a Federal  contract, or blacklisted, because the contractor reported alleged labor  law violations while still exercising their legal right to pursue  adjudication. That is antithetical to our Constitution.   H.J. Res. 37 will remove a regulation that raises serious due process  concerns, duplicates existing enforcement mechanisms, increases the  cost of Federal contracting, and expands the Federal bureaucracy.   