 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  American Health Care Act, and I want to thank the chairman for his  leadership on this measure.   Mr. Speaker, I came to Washington, D.C., to make a difference. When  it comes to health care, it is readily apparent that ObamaCare does not  work for most Americans. We know for a fact, as we are standing here  today, that the current system is collapsing upon itself.   Our Nation has endured 7 long years of this mess, and today we have  the obligation and the responsibility to act. I have heard many critics  of this proposal, but I was raised to do what is right, to be a part of  the solution, and not sit idly by on my hands as a spectator and watch  Rome burn.   I came to Congress to make a difference, to find solutions to the  many issues that vex our country. I came here to reduce the size and  scope of an unwieldy government, to get government out of the way of  everyday citizens. I came here to address spending, a $20 trillion debt  in this country, to bring back free-market principles. I came here to  defend the Constitution and our founding principles, and turn power  back to the States and to the people.   All that said, every single one of these principles can be found in  this bill. The American Health Care Act reduces spending and cuts the  taxes that have strangled businesses and individuals for the last 7  years. It represents the first real entitlement reform in the 52-year  history of Medicaid. It deletes Federal mandates that rob citizens of  their individual liberty.   Mr. Speaker, this bill may not be perfect, but it is a dramatic step  in the right direction. And before I am lectured as to unsubstantiated  facts and fear tactics as to how this is going to impact my State, I  would suggest to you that 420,000 Michiganders eligible for Medicare  said ``thanks, but no thanks'' to the broken promise of affordable  health care.   And that is why, Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote for this bill, and I  would ask my colleagues to support it.   