 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for yielding the time.  It is a pleasure to continue our work together on this very important  issue.   It has taken us 6 years to get to today, the first real step in  repealing what is one of the most insidious laws that ever came out of  these Chambers--insidious because it was built on lies. Remember ``You  can keep your doctor if you want to,'' ``You can keep your plan if you  want to''? Lies. Remember when premiums were to go down because this,  of course, Mr. Chairman, was the Affordable Care Act? Lies.   The gentleman from Kentucky made some assertions just a while ago. I  want to take a look at the State of Kentucky itself. Four plans left  the ObamaCare exchange at the end of 2016 in the State of Kentucky. Of  the remaining plans, each increased their premiums by double digits:  22.9 percent, 29.3 percent, and 33.7 percent, respectively, for 2017.  And Kentucky's exchange enrollment decreased by 12 percent.   How, Mr. Chairman, is this helping people?   Look, if we didn't care about people, we could stand by and watch  this failed plan, this insidious law continue to implode, continue to  hurt people. Instead, we stand here ready to erase the foundation that  this law was based on and put forth a better one, one that doesn't  leave anyone behind, one that is based on market-driven, consumer- driven, patient-driven needs and expectations and allows them to, for  example, keep their job.   What do I mean by that, Mr. Chairman? Consider this. Not only do we  have bad healthcare outcomes as a result of this insidious law, people  are losing work. They are being robbed of their dignity to work. Since  ObamaCare, 21 percent of businesses are reducing the number of  employees, their wages and salaries and their benefits, including their  retirement benefits.   So this insidious law is not only having detrimental implications on  our health care and people's health, but it is taking away the very  dignity that they have to work.   It is also spelling the death of health savings accounts, proven over  the last several years to be part of the solution to consumer-driven  health care. The idea that you can save for your healthcare expenses,  with or without the government's help, so that you can make value  decisions as to your health care without government interference. It  leads to better patient outcomes. It leads to freedom to make  healthcare decisions absent the oversight of the government. ObamaCare  all but outlawed health savings accounts. I think  [[Page H492]]  health savings accounts are probably in every one of those different  plans the chairwoman pointed out.   So we are offering a replacement. We are offering solutions. We are  offering a better way.   