 Mr. President, we are here in the wake of yet another  senseless mass shooting. Again, we continue to watch in horror a  community torn apart and families seeking solace and comfort, loved  ones deprived of people close to them forever. We know about that  feeling in Connecticut because we had been through it in Sandy Hook  just 5 years ago, almost to the month. Next month will be the fifth  anniversary.   Every day in America in communities across this great country, there  are senseless similar acts of violence one by one, person by person.  Every day there is a mass instance of people dying of gun violence. The  danger is that this kind of incident will become a normal way of life  in America. We cannot allow ourselves to become desensitized. We cannot  lose hope that action is possible. We cannot allow ourselves to succumb  to this supposed normal. We cannot surrender to fear or complacency or  hopelessness.   Our hearts and prayers are with the brave souls who are enduring this  unspeakable grief and pain. Again, we know about it in Connecticut  because I remember well that afternoon at Sandy Hook and the days that  followed when families hoped for numbness. They hoped that the rawness  and unimaginable pain of that loss would leave. For some, it has  lessened, but it will never go away for them or for the families in  Texas or Orlando or San Bernardino or Virginia Tech. The list is a long  one, and it should include those families in Hartford, New Haven,  Stamford, Bridgeport and in other communities--not necessarily urban,  but suburban and rural--around Connecticut and around the country that  have endured this same grief.  [[Page S7052]]    Numbness is not the answer. Action is the answer--honoring those  victims by action. That honor is never too soon. That sense of grief  will never go away. As much as our hearts and prayers go out to those  families, we must also honor them with action.   Our reaction is not necessarily aimed at the last shooting or the  last death by gun violence. It should prevent the future ones. The trap  of the gun lobbyists is to say: Well, what you are proposing wouldn't  have prevented what happened last Sunday in Sutherland Springs, TX. But  we do know that 26 people might be alive today if the U.S. Air Force  had done its job. Twenty-six people might be alive today if the U.S.  Air Force had reported this conviction by court-martial of the shooter  to the NICS background system. Twenty-six people might be alive today  if the U.S. Air Force had followed the law.   There is a law that requires this reporting. It was passed in 2007.  It requires all courts and all jurisdictions to make that reporting.   The law here is also clear that the shooter never should have had  access to firearms. There are laws on the books right now specifically  designed to help prevent dangerous individuals with criminal records of  exactly this kind from getting their hands on guns, and that includes  anyone who has a domestic violence conviction in any court, including  military court.   As the author of that legislation, Frank Lautenberg, said at the  time: It is a very simple principle. Wife beaters and child abusers  should not have guns. The statistics bear out that principle now more  than they did ever before. The mix of guns and domestic violence is a  toxic one. Fifty-five percent of all homicides against women occur  during domestic violence disputes, and a woman is five times more  likely to die during a domestic violence dispute if there are guns in  the house.   The law also prohibits anyone who has been dishonorably discharged  from the military or convicted of an offense carrying a sentence of  more than 1 year from buying a firearm.   The Department of Defense has a clear legal obligation to have made  that report. By the way, that obligation includes military court  indictments as well as convictions, because they may disqualify someone  from obtaining guns.   We know today that the shooter in Sutherland Springs, TX, also was  involuntarily committed to a mental health facility after sneaking guns  onto an Air Force base and trying to kill his military superiors. That  person should never have been anywhere near a firearm, let alone having  the ability to buy one from a licensed firearm dealer, as apparently  occurred.   The Air Force's lapse is shocking and inexcusable. It is a lapse that  may have contributed to, if not directly caused, that shooting because,  otherwise, that shooter would have completely lacked access to the  firearms he used so lethally.   The American people deserve to know why the gunman's conviction was  not reported in the background check database. The American people also  deserve to know what immediate steps the Department of Defense will  take to ensure that every court-martial indictment or conviction is  reported to the FBI when they disqualify someone from accessing guns.   The American people deserve action. So I have written to the Defense  Secretary James Mattis urging him to take immediate action to ensure  that guns are prevented from falling into the wrong hands. That means  taking specific, concrete steps to identify an individual whose  convictions and court-martial disqualify them from obtaining a gun and  making sure those records are submitted to the FBI. I want to know what  system there will be for identifying those convictions.   I am also planning to introduce legislation because enforcement of  that law should be done and reemphasized and reinforced so that there  is no question in any mind of anyone in the military about their  obligation. They must ensure that people who are convicted of  disqualifying offenses in military courts are reported to the national  background check database so they are prevented from having access to  these firearms by purchasing them from licensed firearms dealers.   As of now, the background check law applies only to those licensed  dealers. We need to extend it to include all firearms sales. We need  other commonsense measures to prevent and stop gun violence, but at  least the military can be compelled to honor this obligation. I know  its heart is in the right place, and I know they will diligently reform  what they need to do largely on their own because they recognize that  obligation.   We have an obligation, as well, to enforce all of these laws more  diligently. As a law enforcement person, one who was the State attorney  general for 20 years and the U.S. attorney before then, I am proud of  the State of Connecticut for classifying domestic offenses so they can  be disqualifying under the law. Connecticut is only one of a handful-- perhaps three States--that have that disqualifying classification, so  the States need to do better as well.   The simple, commonsense fixes to help enforce laws that are already  on the books to keep America safe will enable the law to be real and  effective. If it is unenforced, it is dead letter. It must be enforced.  We need better enforcement, and we also need better laws.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join in this  effort, and I hope this new legislation will be bipartisan, just as we  grieve together regardless of party.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   