 Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the  Honorable Elaine Chao to serve as the next Secretary of Transportation.  She has proven she has the experience and the drive to help her  accomplish President Trump's goals to address our nation's  infrastructure needs heads on. I have known Elaine for many decades as  a dedicated civil servant and a talented negotiator and have no doubt  she will again prove to be a highly effective asset to the Executive  branch. Elaine Chao was born in Taiwan and, at the age of 8, came with  her family to America by cargo ship where, at the age of 19, she became  a U.S. citizen.  [[Page S503]]  From those humble beginnings, she went on to receive degrees from Mount  Holyoke College in Massachusetts and Harvard Business School.   Elaine Chao began her executive career at the U.S. Department of  Transportation in 1986, as Deputy Administrator of the Maritime  Administration, then as Deputy Secretary from 1989 to 1991. She served  as the Director of the Peace Corps, in 1991, where she brought the  Peace Corp programs to the liberated countries of Latvia, Estonia, and  Lithuania; and as president and CEO of the United Way of America where  she helped restore fiscal responsibility to an organization that had  been damaged by mismanagement.   In 2001, she become the 24th U.S. Secretary of Labor, the first Asian  Pacific American woman to be appointed to the President's cabinet in  American history, in President George W. Bush's cabinet. During her 8- year tenure at the Department of Labor Department, she proved she has  the skills to manage large multifaceted organizations as well as to  initiate needed reforms and new programs that help create jobs and  competiveness in the workforce. Quite frankly, she was the best  Secretary of Labor the United States has ever had.   During her tenure, the Department updated the white collar overtime  regulations under the Fair Labor Standards Act, which has been on the  agenda of every administration since 1977. The most significant  regulatory tort reform of President Bush's first term, the new  regulations provided millions of low-wage vulnerable workers with  strengthened overtime protection.   In 2003, under her leadership, the Department achieved the first  major update of union financial disclosure regulations in more than 40  years, giving rank and file members enhanced information on how their  hard-earned dues are spent. The Department set new worker protection  enforcement records, including recovering record back wages for  vulnerable low-wage immigrant workers. The Department also launched  comprehensive reform of the Nation's publicly funded worker training  programs, to better serve dislocated and unemployed workers.   I have complete confidence in her abilities and look forward to  working with her in her new capacity as the 18th U.S. Secretary of  Transportation.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I support the nomination of Elaine  Chao to be Secretary of Transportation.   Ms. Chao has proven a capable manager. She has served in several  administrations, including as Secretary of Labor and Deputy Secretary  of Transportation. Her experience will serve the Transportation  Department and the Cabinet well.   At the Department of Transportation, Ms. Chao will be responsible for  implementing one of President Trump's most ambitious agenda items--a  massive investment in infrastructure. During the campaign, Mr. Trump  proposed to invest $1 trillion to rebuild infrastructure over the next  decade. And on November 9, 2016, President-Elect Trump said, ``We are  going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges,  tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our  infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we  will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.''   While we have received few details on the plan, I hope that Ms. Chao  will work closely with Congress to identify needs within our States and  invest broadly in roads, bridges, airports, rail, and transit. While I  believe that public-private partnerships can be one avenue to drive  transportation projects, we cannot rely on them to be the backbone of a  transportation plan, as many communities would struggle to assemble the  financing necessary to make such projects viable.   Our Nation's public infrastructure has historically been a bipartisan  priority. It must remain so.   I appreciate Ms. Chao's commitment during her hearing to enforce the  Davis-Bacon Act's requirement to pay fair wages to ensure that our  Nation's construction jobs can sustain workers and their families.  Commendably, Ms. Chao also emphasized her dedication to safety.   Maryland has a number of critical transportation priorities,  including the Port of Baltimore, the MARC commuter rail, and  increasingly congested highways like I-270 and I-81. We have also  worked closely with the Federal Transit Administration on safety  improvements to the Washington Metro, our Nation's subway, and have  pushed for the creation of the Purple Line. I look forward to working  with Secretary Chao to build a 21st century, multimodal transportation  system that works for all of my constituents in Maryland.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Dakota.   