 Mr. Speaker, in my role as a member of the House  Committee on the Judiciary, I have always taken a serious view of my  oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigations. It is vitally  important that we keep a close watch on the activities of law  enforcement, especially regarding their operations in domestic  intelligence gathering. In the wake of September 11th attacks, a time  of crisis when civil liberties can be viewed as a luxury, it was  important to ensure that all Americans could rely on the Constitution  to both protect our rights and protect public safety.   As we all know, the FBI has a long, troubling history of using its  broad investigatory powers to vulnerable or dissenting groups in our  society. As a long-serving member, I was here in Congress when the  reports of the FBI's surveillance activities against African-American  groups involved in the struggle for civil rights first surfaced in the  press.   Centralized operations under COINTELPRO officially began in August  1956 with a program designed to ``increase factionalism, cause  disruption and win defections'' inside American Communist Party.  Tactics included anonymous phone calls, IRS audits, and the creation of  documents that would divide the American communist organization  internally. An October 1956 memo from Hoover reclassified the FBI's  ongoing surveillance of black leaders, including it within COINTELPRO,  with the justification that the movement was infiltrated by communists.   In 1956, Hoover sent an open letter denouncing Dr. T.R.M. Howard, a  civil rights leader, surgeon, and wealthy entrepreneur in Mississippi  who had criticized FBI inaction in solving recent murders of George W.  Lee, Emmett Till, and other black people in the South. When the  Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), was founded in 1957,  the FBI began to monitor and target the group almost immediately,  focusing particularly on Bayard Rustin, Stanley Levison, and,  eventually, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. During the 1960's Director J.  Edgar Hoover also used COINTELPRO to spy on and attempt to discredit  civil rights activists and members of the Black Panther Party.   After the 1963 March on Washington, Hoover singled out King as a  major target for COINTELPRO. Soon after, the FBI was systematically  bugging King's home and his hotel rooms, as they were now aware that  King was growing in stature daily as the leader among leaders of the  Civil Rights Movement. Amidst the urban unrest of July-August 1967, the  FBI began ``COINTELPRO--BLACK HATE'', which focused on King and the  SCLC as well as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC),  the Revolutionary Action Movement (RAM), the Deacons for Defense and  Justice, Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), and the Nation of Islam.  BLACK HATE established the so-called Ghetto Informant Program and  instructed 23 FBI offices to ``disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or  otherwise neutralize the activities of black-nationalist hate type  organizations.''   The program was successfully kept secret until 1971, when the  Citizens' Commission to Investigate the FBI burgled an FBI field office  in Media, Pennsylvania, took several dossiers, and exposed the program  by passing this material to news agencies. In 1976, the ``Church  Committee'' (Sen. Frank Church-Idaho) launched a major investigation of  the FBI and COINTELPRO. Journalists and historians speculate that the  government has not fully released the many dossiers and documents  related to the program.   Against this backdrop, the Congressional Black Caucus is justified in  its concern about the FBI's investigation of African-American political  organizations. The coining of the phrase ``Black Identity Extremists''  and claims with ``high confidence'' that these groups are likely to  target law enforcement based on ``perceptions of police brutality  against African Americans'' takes us back to claims about groups like  the Black Panthers in the 1960's.   While it is important that the FBI monitor all threats domestic, its  activities around the American Muslim community and efforts to ``combat  violent extremism'' have raised questions about tactics and  constitutional norms. The CBC has called for an FBI briefing on the  origins on this research and the Bureau's intended next steps. I have  supported this request in my role as Ranking Member on the Judiciary  Committee and intend to keep a close eye on the Bureau's activities.  This is not the time for a COINTELPRO 2.0 in America.   