 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for  yielding. I appreciate all his time and effort he is putting into  bringing attention to this vital issue. It is an honor to join him this  evening as we highlight the imminent need to pass a full  reauthorization of the Children's Health Insurance Program.   Now, I represent the great State of Rhode Island, a State with over  27,000 children and pregnant women at risk of losing healthcare if CHIP  is not fully funded. It is deeply troubling to me and many of my  constituents, my colleagues in government; and we fought hard over the  years to make sure that we did better by our young people, by the most  vulnerable, and by pregnant women in making sure that they had the  healthcare coverage that they desperately need and deserve.   Now, in Rhode Island, the lack of a reauthorization endangers $26  million in Federal funds that support this vulnerable population, many  of whom will not otherwise have comprehensive coverage. This is  particularly frustrating because congressional Republicans knew that  CHIP funding would expire on September 30. They had ample time to fix  this problem in a bipartisan way and have chosen not to.   Instead of proactively crafting legislation to ensure 9 million low- income children and families maintain access to affordable, high- quality healthcare, Republicans focused their efforts on gutting the  Affordable Care Act to the exclusion of everything else.   Now, in the service of their political priority to eliminate coverage  for 23 million, they are passing on an opportunity to govern on  multiple healthcare fronts. Rather than work to find meaningful  bipartisan solutions, Republicans still seek ways of systematically  unraveling ACA protections and have only offered untenable options to  offset the cost of CHIP. That is no way to govern responsibly or to  even remotely do it in a bipartisan way, which they could do.    Now, their plan to pay for healthcare for one population by stripping  access to healthcare from another is wrong. This approach of robbing  Peter to pay Paul does nothing to build a foundation for a healthier  future, nor does it protect the communities with sufficient healthcare  access today.   Proposing to slash the ACA's Prevention and Public Health Fund and  creating a greater financial burden on seniors by suggesting  destructive Medicare changes are not acceptable ways to bring Democrats  to the table and pass a CHIP reauthorization with bipartisan support.  Which, by the way, I am sure my colleagues have mentioned as they were  speaking tonight, when CHIP was first authorized, it was done  collaboratively in a bipartisan way at a contentious time in Congress,  back when it was first enacted. But they found a way to do the right  thing for vulnerable individuals, particularly our children, and we  need to come together again.   We have a responsibility to move quickly, to ensure our children  continue to have access to high-quality, affordable coverage. States  like Rhode Island deserve to know that we will support the efforts to  provide for the children in the State. The health professionals who  treat these children deserve more certainty. Most importantly, the  children who benefit from CHIP deserve much better than to be  threatened with coverage termination because my colleagues in the  majority can't set aside their political ambitions and goals.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to again thank my colleague for raising an  alarm bell on this issue, calling attention and focusing the American  people on the need to reauthorize CHIP.   We take great pride in Rhode Island that over the years we have built  a very strong program to cover vulnerable children and pregnant women.  We have been leaders in the country in having a very low rate of  uninsured. Going back even before the ACA was enacted, we had a model  program with our Rite Care and Rite Share program. There were hard- fought battles that moved the ball forward for providing better and  more responsible health coverage for the people who need it and deserve  it the most.   We need to come together now in a bipartisan way to make sure that  CHIP is reauthorized. We cannot let this program fail. We cannot fail  our children, our most vulnerable populations. We can come together in  a bipartisan way. Democrats stand ready to do just that, come together  in a bipartisan way to reauthorize CHIP, just as it had been authorized  in a bipartisan way when it was first created.   Now, I know that there are many of my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle who care as passionately about covering low-income children,  providing affordable healthcare, doing the right thing by our children,  and I look forward to reaching out across the aisle to do just that.  Let's do this in a bipartisan way. Let's do the right thing and put  partisan politics aside and cover our children.  [[Page H7968]]    Mr. Speaker, I thank again Mr. O'Halleran for his leadership on this  vital issue, and I look forward to continuing to work with him as we  reauthorize CHIP, hopefully in the very near future. Again, we got to  do this together.   