 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the  FY18 National Defense Authorization Act, but I continue to be surprised  at some of the national security pundits who believe that a diminished  force structure will improve our national security.   Some have questioned whether we should fully fund national defense.  Some have even questioned whether we should continue to expand our  armed services to meet the strategic challenges posed by a rising China  and Russia, by an unpredictable North Korea, and a belligerent Iran.   Mr. Chairman, our time is up. The time of action is now. The focus of  our Nation is upon us to provide for our national security. I am  pleased that we appear to have turned the tide in properly resourcing  the requirements of our armed services; and I am pleased that we are  authorizing the funding to match our strategy and providing what our  combatant commanders need to win any future conflicts; and I am pleased  that we have acknowledged the importance of our servicemembers and the  hardships that they endure so that we can enjoy our free and democratic  society.  [[Page H5538]]    In reference to the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I  believe that we have reversed a trend toward a diminishing Navy and are  tracking toward a strengthened 355-ship fleet. The bill expands on the  eight ships requested by the administration and adds an additional five  ships. The bill also recommends additional advance procurement for  aircraft carriers and attack submarines, while fully funding the  Columbia class ballistic missile submarine and the B-21 raider bomber  programs.   As to aircraft, the bill recommends an expansion of KC-46As, C-130Js,  E-2Ds, and P-8s. Finally, the bill delivers the right authorities that  will save the Department of Defense billions--yes, billions--of  dollars.   Additionally, I want to recognize Ranking Member Joe Courtney. He has  done extraordinary work and has been a true partner in this journey and  continues to work in a collaborative, bipartisan basis, to deliver the  best for our national security.   I continue to be impressed with the results that can be achieved when  a subcommittee and the full committee focuses on a common goal and  works to achieve bipartisan results.   I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization  Act for Fiscal Year 2018.   