 Mr. President, I will be brief. I also want to make sure  I don't take advantage of the personal privilege I have as a United  States Senator, but I am going to anyway.   I want Senator Coons from Delaware to pause for just a second.   I want to thank every Member of the Senate, Republican and Democrat,  and the staff of the Senate for the many kindnesses they have extended  to me in the last 4 months during my injury and my recovery. I am on  the way back home, in large measure, because of the support of the  Members of the United States Senate. I am very grateful for that and  the staff who have allowed that to take place. I say thank you very  much.   Notwithstanding what your politics are or what your partisanship is  or anything else, this is a great institution and a great body because  it is made up of great people.   To that end, my friend Senator Coons from Delaware made an excellent  speech, which I am going to adopt as my speech, since I don't have the  strength to stand as long as I would like to, to talk about an issue so  important. We do need to open all our minds and our hearts in the days  ahead to make sure we know what direction we are going as Members of  the Senate, regardless of our party and notwithstanding our  partisanship.   Neil Gorsuch, from everything I have seen--and I probably have seen  more than anybody because I have been watching it on TV while I have  been recovering. You guys have had to do it in debate. I have seen the  real thing.   His record, his testimony, the way he presented himself, the way  Senator Grassley and Senator Feinstein allowed that hearing to go  forth, I know we have a good man as a nominee to be a Supreme Court  Justice of the United States, but the issues and the divide on the  cloture, on a simple majority, and the rule change of 2013, and what  has happened in the past, now has us in a position where we slowly but  surely are moving to be a body that is another House of  Representatives, not the United States Senate.   The majority rule is a great philosophy. The majority winning is  always a great philosophy, but I used to have a teacher who taught me.  She said: If four equals the majority, three equals zero, but you  always need to listen to the other three because sometimes they may be  right. I think that is a good lesson for us today, and that was a  grammar school teacher.   If there are seven voting members, four does equal the majority, but  three doesn't equal zero because the rest still count.   As we move forward in the days ahead and judge other issues, whether  they be partisan issues in terms of regular debate and general  legislation, whether it be issues over the confirmation of judges or  Secretaries or whatever it may be, let's be thoughtful, so that, not as  a criticism of the House, but as a compliment to our Founding Fathers,  we don't become a second House and later a unicameral body, majority  rule and mob rule, and eventually waive rules, where passions overrule  common sense and all of a sudden you find yourself digging your way out  of a hole that you have created, rather than building the dreams you  have always wanted to do.   I commend the leadership of both parties for exercising their  political and partisan desires. I commend each Member for being here to  take part in this debate today and being a part of it. That is what  America is all about.   Somewhere down the line, there is going to be something that is going  to happen that is going to cause a resurrection of the debate that we  have had today and another road to cross on which way we go in the  future. The more we move away from a Senate that is a deliberative  body, that is a dignified body, to a body that makes sure it knows  where it is going before it moves forward, we won't be better off. If  we move toward a body that is a rubberstamp of the House or a  unicameral government of legislation, we will never be the United  States of America our Founding Fathers intended us to be. That is what  I believe, and that is what I think the end of this will be.   To all our Members, I compliment them on everything they have had to  say and have done.   Judge Gorsuch, I am so proud to have someone like that who will  hopefully serve on the bench of the U.S. Supreme Court with  distinction.   To all of us, our job is not finished. I look forward to being here  and being a part of it.   I yield the floor.   