 Mr. President, I want to talk a few minutes about the  challenges so many of our Cabinet members face trying to restore our  infrastructure, to maintain our park system, and to create the public- private partnerships the President mentioned earlier this week in his  vision for infrastructure reform.   Certainly Governor Perry, whose nomination we are debating right now,  will have many opportunities in Energy to do that, in the research  components of Energy and the partnership components that can be there.   We just confirmed a new Secretary of Interior, Ryan Zinke. One of our  great assets as a nation is the Federal park system. We are now  entering the second hundred years of that Federal park system, and that  second hundred years is going to be defined by partnerships in ways the  first hundred years weren't.   The park system is a great way to enjoy the blessings we have and the  rich geography, the scenic beauty--some of these parks really reflect  the great challenges people faced as they settled the country--and also  there are historic parks that reflect the history. Sometimes our parks  do both of those things.   I think all of my colleagues are aware of the Gateway Arch in St.  Louis, one of the most visited national parks, the Jefferson National  Expansion Memorial there celebrating President Jefferson, celebrating  the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, and really celebrating that long  movement as people moved west--eventually really west and really  northwest, Mr. President, where you live in Alaska. But the Gateway  Arch is visited often. It opened in 1967, and so now we are 50 years  into that particular part of our system. The original park itself  needed a lot of restoration, but 50 years later, you look at that park  and you look at how it has been used and decide how it could be better  used.   What most of my colleagues probably aren't aware of is that right  now, it is the biggest investment the National Park Service is making  in the system at this moment, trying to connect the Gateway Arch to the  Old Courthouse in St. Louis, the Federal courthouse where the Dred  Scott case was tried--they are trying to connect that park to  [[Page S1553]]  the rest of the city in ways that--when it was built, it was separated  by an interstate highway, so you would go see the park, but you  wouldn't get to the rest of the national park side there very often.   Rethinking that is important, but what is maybe even more important  is this is the biggest park project in the history of the country where  private donors provided more of the money than the government did. This  is not easily done. If for 100 years you have been doing something one  way, it is not easy to immediately begin to say: We are going to do it  another way from now on.   If you are in charge, like Secretary Jewell was put in charge of this  project--and by the way, I think she has done a good job, as has her  regional director, understanding that if you are going to do things  differently, they have to be different.   It would be great if the city and private donors--the city even voted  a tax just for this project, to provide millions of dollars that the  project would be spending. Of course, I think initially the Park  Service would think: Isn't that great? We now get this money from  private donors, and we now get this money from a city tax, in addition  to a portion of the money we are still getting appropriated by the  Congress, and we will just spend it the way we have always spent it, as  if we had no partners. But that didn't work out very well at all. The  partners in the project actually wanted to be partners in the project.   As we look at the next hundred years of this great National Park  System, I think we have to understand that for that to work and for  that to work in a new way, we have to treat it differently. We are  seeing that in St. Louis. We are seeing the three different groups come  together in ways that have provided the funding. But, frankly, they  also need to be at the table when you talk about how you are going to  spend the funding.   We changed the law in Congress just a couple of years ago so that  private money, if it is being held by the Federal Government, as it has  been on that project, if there is any interest to be earned, if there  is any benefit from that money, it also goes to the project rather than  going into general revenue.   The goal here would be to do everything we can, if we are going to  have a different park system for the next hundred years, to really  encourage the next group of people to step up and say: We want to  provide--as in the case in St. Louis, MO--more than half of the money,  but we would like to have some input on how that is going to be used  and how this is going to meet the needs of the community.   But also everybody who visits there, as they connect with the  community uniquely in that St. Louis park--Missouri has a great park  system. I think we are rated as one of the top four park systems in the  country, our State system. In fact, right now we are looking at one of  those State parks at Ste. Genevieve, which was a part of our State that  was first settled by French settlers. The number of buildings there  dating right back to the turn of the 19th century--1801, 1804--is  reflective of how French settlers built buildings, which is different  from how other settlers did.   There is a lot to learn about how we come together as a people in so  many of our parks, as well. So when Secretary Zinke takes that job, one  of the new opportunities is to build on what is already started in  places like St. Louis and figure out how we can have those kinds of  partnerships when the President talks about infrastructure expansion  and how we are going to look for new ways to do that. As you look at  new ways to do that, you have to really be willing to think of how you  approach this in a way that encourages partners to be part of it.   Clearly, infrastructure--one of the great benefits of where we are  located is where we are located. We have an ocean on two sides. We have  a river that runs up the middle of the country, that connects the  country in unique ways to all the water travel of the world. We have  these coasts on each side that are beneficial to this if we connect  ourselves in the right ways.   So the President's view that the road system, the airport system, the  port system all need to work in a way that links us up to be better  competitors and links us up in a way that allows us to create economic  opportunities and better jobs for families is important.   So that kind of partnership, the partnership the park system is in--I  think we are seeing the mold established, the model established for how  that would work in St. Louis right now at the Arch. In the next couple  of years, that project will be completed. It will be different than it  was 50 years ago because people want to see things differently than  they did 50 years ago.   With Secretary Perry, who should be confirmed today--I think clearly  will be confirmed today--his opportunities at Energy to look for  partners who add to what we can do there in ways we haven't thought of  before--just like we use research money now, take that research money  in health research and research money in ag research to bring other  people into this discussion that creates opportunities for who we can  be.   As we move slowly and in a way that has really made it difficult to  take advantage of this new administration, we are apparently going to  be able to confirm two nominees to the Cabinet today. But we are still  way behind, by any measure, the history of the country in working with  a new administration to let them take responsibility. There are going  to be 500, 1,000 nominees--I think there are about 1,000 Deputy  Secretaries and Under Secretaries who come once we are done with the  Cabinet. I hope we can all find a way to get this done, with an  understanding that whether or not you agree with the election, the  election was held and the new administration has the responsibility for  government. It is the job of the Senate and the Senate alone to be sure  that those Cabinet officers and the people who support those Cabinet  officers and departments are put in place early, as well.   Looking at the park system, looking at partnership, and looking at  how important it is that we are willing to do things in a different way  is something we ought to be thinking about in this week that we confirm  the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Interior, and, later today,  the Secretary of Energy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   