 Mr. President, pending before the Senate is the nomination  of Rachel Brand to be the Associate Attorney General of the United  States--the United States, not of the President.   We once had an Attorney General who told us on the Judiciary  Committee that as a member of the President's staff, it is not the  Secretary of Justice; it is the Attorney General of the United States.   I say this because her nomination to the third most senior position  at the Department of Justice comes at an unprecedented time of chaos  and upheaval--not only at the Justice Department, but also at the White  House, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and across much of this  administration.   We should all agree that it is more important than ever that the  Justice Department be led by public servants with independence and  integrity. Unfortunately, President Trump's Attorney General and Deputy  Attorney General have failed this test. I did not expect Attorney  General Sessions to show independence from the President, which is why  I voted against his nomination.   But I had higher hopes for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.  Mr. Rosenstein's role in the dismissal of FBI Director Comey and his  willingness to provide pretext for President Trump's interference in  the Bureau's ongoing Russia investigation has precipitated a crisis of  confidence in the Department.   The Senate must take steps to restore the independence of the  Department of Justice. After reviewing her record and hearing her  testimony at her confirmation hearing, I am not confident that Rachel  Brand is up to that task. Like so many of the President's nominees, she  carries a heavily skewed, pro-corporate agenda that would do further  harm to the Justice Department and its independence.   Ms. Brand has long championed deregulation and the rolling back of  vital environmental, consumer, and labor regulations protecting the  American people. Ms. Brand has justified indiscriminate surveillance of  Americans and defended broad assertions of Executive power. She even  refused to say whether she would recuse herself from matters involving  the Chamber of Commerce and the Chamber Litigation Center, her current  employer. I cannot support a nominee who lacks an independent voice. I  will therefore vote against her nomination.    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.   