 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I also want to thank the Appropriations chair from New Jersey and the  staff, and also the ranking young lady from New York and the staff for  being a bipartisan committee. The Appropriations Committee has been  bipartisan.   While this bill before us is a step toward getting the job done of  passing the appropriations bill before the end of the fiscal year, we  know this is only the first step. We still have a lot more work to do.   I regret that the rule that we will take up tomorrow will likely  include $1.6 billion for a wall. We who live on the border, we  understand and we believe in border security, border security that is  strong, sensible, common sense, and effective for the border. The wall  is a 14th century solution to a 21st century challenge that we have.   The border wall is not the right solution for border security. Why?   Number one, private property rights. We believe in private property  rights. In fact, there are some people that, for generations, have  owned land along the border. I have several veterans that own land. In  fact, there is one veteran in particular that buried his father--his  father who served in World War II--and his family right along the  riverbank. So if you put a wall, what is he going to do? Once you put  the wall, how is he going to go visit the cemetery, the family cemetery  along the border?  [[Page H6370]]    What about cattle, livestock? How are they going to have access to  water along the river?   Number two, we have natural barriers along the Texas border. We have  the rivers. You can see how the river snakes around. And what about the  cliffs? Are you going to put a wall on top of this cliff? It just  doesn't make sense.   Number three, what about taxpayers' dollars? Mexico is not going to  pay for this wall. We know that the American taxpayer is going to pay  for this, $1.6 billion for 74 miles out of the 1,954 miles that we  have. That is $21.2 million per mile for this wall, compared to $1  million of technology we wanted to put, technology cameras, sensors,  aerostats for border security.   And, oh, by the way, so $1.6 billion; all I need is $100, buy myself  a good ladder, and we will take care of that wall. So, again, we have  got to be smart about border security.   Number four, environmental concerns, we have concerns with regard to  wildlife refuges.   What about the 40 percent out of the 11 million people that we have  here who did visa overstays?   So you can put the biggest wall, but people are going to fly, are  going to drive across the bridge, are going to get a boat into Houston  and just stay over their time.   What about a cap analysis so we know what are the real needs that we  have? That is number six.   What about number seven, Mexico is an ally? It is not an enemy. Every  day we have $1.3 billion of trade with our friends to the south--every  day, 1.3. That is over $1 million of trade every single minute, 6  million American jobs that we have because of the trade that we have  with our friends to the south.   We need strong, commonsense border security, and I know this because  I live on the border. I drink the water. I breathe the air. I  understand this very well.   The border area is very safe. Use FBI stats. The murder rate in my  hometown of Laredo is three murders per 100,000. Here in Washington,  D.C., it is 24.5 murders per 100,000. So if you want to talk about  dangerous, when I leave the border to fly over to Washington, this is  the most dangerous thing about my job.   So the wall is a 14th century solution to a 21st century problem. I  ask you to vote ``no'' on the border wall.   Again, I want to thank the Appropriations Committee for being  bipartisan. This is only the first step.   