 Mr. President, first of all, I want to return the  sentiments of Senator Shaheen. There was so much written and talked  about today in the meeting about the poisoned atmosphere and the lack  of bipartisanship, but I can tell my colleagues that working with  Senator Shaheen on the Small Business Committee has been an honor and a  privilege, and it certainly has been anything but troublesome. We work  together closely. Both of us having been Governors, we understand how  important small businesses are to our States--in fact, to all the  States.   With that, I would like to take a few minutes, with the concurrence  of the ranking member, to honor America's small businesses and their  owners and the impact they have on our economy and our communities and  the vital role small businesses play in America today.   America's small businesses are truly the engine that keeps our  economy running. They create two out of every three jobs in America.  Let me say that again. Small businesses create two out of every three  new jobs that are created in America today. Our Committee on Small  Business and Entrepreneurship knows that Congress has a responsibility  to help this engine roar by getting the government out of the way of  our Nation's small businesses and thus providing small businesses with  the opportunity to do what they have done to make this the greatest  country in the world for the last 240 years.   We know that small businesses are vital to our economy, employing  nearly half the American workforce and making up 99.7 percent of all  employers in this country. It is because small businesses are so  important to our economy that Washington needs to do all we can for  businesses to start and, more importantly, to survive and grow.   We have seen a steady and well-documented decline in startups and a  persistently low GDP over the past decade. Despite this, small  businesses' optimism has hit record-high levels in recent months. Small  business owners are more confident than ever. National Small Business  Week--this week--is a fitting time to not only celebrate our Nation's  small businesses but also to assure them that greater relief is coming.   Congress and the new administration are working hand in hand to undo  the regulatory burden that has been hampering small business growth. It  is no secret that the excessive regulatory burdens our Nation's  entrepreneurs face places them at a disadvantage. We hear this every  day from our position on the Small Business Committee. When asked what  the biggest challenge they face is, it is almost always the regulatory  burdens they are operating under.   America's small business owners want to comply with a reasonable and  appropriate regulatory structure; however, the time and money they  spend complying with layers of regulations from a myriad of agencies  hampers their ability to focus on what truly matters, and that, of  course, is running their business.   My Senate colleagues and I will continue to work with the  administration on rolling back regulations that don't make sense. We  will take a closer look at other issues facing the diverse small  business community. Just last week, Senator Shaheen and I held a  hearing on the many challenges that exist for rural entrepreneurs. As  it turns out, these challenges are not much different from those that  exist for entrepreneurs in more populous areas, except the challenges  are amplified for business owners who operate without broadband  internet or a traditional storefront on Main Street.   The shared challenges amongst most entrepreneurs, such as access to  capital, trade opportunities, and cyber security threats, among others,  are at the forefront of the minds of those of us in Congress who are  committed to delivering the relief small business owners have been  waiting for.   Despite these challenges, America's 28 million small business owners  and their employees set out every day to pursue their dreams and  contribute to their communities. Their entrepreneurial spirit is  nothing short of inspiring.   I want to give an example from Idaho--in fact, more than one example  from Idaho--but I yield to Senator Shaheen at this moment for her  comments and perhaps to tell us a little bit about what she took away  from the meeting we recently had on rural small businesses.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Shaheen.   We do, and I want to tell a story of an example of the inspiring  spirit small businesses bring to us. This is the story of a small  family business in Idaho Falls, ID, called Fin Fun. It began when its  founder, Karen Browning, was asked to make a mermaid costume for her  granddaughter. That doesn't sound like a very ostentatious beginning,  but it was the beginning. This simple request was the catalyst of a  much larger operation that experienced over a 3,000-percent growth over  a 3-year period, now employing 75 full- and part-time employees in  Eastern Idaho. The Browning family contributes greatly to the community  and makes all of us in Idaho proud with their continued success, having  been named by the SBA as Idaho's Small Business of the Year.  [[Page S2709]]    Stories like Fin Fun underscore the optimism that can be found in all  corners of our country as small business owners everywhere take the  large leap into the American dream.   I ask all Senators to join me this week in supporting and thanking  the small businesses in our home States all across America. Senator  Shaheen and I, of course, as part of the jurisdiction of our committee,  have oversight responsibilities with the SBA. I have been very  impressed over the years as to the focus of the SBA on small  businesses.   One of the things I think Senator Shaheen shares with me is  supporting an increase in the Office of Advocacy. We all know the  Federal Government passes regulations at a stunning rate, which most  people really don't completely understand. But the job of the Office of  Advocacy is to act as an independent voice for small businesses when  the Federal Government actually proposes a regulation. The Office of  Advocacy is supposed to stand up and say: Wait a minute. Let me tell  you how this is going to affect small businesses.   We all know that if the Federal Government, in any one of the  agencies, enacts a regulation, it does affect businesses of different  sizes differently. Indeed, if it is a large business, they generally  have an army of lawyers, compliance officers, and accountants who can  deal with the regulations relatively easily and absorb the cost. On the  other hand, if it is a one-, two-, or three-person business, just  filling out the forms the agencies require is sometimes a real burden.  It is important that this Office of Advocacy in the SBA be encouraged,  be expanded where possible, and be a real, true independent voice for  small business in America. And I know Senator Shaheen shares my  enthusiasm for continuing to support that enterprise within the SBA. I  am always happy to work with any of my colleagues to make it easier for  Americans to start and grow a business.   Happy National Small Business Week, and thank you to our Nation's  entrepreneurs and small business owners who are the real backbone of  our Nation and our economy.   I yield to Senator Shaheen.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.    Likewise.   