 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss S. 84, a bill that  would provide a one-time exception from the longstanding law that  requires a member of the military to be retired from the armed services  for at least 7 years before being appointed as Secretary of Defense. We  are considering this legislation today because the President-elect's  nominee for Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis, has only been  retired from the U.S. Marine Corps for 3 years.    In considering the unique situation presented by this nomination,  this week the Armed Services Committee held two hearings. The first  hearing, on Tuesday, had a panel of two excellent outside witnesses who  discussed the history of the retirement restriction law and the  benefits and challenges of legislating an exception to that law. Then,  this morning, the committee held a nomination hearing with General  Mattis and examined his views on a wide range of defense challenges  facing our country and the Defense Department.   General Mattis has a long and distinguished military career, and he  is recognized by his peers as a thoughtful and strategic thinker.  However, since its passage in 1947, the statutory requirement designed  to protect civilian control of the Armed Forces has only been waived  one other time. Therefore, I believe it is extremely important that we  carefully consider the consequences of setting aside the law and the  implications such a decision may have on the future of civilian and  military relations.   Civilian control of the military is enshrined in our Constitution and  dates back to George Washington and the Revolutionary War. This  principle has distinguished our Nation from many other countries around  the world, and it has helped ensure that our democracy remains in the  hands of the people.   The National Security Act of 1947, which established the Department  of Defense, included a provision prohibiting any individual ``within  ten years'' of ``active duty as a commissioned officer in a regular  component of the armed services'' from being appointed as the Secretary  of Defense. However, in 1950, President Harry Truman nominated former  Secretary of State and former Chief of Staff of the United States Army  General George Marshall to serve as the Secretary of Defense, thus  causing Congress to pass an exception to the statute.   While Congress ultimately waived the restriction for General  Marshall, the law included a nonbinding section that stated: ``It is  hereby expressed as the intent of the Congress that the authority  granted by this Act is not to be construed as approval by the Congress  of the continuing appointments of military men to the office of  Secretary of Defense in the future. It is hereby expressed as the sense  of the Congress that after General Marshall leaves the office of the  Secretary of Defense, no additional appointments of military men to  that office shall be approved.''   Nearly 70 years later, Congress again must make a determination if an  exception should be made in the case of General Mattis. Let me remind  my colleagues why making this change is so significant. During our  committee hearings, Dr. Kathleen Hicks astutely noted: ``The Defense  Secretary position is unique in our system. Other than the President  acting as commander in chief, the Secretary of Defense is the only  civilian official in the operational chain of command to the Armed  Forces. Unlike the President, however, he or she is not an elected  official.''   As I stated during the committee's consideration of the waiver  legislation, we must be very cautious about any actions, including this  legislation, that may inadvertently politicize our Armed Forces. During  this past Presidential election cycle, both Democrats and Republicans  came dangerously close to compromising the nonpartisan nature of our  military with the nominating convention speeches from recently retired  general officers advocating for a candidate for President.   I am also concerned about providing a waiver for General Mattis in  light of the fact that he will join other recently retired senior  military officers who have been selected for high-ranking national  security positions in the Trump Administration. Throughout our Nation's  history, retired general officers have often held positions at the  highest levels of government as civilians. In fact, a few have even  been elected President.   What concerns me, however, is the total number of retired senior  military officers chosen by the President-elect to lead organizations  critical to our national security and the cumulative affect it may have  on our overall national security policy. Specifically, there may be  unintended consequences having so many senior leaders with similar  military backgrounds crafting policy and making decisions as weighty as  those facing the next administration.   In the course of our review of General Mattis' nomination, the reason  most often cited in support of a waiver allowing him to serve is that a  retired four-star general known for his war-fighting skills and  strategic judgment to lead the Department of Defense will  counterbalance the President-elect's lack of defense and foreign policy  experience. As Tom Ricks wrote recently in The New York  Times: ``Usually I'd oppose having a general as Secretary of Defense,  because it could undermine our tradition of civilian control of the  military. But these are not normal times.''    Likewise, Dr. Eliot Cohen testified before the Senate Armed Services  Committee earlier this week, and he argued that if it weren't for his  deep concern about the Trump Administration, he would oppose the waiver  for General Mattis. Specifically, he stated: ``There is no question in  my mind that a Secretary Mattis would be a stabilizing and moderating  force . . . and over time, helping to steer American foreign and  security policy in a sound and sensible direction.''   If Congress provides an exception for General Mattis, we must be  mindful of the precedent that action sets for such waivers in the  future. The restriction was enacted into law for good reason, and  General George Marshall is the only retired military officer to receive  this exception.   Based on General Mattis' testimony this morning, as well as his  decades of distinguished service in the U.S. Marine Corps, and weighing  all of the other factors, I will support a waiver for him to serve as  Secretary of Defense. General Mattis testified to the fact that the  role of Congress does not end with the passage of this legislation. As  Dr. Hicks stated, ``The United States Congress, the nation's statutes  and courts, the professionalism of our Armed Forces, and the will of  the people are critical safeguards against any perceived attempts to  fundamentally alter the quality of civilian control of the military in  this country.''   Any of us who support this bill have a profound duty to ensure that  the Department of Defense and its leaders,  [[Page S305]]  both civilian and military, are following and protecting the principles  upon which this country is founded.   Let me be very clear. I will not support a waiver for any future  nominees under the incoming administration or future administrations. I  view this as a generational exception, as our bipartisan witnesses  recommended. I would ask that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  make this same commitment. Indeed, I intend to propose reestablishing  the original 10-year ban which was in place when the Defense Department  was established. Restoring the threshold for service to 10 years would  send a strong signal that this principle of civilian control of the  military is essential to our Democratic system of government.   At this point I would ask if the chairman of the committee might  engage in a colloquy. I do that first by thanking him for the  extraordinarily fair, thoughtful, and careful way he has guided this  nomination through the committee and here to the floor.   I wish to thank the Senator from Arizona for the thoughtful and  thorough process we have had in considering the nomination of General  Mattis. I think one of the high points was a hearing on civilian  military relations with Eliot Cohen and Kathleen Hicks. Both witnesses  emphasized that while they supported this waiver, it should be a rare,  generational exception to ensure the integrity of civilian control of  our military, which is the bedrock of our democracy.   I agree wholeheartedly with that assessment, and I would ask the  chairman if he also agrees with that assessment.    Mr. President, I believe I have the floor.    Mr. President, I believe the chairman does concur with me  regarding the fact that this is a rare and generational exception; I  think that is fair to say.    We hope so, and I think, if we recognize Senator Merkley  for his comments, and then I think the chairman of the committee has  comments, we would be on that schedule.    Mr. President, I believe I still retain the floor.   Let me make the point that I appreciate very much the Senator from  Arizona allowing me 5 minutes, but I will yield that 5 minutes so that  at the end, the Senator from Arizona would have 5 minutes, and then I  would suggest we recognize Senator Merkley so that we can conduct the  vote at 2:45 p.m.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   