 Mr. Chair, the other day, a young man who lives in my  neighborhood came over, and he asked me to try to teach him how to  drive a car. And I told him: Son, it is real easy to drive a car. It is  just kind of like these budget proposals you will see in Congress. If  you want to go forward and do things down the road, you put the car in  D, like Democrat, for drive, and your car will go forward. But if you  want to go backwards and reverse back to the 1950s, you put it in R,  like a Republican.   He learned quick, and that is what these budgets are about. If you  want to  [[Page H7877]]  go forward, you go with the Democratic budget--forward on building  highways, school construction, broadband expansion; research, research  on the deadly diseases that are killing each and every one of us and  our children in time to come, and research by the National Institutes  of Health that are cut by the budget. There is nothing more important  that can be in the budget than moneys for the National Institutes of  Health, yet they are being cut. Cancer, Alzheimer's, AIDS, stroke,  diabetes, all are going to come at us and our relatives.   Some will say, and I said this one time before, and Mr. Kingston on  the other side said: Well, our children and our grandchildren will have  to pay for it. Who do you think is going to get the cures and the  treatments? Our children and our grandchildren and generations to come.   And they cut research. They cut opportunities for America. You talk  about taxes and the debt, the Republican plan gives billionaires the  biggest cuts in history, over $50 billion with estate tax elimination  for people like the Koch brothers and the Waltons and all those folks,  and that money will never come back.   The alternative minimum tax is eliminated. That is the only thing  that made clear that President Trump paid any taxes in the only tax  return we know about. If it weren't for that, he wouldn't have paid  anything. We are talking multimillion- and billion-dollar tax cuts for  the richest that create deficits in the future, but that is okay when  it is giving money to those who already have it.   Franklin Roosevelt was right. You judge a society not by what it does  for those who have an abundance, but you judge it by what it does for  those who have the least.   