 Madam President, I want to speak on the renomination of  Ajit Pai to serve as Chairman of the FCC, the Federal Communications  Commission, to serve for a term of 5 years.   Under the previous administration, the FCC always had the consumers'  back. Back then, that administration's FCC strengthened consumer  protections. It furthered competition, it protected public safety, and  it pushed forward to ensure universal service for all Americans.   Ultimately, the success or failure of the FCC rises and rests not on  the fulfillment of special interest wish lists but on the treatment of  those who are least able to protect themselves and whether their First  Amendment rights, including those of journalists, are vigorously  protected.   Chairman Pai has been a vocal and excessively partisan and often  hostile opponent of pro-consumer steps taken by his colleagues on the  FCC. We have seen that time after time in the previous administration.   Since becoming Chairman of the FCC this year, he has systematically  undercut much of the work done over the past 8 years. I want to give  you several examples.   He has acted to prevent millions of broadband subscribers from  receiving key information about rates, terms, and conditions of their  service. This is called disclosure. He has threatened the expansion of  broadband into the homes of low-income Americans by limiting the  effectiveness of the new Lifeline Program reforms. If that is not  enough, he has proposed sweeping limits on the ability of States and  localities to review and improve the installation of certain types of  wireless equipment. Furthermore, he has supported the moves by the GOP  Congress to eliminate commonsense privacy rules for broadband services.   If all of that is not enough, he has eliminated several media  ownership  [[Page S6203]]  rules, paving the way for a massive consolidation among TV and radio  broadcast stations. Continuing, he has acted as if the way to improve  broadband in rural America is to lower standards and saddle our most  remote communities with slower speed and worse service. He has also  opposed widely supported updates to the E-Rate Program, which brings  broadband to schools and libraries in every State in the Nation and  leaves that critical program's budget--and the American  schoolchildren--in the dial-up era. That is not what we want for our  students. Furthermore, he has curtailed rules designed to help small  businesses, schools, libraries, and hospitals to find competitive  options for high-capacity telecommunications services. What that is  going to do is likely raise the cost of these services and potentially  harm their quality.   The list I just gave does not include the elephant in the room-- Chairman Pai's planned elimination of the FCC's net neutrality  protections. This Senator has been very clear that I oppose the effort  to revoke these essential consumer protections on the internet. I think  Chairman Pai's proposed course is shortsighted, especially when his  preferred approach seems to be the abandonment of the FCC's oversight  on the action of broadband providers. These are actions that directly  impact on the lives of millions of Americans.   In March, I sent to Chairman Pai my deeply held concerns about some  of these actions, and I expressed my sincere hope that his early moves  were not a sign of things to come, but unfortunately my concerns have  only been heightened by his record over the months since that  conversation.   At the end of the day, the FCC has a responsibility to put the public  interests ahead of the powerful special interests. Just as it has been  under the leadership of the past Chairmen and Chairwomen, Congress  expects the current FCC to uphold the laws the Congress has passed and  to enforce the regulations properly adopted by the agency.   The vast majority of the actions of Chairman Pai have served to  eliminate competitive protections, to threaten dangerous industry  consolidation, to make the internet less free and less open, and to  weaken consumer protections for those most vulnerable.   Ultimately, we need an FCC Chairman who has the consumers' backs. We  need an FCC Chairman who is not afraid to use the robust statutory  authority Congress has given to the FCC to protect consumers. Based on  his record, I have serious and longstanding concerns about whether  Chairman Pai really does have the consumers' backs. As a result, I will  oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.   