 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I will be withdrawing my  amendment, but I do desire to make some points.   I am grateful to the chairperson of the committee and the ranking  member as well. I know them to be admirable persons who desire to do  the very best for our veterans.   I would like to state, Mr. Chairman, that we have many people who are  on the front line of democracy. These are the people who go to distant  places, and a good many of them don't always return the same way they  left, and, Mr. Chairman, as a result of this, they need special  attention. They need medical attention.   We have a circumstance in our country that breaks the hearts of a  good many Americans each and every day when they see persons standing  on the streets with signs indicating that they are veterans and that  they need help. Mr. Chairman, what we propose to do with this amendment  is to provide that additional help that they need.   This amendment would accord an additional $70 million to medical  services for homeless veterans, the veterans that we see living in the  streets of life, the veterans who are appealing to us for help. A good  many of them need help that goes beyond something that is physically  wrong with them. A good many of them may need some help because of some  mental illness that they may have.   Mr. Chairman, in Texas, we have, on any given night, about 1,768  veterans who are living on the streets. According to the VA, about  40,000 veterans were homeless on a single night in January of 2016.  This is a decrease from where we have been.   The decline is admirable and we ought not overlook the decline, but  my belief is we can still do better and we can still help those who are  in need of some services. So this amendment would accord the $70  million and bring us back to our 2017 levels.   Mr. Chair, I would ask that the chairperson and the ranking member  please understand that my desire is to be of service to our veterans.   Mr. Chairman, if I may engage in a colloquy at this time. You have  heard my appeal. My hope is that Congressman Dent and I might be able  to work together to do what we can to enhance the services that are  needed to provide medical attention for homeless veterans. I am sure  that Congressman Dent has seen the evidence of it, and the empirical  evidence is available for us to review if we would like to, but I would  like as much assistance as we can get.    I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.   