 Mr. President, I know Mick Mulvaney. We served  together for 6 years in the House of Representatives. I have always  found him to be a straight shooter. And he was a champion of budget  transparency. I also respect him for taking on some budget fights even  when they were not popular with his Republican leadership. We worked  together to ensure honest budgeting when we joined in efforts to  prevent the use of overseas contingency operations funding as a slush  fund for unlimited Pentagon spending.   I have deep concerns, however, about many of the positions that Mr.  Mulvaney has taken over the years on matters vital to the Nation.   He has proposed radical measures that would undermine our fundamental  safety net. He has said, ``We have to end Medicare as we know it.'' And  he criticized Congressman Paul Ryan's already harsh budget because it  did not cut important programs like Social Security, Medicare, and  Medicaid fast enough.   Mr. Mulvaney has taken too cavalier an attitude toward the threat of  default on U.S. Government obligations. He called the need to raise the  debt ceiling a ``fabricated crisis.'' And he has repeatedly introduced  legislation to prioritize payment of obligations to bondholders--who  are often foreign--over other government obligations, including those  to our veterans--in effect paying China first. At his confirmation  hearing, he did not indicate that he has changed his view. The failure  of the U.S. Government to pay its debts would wreak havoc on the  economy.   Similarly, Mr. Mulvaney has been far too flippant about budgetary  confrontations. He was a leader of a group threatening to shut down the  government in order to defund Planned Parenthood, saying, ``If we can  do that while still funding the rest of the government, fine. If we  cannot, and there is a lapse in appropriations, so be it.'' And when  asked if the 2013 government shutdown fight over Obamacare was worth  it, he said it was.   Mr. Mulvaney has shown too great a willingness to eliminate  government functions that protect consumers or help create jobs.  Speaking of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, he said, ``I  don't like the fact that CFPB exists.'' And he referred to legislation  [[Page S1229]]  reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank as ``a piece of crap.'' Those were  his words.   At his hearing, he did not appear to have a grasp of the size of the  Federal workforce, and that it is smaller than any time during the  Reagan administration. He did not seem to realize that the share of the  population employed in the Federal Government is at the lowest point on  record, since reliable data first became available shortly before World  War II. These are fundamental facts the OMB Director should know.   Because of these concerns, I will be unable to support Mr. Mulvaney's  nomination.   The Director of the Office of Management and Budget is a key player  in setting the Nation's economic policy. The Director of OMB produces  the President's budget, enforces funding laws that Congress enacts, and  oversees the regulations that protect Americans' health, safety, and  environment through the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs.   If the Senate confirms Mr. Mulvaney, I will watch with great interest  how he reconciles his past positions with his new responsibilities  representing the administration and the American people. I hope that he  will respect the hard-working Federal employees who serve our Nation.  In his new position, I do believe that his personal relationships with  Members of Congress will prove useful, and I will look for areas where  we can work together.    Madam President, I wish to start where the Senator  from Maine left off, and that is with respect to the approximately  3,000 emails that Scott Pruitt, the nominee to lead the Environmental  Protection Agency, has been hiding from public view. I hope all  Senators know now that last night, a judge, Judge Timmons, ordered that  those emails be released so the American public can see exactly what is  going on.   Here is what the judge said: ``There was an abject failure to provide  prompt and reasonable access to the documents that had been  requested.''   Willful ignorance is always a bad policy, and I really hope that the  Senate will not engage in willful ignorance when it comes to the  nomination of Scott Pruitt. Why not wait a few days to see what is in  the emails that were so deliberately hidden from public view? That  should worry every Senator, Republican and Democrat alike.   In addition to all of the concerns that have been raised by my  colleagues on this floor with respect to having Scott Pruitt at the  helm of EPA, Marylanders have a special concern. In fact, those who are  part of the Chesapeake Bay States have a very, very special concern.   The Chesapeake Bay is a natural treasure, and it is a national  treasure. It is the Nation's largest estuary. It is beloved by  Marylanders and beloved by all who benefit from its great bounty.   Marylanders get up in the morning and go crabbing on the bay. It has  also been a source of income for our State and the other bay States.   The reality is that our tourism industry depends on a healthy bay.  Our watermen depend on a healthy bay. Our boating industry depends on a  healthy bay. So it is not only an environmental imperative, it is an  economic imperative in the State of Maryland. And the Chesapeake Bay is  threatened more than almost any other water body in the United States  by pollution. That is because its tidal tributaries have a shoreline  more than the whole west coast of the United States. In other words, if  you look at the water surface of the bay and you look at the surface  area of the rivers and streams feeding into the bay and you look at all  the shoreline there, it is greater than the west coast.   The surface water area, including the 150 major rivers and streams  and more than 100,000 smaller tributaries, is 4,500 square miles. But  the watershed--the landmass that drains into that area--is 64,000  square miles, from six States and the District of Columbia, everywhere  from Virginia to parts of New York State. And because the bay is  threatened by pollution coming from throughout that great area--those  six States and the District of Columbia--back in the 1960s, people  recognized we had to do something about it because we had combined  sewer water overflows, we had fertilizer runoff, we had stormwater  runoff from six States and the District of Columbia bordering the  Chesapeake Bay and threatening its livelihood and threatening the  economy of the State of Maryland.   That is when a number of States got together and said: We have to do  something about it. Senator Mathias, who was a Republican Senator from  the State of Maryland, brought people together and said: We need to do  a national study funded by the Federal Government because, in a  situation where you have so many States contributing to the pollution  of the bay, obviously, it is not within the power of only one State to  do something about it.   And over nearly three decades from those early days back in the 1960s  and beyond, we entered into a number of bay agreements with the three  States immediately around the bay: Pennsylvania, Virginia, Delaware,  and the District of Columbia, and then it got expanded over time. But  despite all of the efforts in those States, it was as if we were on a  treadmill.   The good news is the actions taken by the States, with the help of  the EPA, meant that we were not going backward. It was a little bit as  if we were trying to run up a down escalator. If we hadn't been taking  any action, we would be going down fast. The bay would get more and  more polluted, become less and less healthy. But even with all the  measures we were taking, it was as if we were running in place on that  escalator that was going down.   So in 2009, the bay States decided that they needed to put more teeth  in the enforcement mechanisms to make sure that everybody was being  held accountable for their share of cleaning up this precious natural  resource and natural treasure.   That is when we entered into an agreement with the Environmental  Protection Agency, giving the EPA the authority to help enforce the  provisions of that agreement if any State strayed. And the results have  been very important and very encouraging. Just this January, the  Chesapeake Bay Foundation, in its biannual ``State of the Bay Report,''  gave the Chesapeake Bay its highest, its healthiest score since the  report began in 1987.   I want to be clear. We are still a long way from a healthy Chesapeake  Bay, but we have gone from running in place to actually making a few  steps forward, and that is largely as a result of the efforts of the  bay agreement and the new leverage that the Environmental Protection  Agency has to enforce compliance with that agreement.   Here is where the story of the President's nominee to be the head of  EPA intersects with the Chesapeake Bay. As attorney general of the  landlocked State of Oklahoma, Scott Pruitt decided to join in a court  case to try to blow up this Chesapeake Bay agreement. He decided from  Oklahoma that he wanted to get in the business--the bipartisan business  that had been supported by Republican and Democratic Governors alike,  Republican and Democratic Senators alike, over a long period of time.  He sued, along with others, the EPA to try to prevent the EPA from  playing this important role that helped give us a boost.   Now, the good news is Scott Pruitt and the others failed. The judge  said: Sorry, you are wrong; this does not exceed the EPA's authority.  The good news is that we are going to continue to proceed. But what are  we going to do when Scott Pruitt, who brought that lawsuit against the  Chesapeake Bay agreement, is the Administrator of the EPA?   Senator Cardin, my friend and colleague from the State of Maryland,  asked him about this at the hearing. At the hearing, Scott Pruitt made  some positive statements about this agreement. Then Senator Cardin  wanted to follow up and make sure he heard it straight, and so he  followed up with some questions in writing. What came back were a  series of statements that showed that Scott Pruitt was backtracking on  the commitment he had made--backtracking on his promise to lead a  strong EPA and have an important EPA role in enforcing this Chesapeake  Bay agreement.   In addition to the fact that he has shown willful ignorance about the  dangers of climate change, which are all so very real to the State of  Maryland--just go down to the Naval Academy and ask the superintendent  there, and he will tell you they have many more storm surges right  there in Annapolis as a result of climate change--and so many other  areas where Scott Pruitt has sided with big money, special interests,  polluting special interests, he clearly is somebody whom we worry about  in the State of Maryland with respect to protecting the Chesapeake Bay.   So I ask all my colleagues to join with us in at least demanding now  that we have an opportunity to see the 3,000 emails, which a judge has  required be provided to the public next week.   I hope all Senators don't want to be embarrassed by voting for  somebody today, only to find very compromising emails next week. I  really believe we have an obligation to the American people to ensure  that we have an opportunity to view those emails. I certainly know the  people of Maryland, when it comes to protecting our beautiful  Chesapeake Bay--both because of its natural beauty but also because it  is essential to our economy--join me in encouraging my colleagues to  ask for a delay and, at the very least, vote no on the nomination of  Scott Pruitt.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S1366]]    