 Mr. President, I wish to thank my dear friend, my  colleague from Georgia, for making such an outstanding statement in his  own inimitable fashion--sort of a Paul Harvey of the Senate, if you  will--and I know that he would never lie on the Senate floor. He might  stretch the truth a little, but just a bit. I thank him so much for his  testimony on behalf of our next Secretary of Agriculture.   The Senate will soon vote on the confirmation of Governor Sonny  Perdue, the President's nominee for U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.   The Department of Agriculture is made up of 29 agencies and offices,  and it employs nearly 100,000 men and women who work in all 50 States  and around the globe. The Department provides leadership on food,  agriculture, natural resources, rural development, nutrition,  scientific research, and related issues that impact every American  every day.   Throughout our Nation's history, our farmers and ranchers and  business owners in rural America have survived drought and disease and  floods and tornadoes and whatever else Mother Nature throws at them. We  just had a big prairie fire in Kansas. Yet, year after year, they  produce the safest, most abundant and affordable food and fiber supply  in the world.   Today, however, our producers from across the country are facing  tough economic times, with multiple years of low prices. These same  producers now need a strong market for whatever they produce. During  this critical time, the importance of trade for the agriculture  industry cannot be overstated. We have to understand within the  administration, within this Senate, and with our colleagues in the  House, that, yes, it is important to export things that we make, but it  is also equally important to export things that we grow.   On top of all of this, our farmers and ranchers and rural businesses  have been burdened by regulations from agencies across the Federal  Government. I have heard time and again, as has my distinguished  colleague who is the Presiding Officer, that the costly and hard-to- understand regulations have and are endangering the ability of our  producers to even stay in business.   Members of the Agriculture Committee have a lot of work to do over  the next 2 years, including regulatory reform and recommending to our  new Secretary what he can do in that regard but also the  reauthorization of the farm bill. We intend to do that work in the  bipartisan fashion that has served us so well in the past. I will make  the statement--I have the privilege of being chairman of the  Agriculture Committee--that we are the least partisan committee in the  Senate, and today that means a lot. It also means we work well with our  distinguished ranking member, Senator Deborah Stabenow from Michigan.   But, now, more than ever, agriculture needs a voice, an advocate, and  a champion at the highest levels of government, and Governor Perdue has  been nominated to serve in exactly that role.   As has been said, he is from Georgia. He was raised on a farm and  practiced as a veterinarian before returning to his home county to work  in the grain business. He was elected to serve in local and State  government, including two terms as the distinguished Governor of the  State of Georgia.   During his confirmation hearing--and I want to underscore that his  confirmation hearing was unique in the Senate in that there were no  attacks on the nominee--Governor Perdue knew the answers to the  questions that he was going to be asked. He didn't have to be briefed.  The Governor demonstrated a real understanding of the challenges that  now face the agriculture industry and the willingness to work together  to find solutions.   The Agriculture Committee received many letters in support of his  nomination, including support from six former U.S. Secretaries of  Agriculture, representing both Republican and Democratic Presidents,  and another from nearly 700 organizations across the agriculture and  food value chain.   Last month, the Agriculture Committee voted by voice vote to report  Governor Perdue's nomination to the full Senate--a voice vote.   Our farmers and ranchers have been long waiting for this important  role to be filled. Once Governor Perdue becomes Secretary Perdue, I  know he will put the needs of farmers, ranchers, and others in rural  America first, and lead us in both the House and Senate to implement a  productive trade policy and economic recovery in rural and smalltown  America.   So I urge my colleagues to join in bipartisan support for Sonny  Perdue's confirmation as Agriculture Secretary and for being the  champion for farmers and ranchers and growers and consumers.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, after a careful counting of the Members present on the  floor, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   