 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for yielding  to me, and I thank him for his tremendous leadership as chairman of the  Appropriations Committee. New Jersey and, indeed, the entire Nation are  fortunate to have Mr. Frelinghuysen as chairman of this critical  committee.   Under the chairman's leadership, all spending bills have advanced out  of the committee, and now, today, we consider a package that affirms  one of Congress' most important responsibilities: to provide for the  common defense.   Included in this legislative package is an important measure that  opens reports by the Congressional Research Service and opens those  reports to the public. I have been involved in this issue for some  time. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and subcommittee  Chairman Yoder for their support of this measure.   American taxpayers spend more than $100 million a year supporting the  work of the Congressional Research Service. Their findings, reports,  and analyses should be public information. It is good public policy to  allow educators, students, members of the news media, and everyday  citizens across the Nation to have access to CRS's nonpartisan,  taxpayer-funded reports.    By providing public access to CRS reports, we can elevate our  national discourse and make it easier for citizens to cut through the  misinformation that is too often involved in the national debate.  Citizens should have full access to the same neutral, unbiased  information that many of us in Congress use to help us make important  decisions.   CRS is governed by requirements for accuracy, objectivity, balance,  and nonpartisanship--the very sort of analysis sought and valued by  engaged constituents.   Mr. Chairman, I, again, commend the chairman for including this  measure in the Legislative Branch title. This is one of many victories  for taxpayers in this important bill.    Mr. Chairman, first, I thank Chairman Simpson for the  committee's continued support for the Rahway River flood control  project in the district I serve. This project is essential to the  safety and security of communities in the district. These communities  have worked extensively with the district office of the Army Corps,  which, together with their colleagues at Corps headquarters in  Washington, prepared a Tentatively Selected Plan. We are waiting for  Corps headquarters to schedule an agency milestone meeting to finalize  the details and begin the process of compiling a chief's report.   Is it the committee's intent in providing funding that the Corps  should complete the Rahway River feasibility study?    I would further ask your assistance to ensure that the  extensive work, expertise, and planning at the district level and the  extensive community involvement is also followed by the Army Corps  headquarters.   There is growing concern in the communities I serve that Army Corps  headquarters might shelve this project despite its continued  authorization--as recently as the 2016 WRDA bill--and the ongoing  funding from your subcommittee.   This would represent the worst kind of disconnect between the needs  of communities in need and the bureaucracy of Washington. Doing  nothing, wasting taxpayers' time and money, and allowing the current  hazards to endure are not an acceptable outcome.   I would respectfully ask the full committee chairman and subcommittee  chairman to assist in convening a meeting with the affected Members of  Congress and the Corps to ensure we continue to move forward with this  chosen alternative, and proceed with the project now.   