 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1101,  the Small Business Health Fairness Act.   Mr. Speaker, the concept of association health plans, AHPs, is  nothing new. Versions of this bill have been around for many years.  They don't work.   Currently, AHPs are regulated by the States, ensuring the ability to  protect consumers. H.R. 1101, however, will yank association health  plans from the realm of State oversight by federally certifying them  and holding them to few, if any, regulatory requirements. This would  strip the States of the ability and fidelity to regulate beneficiary  protections that exist to protect their citizens.   Federally certifying AHPs will allow selective choice of which  benefits are provided and which persons can enroll. This is a complete  and total disservice to all individuals and citizens in a State's  health insurance market. Association health plans currently exist and  operate in New York State, serving many thousands of beneficiaries and  avail New Yorkers' protections, benefits guarantees, and avenues for  appeal through the Department of Financial Services.   This bill does nothing to offer guaranteed affirmative coverage. It  would permit preexisting conditions as a legitimate reason to exclude  individuals. It has no minimum threshold for anything resembling  essential health benefits, and it fails to offer a requirement for the  actuarial value of the insurance product to cover total health costs.   What then remains is not a health plan. In fact, what remains is  strikingly similar to what the American Health Care Act purports to  offer millions of Americans: less coverage for those enrolled and more  expense for those who are too sick, too old, and too poor to be  approached by an AHP.   AHPs would lead to higher costs for seniors and individuals who are  sicker and will dilute the risk pool of entire States, leading to  higher premiums and out-of-pocket expenses. Where the American Health  Care Act will unilaterally hurt all Americans, H.R. 1101 would  accomplish the same harm directed at the sickest and most underserved  in a more prejudicial manner.   Mr. Speaker, I offered an amendment to this bill, which was germane,  yet not made in order. My amendment would have protected the rights of  the States to regulate association health plans, to include regulation  of benefits, consumer protections, and rating restrictions. The goal of  my amendment was to ensure that all States and their constituents have  the same security and protections that my constituents have benefited  from over the past 7 years: consumer protections against surprise  billing and adverse selection, provider protection for prompt claim  payment and preauthorization, protection for local and regional  insurers so that large national insurance companies cannot cherry-pick  the good risk.   I certainly believe and would hope that my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle support program integrity and protecting our  constituents, which is what my amendment would have made clear.   Lastly, I would like to be clear that I am supportive of increasing  access to health care that is comprehensive and affordable for all  Americans. The bill before us does not do that. The American Health  Care Act certainly does not do that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly oppose this rolling  back of health care.   