 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my  distinguished colleague from New Hampshire and begin, actually, where  she finished. This massive tax cut has indeed so many ticking timebombs  that are unknown at the moment because it has been rushed and rammed  through this body, as well as the House, without the kind of regular  order that should be given--the intense scrutiny and attention that is  due a historic, massive measure of this kind.   The idea that it has regular order is absolutely absurd. If this is  regular order, it is surely regular order lite. There have barely been  the most cursory of hearings--barely an excuse for hearings--no real  markup, no real opportunity for the public to be heard, no real  scrutiny of the complicated and numerous provisions that will affect  people for years, decades, maybe generations to come.   The last tax cut was in 1985. The last so-called reform, passed in  the mid-1980s, involved scores of hearings, meetings, and sessions for  the public to be heard, dwarfing, making a mockery of this process.  This process has been, in fact, a mockery of democracy. It is a classic  bait and switch. It is a promise that is unfulfilled--a tax cut,  initially, for people, which then disappears after a couple of years,  when the wealthy continue to enjoy their tax cut.   There are winners and losers in this measure. Let's be very blunt.  The winners are the wealthy. The losers are the middle class. The  winners are special interests. The losers are the American people. The  winners are people who already have it made. The losers are people who  want to fulfill the American Dream and make it for themselves, people  who are pulling up the ladder for others to climb and to make it real  for them.   The measure that we have before us is the result of a promise-- middle-class tax cuts--and that promise was made by Donald Trump, who  said also that he would not benefit. He sent his Small Business  Administration Administrator, Linda McMahon, to Connecticut to say:  ``Everyone will experience a tax cut.''   This plan is a scam. Yes, some people will receive a tax cut  initially, but if you earn less than $75,000 within the next decade,  you will be worse off under this plan. In Connecticut that means that  468,200 taxpayers in the bottom 80 percent of income distribution will  experience a tax hike under this plan. The majority of people in  Connecticut are losers, even though there may be a wealthy segment at  the very top of the income distribution who are winners.   Our children and grandchildren are surely losers because they will  inherit the whirlwind of additional debt. The $1.5 trillion  underestimates the amount of debt that will be added. I saw a cartoon  in one of the newspapers that showed a rowboat filled with water, and  one of the characters said to the other: Drill another hole in the  bottom of the boat to let the water out. And the sea was the Dead Sea.  That is what this measure does. It fills our boat--not only ours but  our children's and grandchildren's boats--with additional debt. They  are losers even though the wealthiest are winners.   The losers include, also, first responders. Earlier this month, the  president of the Fraternal Order of Police wrote a letter to the House  and the Senate leadership urging Members of Congress to protect the  State and local deduction as it is. This measure eliminates that State  and local deduction, devastating for Connecticut but also for first  responders, firemen, and police across the country, and our teachers  who depend on the adequacy of Federal funding for essential services,  which will be reduced.   Because there is no incentive for State and local taxes--they can't  be deducted anymore--States like Connecticut, New York, and California,  we know are the losers and our middle-class taxpayers are losers. That  is why the National Education Association has found that gutting the  State and local tax deduction will seriously harm already underfunded  public education, risking nearly 250,000 education jobs, including over  5,000 teacher jobs in the State of Connecticut. It will lead to about  $250 billion in cuts to public education over the next decade. While we  are talking about education, there is eliminating the deduction for  interest on student loans. What could be more stupid at a time when we  are encouraging young people to invest in their futures and we should  be investing in them?   Ultimately, also, the losers are our job creators, the folks who need  infrastructure, which will go unrepaired. Our roads, bridges,  railroads, VA facilities, broadband, airports, and ports are all  desperately in need of rebuilding--not just repair but true rebuilding,  modernization, and innovation.   There is no requirement or opportunity here for repatriation of the  trillions of dollars parked overseas. There is no provision for any  sort of incentive for companies to repatriate and invest in an  infrastructure bank. So we will continue to see neglect and disregard  for that very important infrastructure.   It is clear who will be the winners. Despite all these losers,  corporations that move overseas to evade taxes and benefit from special  interest loopholes to lower their effective tax rates are going to be  richly rewarded.   Senate Republicans have decided to open the Arctic National Wildlife  Refuge for oil and gas drilling.   Those special interests are the winners. The bill borrows $1.5  trillion so those special interests and corporations can have those  benefits, but it will also line the pockets of those corporate CEOs-- not just the corporations but the CEOs. That is equivalent to the cost  of all veterans' healthcare and benefit payments to every single  veteran in America over the next decade.   With $1.5 trillion, by the way, you could also pay off all the  student loan debt in America. Think of the difference in lives that  would make. Think of all the young students debt free. Think of the  vistas and the dreams that could be fulfilled. Think of the economic  growth that would be generated.   Think also of the false promises and the bait and switch. When  corporate CEOs were asked by the President's chief economic adviser,  Gary Cohn, how many of them will create jobs with these corporate tax  cuts, nary a hand went up in the audience. That is a picture that says  a thousand words.   I end my words now simply with a warning that Americans, far from  buying this bait and switch, will see the proof in their pocketbooks  and wallets. They will see the result of this consummately partisan  measure run through without regular order, without real consideration,  without the scrutiny that it needs and deserves, without public and  popular support if we move ahead as the Republican leadership  apparently appears intent on doing. Now is the time for us to show some  backbone. I urge my colleagues to do it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nebraska.   