 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we currently have the highest Federal  corporate tax rate in the developed world. Businesses are moving from  here overseas to seek a friendlier tax environment.   If we are going to compete globally--and we are in a global economy-- we have to have a conducive tax and regulatory environment to do so. We  don't have a conducive tax environment now. We cannot compete globally  with the second highest or the highest corporate tax rate in the  developed world.   We also have a tax code that is far too complicated. Taxpayers and  companies alike spend about 9 billion hours a year--9 billion hours a  year--combined with IRS requirements, and this costs the U.S. economy  more than $400 billion a year. This is just compliance costs.   The Tax Code is also full of costly loopholes which allow businesses  and millions of individuals to get away with paying no income tax or no  corporate tax.   After over 30 years, I am pleased to see Congress finally getting  down to the work of doing a tax overhaul. A few weeks ago, we passed a  budget that allows some cuts--about $1.5 trillion. I believe that when  we do cut certain taxes, it does generate a greater economic activity,  which does in turn mean additional revenue to government. However,  there are limits to that model. We cannot simply assume we can cut all  taxes and realize additional revenue. It is important that tax reform  comes as well.   We have been hearing a lot about cuts, cuts, cuts. If we are going to  do cuts, cuts, cuts, we have to do a wholesale reform. With the  national debt exceeding $20 trillion, we have to take this seriously.  Rate reductions have to be accompanied by repeal or reform. We cannot  simply rely on rosy economic assumptions, rosy growth rates to fill in  the gap. We have to make tough decisions. We cannot have cuts today  that assume we will grow a backbone in the out-years in terms of the  real reforms we are going to need. We have seen this before. We make  the cuts now; we rely on rosy economic assumptions; and then, in the  out-years, if those don't come about, we forget what we were supposed  to do in terms of reform. We can't do that today, not with a debt of  $20 trillion, not with a deficit of over $600 billion a year adding to  that total debt.   I welcome this opportunity to do tax reform. It is needed. As I  mentioned, we have to have a conducive tax and regulatory environment  in order to compete, but we have to be realistic as well about what we  can achieve, and we can't push off the reforms for cuts today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   