 The Republicans yield back 4 hours of the majority's  time.    We have 1 hour remaining. We will keep our hour.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about an issue that  affects every single Senator in this body and all of us as Americans,  and that is this epidemic of drug use--opioids--which would be heroin,  prescription drugs, the new synthetic heroins, like fentanyl,  carfentanil, and U-4. It is devastating our communities. This is the  worst drug crisis we have ever had in this country. That is my view,  but it is also the view of a lot of experts. I have been involved in  this issue for over 20 years, and I have never seen anything like  it. That is why I have come to the floor to talk again today. This is  the 34th time that I have spoken on this issue on the Senate floor in  the last year or so.    I come with sadness in my heart because it is not getting better.  Based on the statistics I have seen from my home State of Ohio and  around the country for the first quarter of this year, it looks like  the number of deaths and overdoses from drug abuse are increasing, not  decreasing. Part of it is because of these new drugs coming in,  particularly synthetic drugs, including fentanyl, carfentanil, and U- 4--things that are produced in a laboratory by some evil scientist  somewhere and shipped into our country.   So the need to act has grown only more urgent. Every day we are now  losing 144 Americans to drug overdoses. Think about that. Every single  day, 144 Americans are dying of drug overdoses. It has now far exceeded  the number of people who are dying in car accidents in my home State of  Ohio and it is exceeding that number around the country.   Millions more are not dying of overdoses but are seeing their lives  and their futures ruined, and millions of us--those of us who are not  drug addicted but who have friends, family, and neighbors who are--are  watching loved ones as they fight this addiction. Maybe they have lost  a job. Maybe they have broken relationships with families and friends.  Maybe they have committed a crime like theft, shoplifting, or fraud to  pay for their habit. Maybe they have just given up hope.   Just last week, I met with some community leaders from Dayton, OH. As  it happens, no matter where I am in Ohio, this issue comes up and this  is what they want to talk to me about. They wanted to talk about the  story of Nathan Wylie.   Nathan Wylie was a happy 13-year-old boy. He was a Cincinnati Bengals  fan. His goal in life was to be a professional football player. He  wanted to play for the Bengals one day. He had his whole life ahead of  him.   Nathan's dad, according to police reports, is a heroin user. One day  a few weeks ago, Nathan got into his dad's heroin, and he overdosed.  His dad took him to the fire station and first responders did what they  could. They took him to Dayton Children's Hospital, but it was too  late. Nathan died of an overdose at age 13.   Two weeks ago, a 14-year-old girl in Dayton was mowing the lawn at  the apartment complex owned by her grandparents, and she came upon a  body on the ground. It turns out that it was a 25-year-old young man  who had died of an overdose.   This is what is happening in our communities.   Just a few hours after this young man who died of an overdose was  discovered by this girl, Dayton Police responded to a car accident on  Route 35 where a man had driven through a barrier and knocked over a  street light. Police arrived and found the driver passed out with a  used needle on the floor of the car. In this case they saved his life.  They used this miracle drug called naloxone, or Narcan, which reduces  the loss of life because it reverses the effects of overdoses. It  doesn't always work, but it works the vast majority of the time if you  get there in time. He was revived, and he said that he not only just  used heroin, but that he was on his way to get more when he overdosed  and almost died.   So I could go on. We see these headlines every day, not just in  Dayton, OH, where I talked about these three cases, but all throughout  our State and our country. That is why people are starting to take  action to turn the tide, and I commend them for it.   Last week, more than 500 religious leaders across northeast Ohio  banded together and said: We are going to do something about this. They  took to their pulpits all at once to speak about this issue. A lot of  them talked about National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, which was  this past Saturday that it occurred. Father Bob Stec of St. Ambrose  Parish in Brunswick, OH, gave his parishioners a three-part action  plan. No. 1, get educated. Learn about these opioids. Learn about the  connection between prescription drugs and heroin. With many heroin  addicts, their use started with prescription drugs.   No. 2, throw out unnecessary medications from your medicine cabinets.  It is unbelievable the number of people I have run into who have said  they started because they took prescription drugs, and they got their  prescription drugs--in one case, a young man told me--from his  grandmother's medicine cabinet.  [[Page S2697]]    No. 3, he said, was to pray for our first responders. God bless them,  because they do save lives every day--in Ohio, 16,000 lives last year.  Without them, the death toll would be far higher and the damage to our  community would be far greater. They are as frustrated as anybody, by  the way, by this epidemic. They want to get to the bottom of it, to be  able to focus more on prevention and treatment and recovery. They don't  want to keep applying Narcan to the same person again and again.   So I want to thank Father Stec and all of the other religious leaders  for being willing to roll up their sleeves and to get involved. If they  prevented even one addiction from starting, then they have made a  permanent impact on the community. I am convinced that those 500  pastors, ministers, and rabbis have saved lives.   People in Ohio are taking action in other ways too. People are  forming groups, particularly parent groups. Those who have lost a child  are banding together and talking about how they cannot just console one  another and support one another but put in place plans to help others.   I was at a treatment center recently when there were a couple of  families there, and they spoke up. They are involved in the center.  They come every day. They are there because they lost a son or a  daughter to overdose. God bless them for stepping forward.   The Federal Government needs to do more too. We need to take action  because we can be a better partner with States, local communities, and  families. It is not going to be solved in Washington. Washington is not  the solution, but it is part of the solution by being a better partner.  We can take best practices from around the country as an example, as we  did in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which passed this  Chamber last year, and spread those around the country so that every  community has the opportunity to make a bigger difference.   Last week I met with Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey. He has a  passion for this issue. He is leading the President's Commission on  Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. I thought it was a very  good meeting. Governor Christie is serious about this. I think he is  going to be a constructive partner with the Congress and with our  President to help turn this tide. I am glad he was selected, and I am  glad he has the Commission going.   I will tell you, though, that my message to him was twofold. One, I  am glad you are doing this, but, second, let's take action. We don't  need another commission to study this problem to know that this is an  area where Congress and the administration can work together to take  action.   In fact, this agreement that we will vote on in the Senate this  afternoon and again tomorrow to fund the government between now and the  year's end actually includes a lot of good legislation to help with  this crisis. It fully funds the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act I talked about earlier, or CARA. This legislation is the first  comprehensive reform to Federal addiction policy in 20 years. It treats  addiction like a disease, which it is. It focuses on prevention,  education, treatment, and recovery and helping our first responders  with Narcan. It is very comprehensive because that is the only way to  get at this issue--to do it in a comprehensive way.   The legislation we will vote on today and tomorrow also fully funds  the 21st Century Cures Act, which includes more funding that goes  directly to the States to deal with opioid addiction.   In the funding bill, we have funded the CARA programs now at over  $200 million for this fiscal year. That is more than the bill  authorizes, and that is good news because we need it.   It includes $103 million in grants from the Department of Justice for  drug courts, veterans courts, and prescription drug monitoring  programs. It also includes $114 million for Health and Human Services  grants for Medicaid assistance treatment, treatment for pregnant and  postpartum women, and for supplying naloxone--again, this miracle drug  can actually reverse an overdose--also known as Narcan, and this will  help our first responders. It also provides training for them to be  able to use it effectively.   It also includes $50 million authorized by CARA for the Department of  Veterans Affairs to treat and prevent opioid addiction at the VA, as  well as funding CARA's recovery services--the first time any Federal  law has ever focused on recovery, not just for treatment but for longer  term recovery.   By the way, when there is a good recovery program, the rate of  success is dramatically increased--much improved. So it is important  that Congress is being a better partner with regard to recovery.   Last week, the Department of Health and Human Services also announced  that $26 million will also go out as part of the Cures Act I spoke  about to the State of Ohio. Every State in the Union applied for that  money, and States are getting money, and it will be very helpful. I  know our Governor and our legislature will put it to good use.   These are important steps. But I will tell my colleagues--and I said  this to Governor Christie--that by my count, there are at least six  provisions of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that have  not been implemented yet by either the previous administration or this  administration. By the way, this is 9 months after CARA was signed into  law. Let's get these programs all up and going.   We haven't set up the Pain Management Best Practices Interagency Task  Force yet. What does that mean? We need a strategy for figuring out  what the best practices are for pain management, for opioid prescribing  and alternatives to potentially addictive opioids.   This is really important. Think about it. Four to five heroin addicts  started with prescription drugs. Still, when you go to the doctor and  you have an injury or an accident, it is not unlikely they will give  you some pills--prescription drugs--and they will be addictive.   We have to be sure we do everything we can to come up with  nonaddictive forms of medication, right? If we don't do that, we will  continue to have the problem. We need to stop overprescribing. We have  made some progress, but not enough. When a young man or a young woman  goes to get their wisdom teeth taken out, they should not be given  opioids. This has happened too many times. I have met two families from  Ohio, one whose loved one died from an overdose because as a teenager  he went in to get his wisdom teeth taken out and was given a bunch of  these pills--60 Percocets in 1 case--and then, because he got  physically addicted, he ended up going to heroin as a cheaper and more  accessible alternative and ended up overdosing. That shouldn't happen.   So this is an important part. It can be done right now. Let's get  this up and going and let's push back on overprescribing. Let's find  ways for the pharmaceutical companies to produce medication that  actually is not addictive that can help with regard to pain management.   Second, we haven't started the public awareness campaign about the  dangers of opioid abuse and the link between these prescription drugs  and heroin and other synthetic drugs like fentanyl. Let's do it.   In the legislation we have authorized an amount of money for the  Federal Government to do a national awareness campaign that lets people  know about this, because most of my constituents don't know about it.  When the doctor prescribes those pills, they think that because the  doctor prescribed them, it must be the right thing to do. Instead of  taking maybe one or two, they are fine with having their kid or their  brother or sister or mother or father take the whole dose when they  aren't needed, perhaps, because they don't know about the link. They  don't know these pills are addictive. Just getting that information out  there is going to save lives, and it is an important part of turning  the tide. Let's do it. This public awareness campaign can be  implemented now.   The Department of Health and Human Services has not yet released  information on alternative treatment options for youth sports injuries  and about how parents and kids can seek treatment if they become  addicted as a result of a prescription. Why wouldn't that make sense?  Let's do that. Let's do it now.   I have had, unfortunately, many instances of talking to parents about  a  [[Page S2698]]  kid who was injured in high school through a sports injury and who was  prescribed opioids and, again, the parents and the kids didn't have the  information to know how dangerous this can be.   There is a guy I worked with a lot on prevention who goes to colleges  and high schools and talks about this. He talks about his son Tyler. He  was a football player. He must have been a great kid; I wish I had met  him. He had an injury, and, of course, the coach said to play through  it, and the doctor said: If you take these pills, you can play through  it. He became physically addicted. Again, he later turned to heroin as  a less expensive alternative because the pills were too expensive. He  overdosed and died. His dad, by the way, is channeling his grief into  something really constructive. God bless him.   The FDA has not yet announced its action plan on approving new  opioids. The legislation we wrote, the Comprehensive Addiction and  Recovery Act, says the FDA has to seek recommendations from an advisory  committee before approving any new opioid, and they have to label any  opioid that is going to be used by kids--label it. The FDA is also  supposed to issue guidance to educate prescribers on this issue. They  have not yet done that. Let's do it. That action plan of approving new  opioids is something we can do. We don't need another study or a  commission to do it. Let's do it.   The National Institutes of Health hasn't begun CARA's clinical  research into alternatives to opioids for treating chronic pain. NIH  should do that. Now, they may say after hearing this speech that they  are starting to do it. That is great. Let's do it. Let's get that  information out there. Let's use the NIH and all the great researchers  we have there and the great tools we have there to come up with  alternatives that are not addictive.   The Department of Justice has not yet expanded the prescription drug  take-back program. As I mentioned, National Prescription Drug Take-Back  Day was last Saturday. This is where you can dispose of your  prescription drugs in a safe way. You know it is going to go into a  safe receptacle where some trafficker is not going to take the drugs  and spread them around our community, which, by the way, has happened.  This is a really important program to get these painkillers off of the  bathroom shelf. I mentioned the young man who got his grandmother's  pain pills, and that is how he started his addiction.   So get them off your shelves. If you are listening today and you  haven't taken this action, I urge you to do it. Somebody is going to be  at your home, maybe fixing your plumbing, or somebody is helping to  clean your home or something else; or kids might be in your home, or  maybe some friends of your kids, and those pills are just too darn  tempting. The cost of one pill is about $80 on the street. So think  about that. Get rid of those pills. Take them to a drugstore where they  have a receptacle now or take them to the police department where they  have a receptacle. Be involved in these drug take-back programs.    Almost every community in America participated on Saturday. There  were tons of drugs--and I mean tons--that were disposed of. That is a  good thing and that is going to save lives, but, again, the Department  of Justice can expand that program. Under our legislation, they are  authorized to do it. Let's do it. This is something that can be done  right now. These are steps that HHS, DOJ, and others can take right now  under the authorities already given them. It will make a difference.  Again, this crisis is getting worse, not better. To turn the tide, we  have to do all these things and more.   I also wish to mention that in addition to these important parts of  CARA and other actions the administration can take is that the  Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Dr. Ben Carson, can  increase access to sober housing for people coming out of treatment. I  know Dr. Carson well enough to know he has a passion for this issue and  he wants to address it. This is one way to address it.   Under the previous Obama administration, sober living facilities lost  priority if they had a zero tolerance drug policy. To me, that makes no  sense. Dr. Carson has the authority to change that and to make it  easier for folks who are in recovery to stay clean over the long term.  Again, I hope the administration will take that step and these other  important steps. Whether it is FDA, whether it is NIH, whether it is  DOJ, whether it is HHS, whether it is Housing and Urban Development, we  have opportunities without new legislation. This is either already  authorized or actions they can take. Let's go ahead and do it. Let's do  everything we can.   None of these individually is a silver bullet. There is no silver  bullet. This issue is ultimately going to be decided in our  communities, in our families, and in our hearts. We all have to get  involved. All these will help. All these will help to ensure that we  are responding to a true crisis in our community. If we do all these  things, I believe next year can be better. This year is going to be  worse. All the data shows that the number of overdoses and deaths--in  my State of Ohio, in your State--are increasing this year compared to  the last year.   It doesn't have to be this way. All these actions taken together on  prevention and education, better treatment, longer term recovery, sober  housing, ensuring that we are moving away from overprescribing and  providing alternatives to addictive pain medication, ensuring that we  do provide our first responders with the training they need on Narcan  and naloxone, to get people who are overdosing and save their lives and  then get them into treatment--not just save their lives but get them  into treatment. All of that together will make a difference.   I believe we can turn the tide. I believe we can save lives. I  believe we cannot just save lives of those who otherwise may overdose  and die as a result of their overdose, but we can help all those who  are addicted--the hundreds of thousands of people in Ohio, the millions  of people across our country--to be able to achieve their dreams by  getting them into treatment programs.   There is good news here because there are so many examples of people  who have gone into treatment and longer term recovery and turned their  lives around, many of whom are now helping others to do the same, many  of whom are back at work, back with their families, back being the kind  of citizens who contribute to our society in so many ways. That is the  hope, and that is what can happen if we work together to implement this  legislation, to do everything possible to have this broad,  comprehensive approach to turn the tide.   