 Mr. Speaker, I direct the membership's attention to an  argument the ranking member made a couple of minutes ago where he  criticized repatriation efforts in the past. He is right; they  underperformed.   Why did they underperform?   They were a holiday. It was temporary. So we learned from that. I  wasn't around when it happened, but we have learned from that, Mr.  Speaker, and we are saying let's not do that again. Let's have a  permanent policy that unlocks American dollars that are locked out  overseas right now. Most folks think it is between $3 trillion and $4  trillion that can come back home.   Where does that come back home?   It will come to the Sixth Congressional District of Illinois. It will  go to Massachusetts. It will go to Texas. It will go to all of these  places to be reinvested.   Why?   This is a dynamic, vibrant economy that can become better. This is an  attractive place. We just need to make it better.   The other argument that he made, essentially, is: Look, is this  really going to create growth?   He is right to point out that not all tax cuts are created equal as  it relates to growth. The whole purpose, though,  [[Page H9605]]  is not simply growth. It is also tax relief.   I have got a constituency that got jammed by Democrats in the  Illinois General Assembly this year with a massive tax hike on the  middle-income folks in Illinois. They need relief. So part of this is  to offer relief.   The way that we have approached this is to say let's create this as  it relates to the investment and expensing. If you look at the Tax  Foundation and the nonpartisan work that they have done, they will tell  you, that investment that we are making--that is, throwing away  depreciation schedules and telling small businesses, if you invest, you  can write it all off in year one--that creates activity.   So, we ought to shed and shun this motion to instruct and, instead,  let's work through the normal conference process.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me give you one quick anecdote. A  manufacturer in my district told me this. They are planning to invest  $30 million in their manufacturing plant. Next year, if we do this  bill, they are not going to invest $30 million in that facility; they  are going to invest $50 million.   That is one company in one cul-de-sac in one subdivision in suburban  Chicago. If you ripple that throughout the entire economy, great things  happen.   Vote ``no'' on the motion, and let's proceed to conference.   