 Mr. Speaker, I would remind you that ``Maine is  Vacationland.'' If you have not booked your Maine vacation, there is  still plenty of time.   I would like to thank Chairman Roe, who is a Vietnam veteran himself  and a doctor, in leading us down this path for better healthcare for  our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, it was, I believe, our first Commander in Chief, George  Washington, who said, and I paraphrase, that we can never expect young  men and women in this country to step forward and fight for their  country and give us the freedom that we all enjoy unless and until we  take care of those who have already sacrificed on the battlefield. That  is what this is about.   Mr. Speaker, in our State, we have about 125,000 veterans, and we  love our veterans in the State of Maine. More than half of them are in  the Second Congressional District that I represent, which is mostly  central, down east, western, and northern Maine. Let me tell you, Mr.  Speaker, we know how to shoot straight up in Maine, and we just need to  make sure we take care of our veterans who live in rural areas.   One of the great concerns I have--and I know the chairman and others  on the committee have the same concern--is that what about if you are a  veteran that lives far away from a medical hospital, a veterans  hospital. In the State of Maine, we have one veterans hospital. It is  called Togus. It is the first VA hospital in the country--about 150  years old--and it was put together first to take care of those who have  served on the battlefield in the Civil War.   In northern Maine, you might live in Fort Kent or Van Buren or  Madawaska and be a 5-hour drive away from Togus. If you are not feeling  well, it is February and the snow is blowing sideways, it might be  really tough to get down to Togus. That is why this Choice Program is  so important. It allows our veterans who live far away from medical  facilities to get their treatment close to home. This is something that  I am a huge advocate of, and it is something we need to keep doing.   Now, one more thing I want to mention if I may, Mr. Speaker, is that  we all know that veterans heal better with other veterans. We are not  in any way trying to replace the veterans' facilities. We have  healthcare facilities in this country. But the Choice Program allows us  to augment that care through the Choice Program where they are able to  go to private facilities.   Now, this emergency funding is absolutely critical. It will extend  this program for 6 months instead of letting it run out of money in 3  weeks. It also includes something that is highly important. I am so  grateful to the chairman for including it. It includes the ability to  authorize a lease in Portland, Maine, for a brand-new, state-of-the- art, if you will, VA facility, a CBOC facility, an outpatient facility,  that will serve about 4,000 veterans in the State of Maine.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia). The time of  the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Chellie Pingree from  the First District of the State of Maine. I represent the Second  District.   I encourage everyone in this body, Republicans and Democrats, to  please take care of our veterans. Please vote for S. 114 to renew the  authorization in the emergency fund for the Choice Program.   