 Mr. President, I rise, as did the Senator from Georgia,  in support of the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be Secretary of  the VA.   First, I wish to take this opportunity to thank Senator Isakson for  his leadership of the Veterans' Affairs Committee and throughout this  confirmation process--and throughout the many processes--as chair of  the committee.   Look, I think it is critically important that we have a Secretary of  the VA to serve our veterans. I think Dr. Shulkin is the perfect person  for that position. The solutions to the VA's problems should be based  on common sense rather than partisanship or an extreme agenda. I think  Dr. Shulkin recognizes that. He is committed to our Nation's veterans  above all. Through the conversations I have had with him over the last  year and a half, I think he understands the challenges ahead of us in  the VA.   The Choice Program, for example, which has been a wreck by anybody's  standards, is looming with dramatic funding shortfalls and is a program  we need to work on here in Congress--and we will on the Senate  Veterans' Affairs Committee--to fix, and I think Dr. Shulkin is on top  of it.   I have many letters from veterans across Montana about how the Choice  Program has not worked. It is not that it isn't a good idea. When we  passed it, we all agreed that it was a good idea. But it needs to be  changed to fix the needs of our veterans and make it more workable.   One other thing is a big problem, and that is the workforce problem  we have within the VA. The hiring freeze has made this problem even  worse. We all talk about the backlog, and the backlog is real. But we  need to make sure the VA has the people they need to serve the veterans  in this country, whether reducing that backlog or whether it is making  sure they get the care they need.   Finally, and Johnny talked about this: privatization. He has  reassured me he will oppose efforts to privatize the VA. Typically,  this isn't a problem, but the administration has talked about it  extensively. I think it would  [[Page S1122]]  be a path that is reckless for our veterans, and I think the veterans  service organizations would tell us that.   Again, I express my support for the nomination of Dr. Shulkin to be  VA Secretary. I believe he will stand up for our veterans. I believe he  will put them above politics.   Moving forward, I look forward to working with him and other Members  in this body to make sure we serve our veterans the best we possibly  can. Our veterans deserve no less.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back.   The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back.   The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back.   The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back.   The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has been yielded back.   The Senator from Georgia.   