 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from  the Virgin Islands, my good colleague and good friend. I thank her  sincerely.   Last summer when speaking to the African-American community at a  rally in Philadelphia, President Trump asked the question: What do you  have to lose? Yes, he asked that question: What do you have to lose?   President Trump, what don't we have to lose? The programs the  President wants to cut is the Community Development Block Grant, Meals  on Wheels, and funding for Medicaid. There are programs that help  combat poverty by providing the resources for better schools and food  nutritional programs. These are the programs that help provide for the  most vulnerable Americans who are fighting every day to try to get  ahead.    What do we have to lose? Look at what the Republicans are trying to  do with the Affordable Care Act. They say they want to cut costs and  cover more Americans, but their plan doesn't do that. It does the  opposite.   Take, for example, how they want to change the core structure of  Medicare. They want to shift the Medicare from an open-ended  entitlement program to one with a limited lens that does not take into  account individual needs on a case-by-case basis.   What do we have to lose? All of the investments we have made to try  to stabilize our cities, the budget cuts will have a direct impact.  Take, for example, Temple University Hospital in the heart of the  Second Congressional District. Temple University Hospital stands to  lose $45 million in funding. This translates into less jobs for our  city and reduces the capacity of quality patient care. The President's  proposal takes our city backwards. It unravels all of our hard work to  make our communities more stable.   What do we have to lose? Everything that builds a brighter future for  our neighborhoods, block by block. It is time step up, speak up, and  speak out to hold our President accountable.   President Trump, we have a lot to lose. We are going to make sure you  hear our message and our voice.   