 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this  legislation. I want to commend Chairman Frelinghuysen and Mrs. Lowey  for a job well done.   Mr. Speaker, the most important point that I think I could make for  many in this Chamber is that if you reject this omnibus spending bill  that you all put together during the year, the alternative is a  continuing resolution for the balance of the year which will put into  effect the spending priorities of the previous administration. The  Obama plan will still be in effect if you reject this omnibus bill. For  many of us, that is the most important point that we could make.  [[Page H3291]]    Now, Mr. Speaker, this comprehensive bill responsibly funds key  government programs through the rest of the fiscal year. As the battle  against ISIS continues, funding for both defense and diplomacy must be  a part of our national security framework.   Along with strategic increases for the Department of Defense, the  omnibus includes critical funding for the Department of State and  Foreign Operations. Protecting our diplomats abroad is a top priority,  and the bill provides $6.1 billion to carry out that mission. The  legislation also upholds our commitments to key international allies  like Israel and Jordan and establishes a new $100 million fund to  support nations facing Russian aggression.   We continue funding for global health, and humanitarian aid, and  famine relief, including a new rapid response fund for emerging  infectious diseases. And the bill dedicates significant resources to  stop drug trafficking along our southern border with robust  counternarcotic and law enforcement efforts in Mexico, Central America,  and Colombia.   No funds are provided for either the Green Climate Fund or the U.N.  panel on climate change, and funding for the U.N. is reduced by $640  million.   While national security is a key tenet of this legislation, the  omnibus also promotes economic growth at home, particularly in my  Kentucky district. Coal country came under siege under President Obama,  with an onslaught of job-killing regulations. Our communities are  working hard to recover, after losing nearly 12,000 mining jobs.   In addition to rolling back several anticoal regulations, the bill  permanently provides healthcare benefits to retired coal miners and  their families. This gives the people who powered our Nation for  generations the peace of mind that they deserve.   The bill also provides Kentucky with $25 million to continue the  Abandoned Mine Land Pilot Program, which creates jobs by reclaiming  abandoned mine land for economic development. The Appalachian Regional  Commission receives historic funding. With the $152 million  appropriated, $10 million is dedicated to high-speed broadband cable in  our region. EDA is also provided with $30 million to revitalize the  coalfields.   In addition to creating jobs, this bill builds on our progress to  combat drug abuse. Like Operation UNITE in my district, we take a  holistic approach to fund a comprehensive Federal response. An increase  of $781 million is provided for fighting the opioid epidemic, including  treatment, and prevention, and law enforcement. This bill, Mr. Speaker,  will save lives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote. I commend the chairman and the  ranking member for the great work they have put together in passing  what is important to this Nation.   