 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation?    What is the time of the vote?    Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the  nomination of Heather Wilson to be the next Secretary of the U.S. Air  Force.   Dr. Wilson is a proven leader and a dedicated public servant. She is  a distinguished graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and Oxford  University, where she earned master's and doctorate degrees as a Rhodes  Scholar. If confirmed, Dr. Wilson will be the first Air Force Academy  graduate in history to serve as Secretary of the Air Force.   Dr. Wilson served 7 years as an Air Force officer. During the Cold  War, she served in the United Kingdom and at the U.S. Mission to NATO  in Brussels. As the Cold War came to an end, she served on the National  Security Council staff under President George H.W. Bush, working on  issues concerning NATO and arms control.   Dr. Wilson later moved west to marry her husband, Jay, who is also an  Air Force veteran. After a few years in the private sector, Dr. Wilson  once again answered the call to service, first as the head of the New  Mexico Child Welfare Department and later as a Member of the U.S. House  of Representatives.   In Congress, Dr. Wilson was the leading voice on national security.  She took on the tough issues, from surveillance programs to sexual  assault at the Air Force Academy, and she earned the deepest respect of  her colleagues on Capitol Hill, including mine.   For the last 4 years, Dr. Wilson has been the president of the South  Dakota School of Mines, enhancing its reputation as a premier  engineering, science, and research institution.   Now America's Air Force needs her leadership.   The next Secretary will lead America's Air Force in confronting the  most diverse and complex array of global crises since the end of World  War II. The world is on fire, and now more than ever our Nation is  counting on the global vigilance, global reach, and global power that  are the hallmarks of the U.S. Air Force capabilities.   The next Secretary will also inherit the oldest, smallest, and least  ready Air Force in its history. Twenty-five years of continuous  deployments, troubled acquisition programs, and frequent aircraft  divestments have aged and shrunk the Air Force's inventory. The  combination of relentless operational tempo and the self-inflicted  wounds of the Budget Control Act and sequestration have depleted  readiness. Meanwhile, potential adversaries are rapidly shrinking  America's technological advantage and holding our aircraft at greater  risk over greater distances.    In short, we have asked a lot of our Air Force over the last 25  years, and the demands placed on the service continue to grow. Congress  has only added to the problems with the Budget Control Act and  sequestration. We are placing an unnecessary and dangerous burden on  the backs of our airmen, and we cannot change course soon enough.   We owe our airmen the resources, equipment, and training they need to  succeed. We also owe them proven leadership. That is why the Senate  should confirm Dr. Wilson to be the next Secretary of the Air Force.  From the Air Force Academy to the Air Force, to the National Security  Council, to the House of Representatives, Dr. Wilson has proven herself  as a leader. She understands the missions of the Air Force and the  capabilities it brings to the defense of our Nation. I am confident she  will uphold the Air Force's core values: integrity first, service  before self, and excellence in all the Air Force does.   Heather Wilson is the right person to lead the Air Force to a  stronger future, and I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.   Mr. President, I yield back all time.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   