 Mr. Chairman, ugly is ugly.   This is an ugly budget, and it exists primarily to be a vehicle for  tax cuts for the already fortunate, the top 1 or 2 percent in America,  at the expense of everybody else. It will hemorrhage red ink for as far  as the eye can see.   That is not a theory. That is what happened in the previous massive  tax cuts, both under Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.   Let me give you one example of the ruinous aspects of this budget,  and it has to do with Federal employees.   This budget cuts Federal employee compensation and benefits by  another $163 billion over the next 10 years, $32 billion of which is  included in reconciliation and instructions which I sought to strike  with an amendment submitted to the Rules Committee that was not  allowed.   The Republican cuts include higher retirement contributions;  elimination of the FERS supplement, which law enforcement retirees  heavily benefit  [[Page H7788]]  from; lower annuities by changing the retirement calculation and  reduced healthcare benefits; a 10 percent reduction in the Federal  workforce at nonsecurity agencies, even though nearly all of the  workforce increases, since 2001, occurred in security-related agencies.   The Federal workforce provides vital services to our Nation. It  includes those who patrol and secure our borders, protect us from  terrorists, take care of our veterans, help run our airports, counter  cybersecurity attacks, find cures for deadly diseases, and keep our  food supply safe. Veterans make up 31 percent of those Federal  employees.   Federal employee pay and benefits are not the cause of this country's  deficit and debt. The Federal workforce has already contributed nearly  $200 billion toward reducing the country's deficit in the form of pay  freezes, pay raises insufficient to keep pace with inflation,  furloughs, and increased retirement contributions.   We should honor and revere the service of our Federal workforce, not  denigrate it with the attacks included in this ugly budget.   