 Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and colleague from  Minnesota, Congressman Peterson, for yielding this time.   It is clear, I think, for everybody in this Chamber to know how  devastating the fires have been, not only in California over the last  recent weeks but throughout the West, and it has been this way for  several years.   It is long overdue for Congress to address the many issues facing our  forests under Federal management, and that is what this legislation  attempts to do.   Years of mismanagement have contributed to the rise of catastrophic  wildfires, not only in my home State of California but throughout the  West. The heart of the problem is simple: money that Congress has  allocated to prevent wildfires has been used instead to put them out.   Now, there are other factors involved as well to be sure, but for  years what we have done with densely overgrown forests that need  managing is we have set ourselves up to allow these densely overgrown  forests to be the subject of very destructive fires if something should  go wrong; and, of course, we have lightning strikes and we have other  natural conditions that cause these fires.   This year alone, the United States Forest Service has spent about  $2.4 billion on putting out fires and has transferred nearly $576  million from management activities. These management activities would  go to thinning the forests and to allow for better overall growth. This  would be a preventive means to decrease the ability of these fires to  grow.   I have concerns with some of the provisions in this legislation and  believe it can be improved with some modifications, specifically to the  way fire borrowing is addressed and the size of categorical exemptions  under public disclosure laws, but this is a work in progress, and we  can deal with that.   Let me be clear. We must reform the way our Federal forests are  managed, particularly the impacts as a result of the changing climate  that we have and as it becomes more pronounced, such as drought  conditions.   The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Chairman, the benefits of improved management will not  only help with wildfire suppression, putting out these fires, but it  will benefit the environment. With more effective management, healthier  headwaters will provide for an estimated increased water supply of  300,000 acre-feet of additional water--that is significant, certainly  in a State like California--and improved water quality downstream.   In closing, I urge my colleagues to work together to improve this  legislation before it is sent to the Senate for consideration, because  it is very clear in recent weeks, in recent months, and over the last 2  years that the status quo is unsustainable. We must do a better job in  managing our forests.   