 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 289, I  call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) making further continuing  appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, and ask  for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 99.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today to present H.J. Res. 99, a short-term continuing  resolution that will keep our government open for an additional week  while work is completed on a full-year funding package.   First, I would like to thank Ranking Member Lowey for her efforts on  this bill and, more broadly, on her valuable participation in the  appropriations process over many years.   Our current continuing resolution expires today at midnight. Working  together with the Senate, our leadership, and the White House, we are  on track to have a full-year, fiscal year 2017 appropriations  legislation completed soon, but we need a little more time to process  it and prepare it for the floor.   This resolution will ensure that the government stays open for  another week, until May 5, 2017, to give Congress additional time. It  extends current funding levels for essential government operations that  the American people rely on, including, most importantly, our national  defense.   It continues all policy and funding provisions in the currently  enacted continuing resolution. In addition, it includes an extension of  the December CR provision for healthcare benefits for retired coal  miners and their dependents for the length of the continuing  resolution.   Congress must pass this legislation today to keep the government open  and operating as we wrap up our full-year fiscal year 2017 work. It is  our constitutional duty and responsibility.   A continuing resolution is never anyone's first choice for funding  the government; however, this is our best path forward. This CR is very  short term, very limited in scope, and will help us complete our  important work of funding the government for the rest of fiscal year  2017.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   