 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to make a simple request of  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. When it comes to the tax  legislation that Republican colleagues are rushing through Congress,  please stop, slow down, and let's start over together.   We need real tax reform with clear policy goals that will make our  Nation more competitive, not a partisan attempt to pass something-- anything--that can get 51 Republican votes in the Senate. Our shared  policy goals should be making the Tax Code fairer, simpler, and  fiscally responsible. If we can achieve these goals, that would be real  tax reform.   If we worked together, we could take long overdue steps and build a  tax code that lets working families in Michigan and across the country  keep more of their hard-earned money, levels the playing field for our  small businesses, and keeps good jobs here at home in the United  States. Fairer, simpler, responsible--those are three key points making  a tax code that works. If we don't start over, I am afraid the current  tax legislation will fail on all three accounts.   First, this tax legislation is not fair. It dramatically moves toward  benefiting the wealthiest people in this Nation, with only a little  sliver of the benefits going to working-class families.   The Republican tax bill was clearly written to cut rates for CEOs and  large corporations and treats the middle class like an afterthought. I  would argue that working Americans who are struggling with stagnant  wages--while the cost of prescription drugs, college, and housing  continue to rise--need tax cuts that are built around them.   Instead, we are looking at a Republican tax plan that repeals the  alternative minimum tax--a fail-safe designed specifically to make sure  that wealthy Americans cannot deduct their way to paying nothing in  taxes. From what little we have seen of President Trump's tax returns,  we know that the AMT--the alternative minimum tax--is the only reason  he paid income taxes at all. The Republican bill will eliminate the  AMT, and President Trump and folks like him will receive a huge  windfall and may not have to pay any taxes at all--zero.   Wall Street loves this bill, too, because hedge funds will continue  to be taxed at lower rates than small businesses in our local  communities. This means many hedge fund managers making millions of  dollars will have a lower tax rate than an office assistant working at  their firm. Simply put, this proposal fails on the test of making the  Tax Code fairer.   I also believe this effort fails on the test of making the code  simpler. For small business owners back in Michigan, they want to spend  their time doing what they know best, which is running their business,  not spending days or weeks trying to figure out the taxes they owe.  But, as many of my colleagues in the Finance Committee have pointed out  throughout this week, the provisions for a small business passthrough  serve only to make a complicated tax code even more complicated--yes,  even more complicated.   Expert analysis says that the passthrough provisions will require  years of rulemakings and thousands of pages of additional rules and  regulations. As a small business owner, unless your hobby is studying  the Internal Revenue Code, this bill is going to make your life a whole  lot more difficult.   Finally, on the last test, the test of whether or not this bill is  responsible, this proposal fails miserably. Writing responsible tax  legislation means making hard choices--closing loopholes and balancing  out the pros and cons of any action.   Congress has the responsibility to take seriously the threat of a  growing national debt, and we have to think about this when changing  our Tax Code. But instead of working to reduce our debt, which we are  passing on to our children and grandchildren, this proposal actually  adds more than $1 trillion to our deficit. And it would be even more  expensive, but in a haphazard attempt to limit the cost, the majority  has put forward a bill where hundreds of millions of dollars of  provisions that middle-class families could use to reduce their taxes  expire at random times over the next few years.   When you add it all up and factor in the additional interest costs to  carry this new debt, you have a proposal that adds over $2 trillion to  the Federal debt, according to the nonpartisan Committee for a  Responsible Federal Budget. It is wildly irresponsible to pile on this  debt to finance a tax break for the wealthiest people in this country,  but it doesn't have to be that way.   Tax reform can be bipartisan. The goal of tax reform must be fairer,  simpler, and responsible. This isn't just idealism or wishful thinking.  We have seen it happen before. When Ronald Reagan worked with Congress  to pass tax reform in 1986, the bill received 97 votes in the U.S.  Senate--yes, 97 votes. That is the sort of bipartisan approach we need,  and we need to start working on that now.   Michiganders--and all Americans--deserve a tax code that is fairer,  simpler, and more responsible, not more multinational corporate  giveaways and more debt.   I will not stop fighting for hard-working American families and small  businesses who deserve to see more take-home pay, and I hope my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join me.  [[Page S7282]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   