 Mr. Speaker, look, I miss the Science Committee, and  I know I have been banned, and I have had a lot of coffee today. I was  going to come up to the microphone and sort of do the blast away, but  let me back away.   A number of things I have heard in this debate from the left and even  a couple of the things from my side, okay, you are conflating all sorts  of things that this bill doesn't do. This bill is three pages.   So can I ask a question? If I came to you right now and said, ``Tell  me that the EPA actually has the right rule sets for hydrocarbons, if  it has the right rule set for PM10, it has the right rule sets for  ozone,'' you would say, ``Well, I have a peer-reviewed study that says  this.'' I want to make the argument, in today's technology, why  [[Page H2546]]  shouldn't your university, why shouldn't the really smart person who  has the computer system in their basement, why shouldn't the new  statistical packages that are on these things be allowed to take the  data the taxpayers have paid for and work it and model it and bounce it  off other types of datasets and ask is the way we model and regulate  rational?   This bill doesn't reduce regulations. In many ways, it allows us all  to participate in the citizen science to understand whether we are  doing it the right way.   Why is the left so scared of citizen scientists, of university  scientists, of people who are just darned interested in the matching of  different types of datasets?   You and I might find out we are doing things the wrong way. You and I  might find out we are not doing enough. You and I may find out we are  doing far too much. But stop being afraid of people having access to  the information. If society is going to live under a regulatory  environment, then society deserves access to the information that  creates those regulations.   Public information for public policy, why is that so feared? Why is  there so much trust in the bureaucracy instead of science and  information?   I want to argue with you that, in today's world, when we are on the  cusp, where sensors are going to be attached to this, taking thousands  of readings in our communities, that that information is just as noble  as something that is locked up in the cabinet where none of us can  actually see the base datasets.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion.    Mr. Speaker, I don't really know the gentleman from  Virginia, but you can hear in the tone of his voice he is truly well- meaning and cares about his State and his population.  [[Page H2547]]    If you actually read this motion to recommit, things in here, such as  best available science, are obvious. If you actually read the three  pages of the legislation, that is the obvious part. For many of us--and  being sort of the original previous generation author of the bill--that  was our goal.   But does anyone see sort of the intellectual duplicity when, on one  hand, you say proprietary science, and then--the best available  science, but other science can't test, stress, analyze, bounce,  conflate, model the proprietary science, because it is proprietary,  with the best available and other datasets?   You can't have both. If you are going to try to make public policy in  a world with functionally secret, proprietary science data that is  sold--actually, let's be brutally honest here for a moment. This stuff  is sold to the EPA.   One of the reasons some of the groups that have been listed off  oppose this legislation is they make money selling the data, and then  they make it so you can't actually look at the datasets underneath and  test it.   How does that lead us to knowing that we are taking care of our  brothers and sisters out there? How does that lead us to actually  knowing we are doing it the best possible, most rational way and that  our rules, our mechanics are correct?   On your motion to recommit, I am a severe asthmatic. I have had it  since I was an infant. I am one of those people who wakes up every day  and takes a hit of my inhaler to make sure my lungs are okay. In the  back room, I have an emergency inhaler. I know what it is like to live  with asthma.   I care tremendously about the science, but I also want there to be  vigorous debate. I want there to be all sorts of research. I want there  to be this sort of crowd-sourced world where science and data are  competing with each other and being modeled together; and living in a  world where we trust the bureaucracy, where we trust proprietary,  secret information to make our rule sets.   I don't know how anyone, intellectually, can get to the point of  thinking that is making our society healthier and that we are actually  doing it in the most efficient manner possible.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   