 Mr. President, civilian control of our military is one of  the bedrock principles of American self-government. The National  Security Act of 1947, U.S.C. Title 10 Section 113(a), stipulates that  an individual ``may not be appointed as Secretary of Defense within  seven years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of  a regular component of an armed force.'' President-Elect Donald Trump's  choice of retired U.S. Marine Corps General James N. Mattis violates  that provision since he has only been out of the uniform for 3 years;  thus, Congress will need to pass a waiver so that he can serve if  confirmed.   I have considered this issue carefully, and I have listened to Gen.  Mattis's testimony earlier today before the Senate Armed Services  Committee. I believe Gen. Mattis is committed to the principle of  civilian control of the military. I was reassured by his testimony this  morning, and I will vote to grant the waiver. There is a precedent: in  1950, the Senate voted to confirm General George C. Marshall's as  Secretary of Defense, despite the fact that he had been retired for  only 5 years. Former Secretaries of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld, Robert  M. Gates, and Leon E. Panetta have expressed bipartisan support for  Gen. Mattis. I am willing to vote for the waiver, as long as one  nomination does not turn into a trend. There are particular times and  circumstances in which granting the waiver may be appropriate, but the  bedrock principle of civilian control of our military must not be  eroded.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose changing the law to allow a  recently retired general to serve as Secretary of Defense. While I  admire Gen, Mattis and I am grateful for his decades of service to our  Nation, I believe that, except in a national emergency, we should abide  by the longstanding principle of civilian control of the military  enshrined in the National Security Act.   Civilian control of the military is a fundamental tenet of our  American democracy. It was in Annapolis, MD that General George  Washington resigned his military commission in 1783, after leading the  Continental Army to secure America's independence. Washington believed  that our new Nation could survive only with civilian leadership. Five  years later, Washington returned to serve the Nation, as a civilian, as  our first President. George Washington's example has been embodied in  the statutory requirements of the National Security Act.  [[Page S303]]    George C. Marshall, nominated by President Truman in 1950, was the  only Secretary of Defense for whom Congress enacted an exception. In  enacting the exception for General Marshall, Congress expressly  emphasized that:   ``the authority granted by this Act is not to be construed as  approval by the Congress of continuing appointments of military men to  the office of Secretary of Defense in the future. It is hereby  expressed as the sense of the Congress that after General Marshall  leaves the office of secretary of defense, no additional appointments  of military men to that office shall be approved.''   Congress should not cavalierly disregard the principle of civilian  leadership of our military. I have no doubt that President-Elect Trump  was briefed on the National Security Act's requirement, but chose to  proceed notwithstanding the law and our Nation's tradition. President- Elect Trump's lack of regard for this law and the principle of civilian  control of the military should be a matter of concern.   Our Founders' emphasis on civilian leadership distinguished the young  United States from the other nations of the time. It remains an  important bulwark of our democracy today.   My vote today is not against Gen. Mattis. It is a vote to uphold an  important principle of our American democracy. Should Congress vote to  waive this law at this moment in time, I will review the nomination of  Gen. Mattis on its individual merits.   