 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Dr. Scott Gottlieb to lead the Food and Drug  Administration.   The FDA Commissioner is our Nation's pharmaceutical gatekeeper, but  for years the FDA has granted unfettered access to Big Pharma and its  addictive opioid painkillers to the American public. The result is a  prescription drug, heroin, and fentanyl epidemic of tragic proportions  and the greatest public health crisis our Nation currently faces.   At a time when we need its leader to break the stronghold of big  pharmaceutical companies on the FDA, Dr. Scott Gottlieb would be  nothing more than an agent of Big Pharma. Dr. Gottlieb's record shows  that he doesn't support using the tools that the FDA has at its  disposal to minimize the risks to public health from the misuse of  prescription opioids.   The current opioid epidemic is a man-made problem. It was born out of  the greed of big pharmaceutical companies and aided by the FDA, which  willfully green-lighted supercharged painkillers like OxyContin. But,  in order for us to understand this public health emergency and the  critical role that leadership at the FDA has played and will continue  to play in this crisis, we need a brief history lesson. We need to  understand where these opioids come from.   In 1898, a German chemist introduced heroin to the world--a  reproduction of an earlier form of morphine believed to be  nonaddictive. The name ``heroin'' was derived from the German word  ``heroisch,'' which means ``heroic.'' That is how men described the way  they felt after taking the new drug.   In the first decade of the 20th century, doctors were led to believe  that heroin was nonaddictive and prescribed it for many ailments. But  heroin addiction soon became prevalent, so the government began to  regulate its use, including arresting doctors who prescribed it to  those who were already  [[Page S2824]]  addicted, and the medical community began to stop prescribing it.  Inevitably, the addicted turned to illegal markets to feed their  dependence.   Wariness toward prescribing opioid-based painkillers for anything  other than terminal illnesses continued through the 20th century, all  the way up until the late 1970s and the early 1980s. At that time, the  international debate broke out on pain management. The question was  asked: Was it inhumane to allow patients to suffer needlessly through  pain when opioid-based medications were available?   Many advocates for increased use of painkillers pointed to a 1980  letter to the New England Journal of Medicine, which concluded that  only 1 percent of patients who were prescribed opiate-based painkillers  became addicted to their medication. Known as the Porter and Jick  letter because it was named after the two Boston researchers who  conducted the research and authored the letter, it fueled a belief that  opiate-based prescription drugs were not addictive. It was a belief  that began to permeate the medical community.   But there was a problem with Porter and Jick's conclusions. They had  only collected data on patients who were receiving inpatient care. As  you can imagine, the percentage of patients who became addicted to  opiates while in the hospital was only a tiny fraction of the patients  who received opiate prescription drugs in an outpatient setting.   But the medical community was not the only group espousing theories  that opiates were not addictive. With the FDA's 1995 approval of the  original OxyContin, the original sin of the opiate crisis, we can  literally point to the starting point of this epidemic. The FDA  approved the original version of OxyContin, an extended-release opioid,  and believed that it ``would result in less abuse potential since the  drug would be absorbed slowly and there would not be an immediate  `rush' or high that would promote abuse.''   In 1996, Purdue Pharma brought OxyContin to the market, earning the  company $48 million in sales just that year alone. Purdue Pharma  claimed OxyContin was nonaddictive and couldn't be abused, and the FDA  agreed. Neither of those claims turned out to be true.   Purdue Pharma built a massive marketing and sales program for  OxyContin. From 1996 to 2000, Purdue Pharma's sales force more than  doubled, from 318 to 671 sales representatives. In 2001 alone, Purdue  gave out $40 million in sales bonuses to its burgeoning sales force.  These sales representatives then targeted healthcare providers who were  more willing to prescribe opioid painkillers.   As a result of these sales and marketing efforts from 1997 to 2002,  OxyContin prescriptions increased almost tenfold, from 670,000 in 1997  to 6.2 million prescriptions in 2002.   Then, in 2007, Purdue Pharma paid $600 million in fines and other  payments after pleading guilty in Federal court to misleading  regulators, doctors, and patients about the risks of addiction to  OxyContin and its potential for abuse. The company's president, top  lawyer, and former chief medical officer also pled guilty to criminal  misdemeanor charges and paid $34 million in fines.   In many cases, the FDA approved so-called ``abuse-deterrent''  opioids, despite warnings from the medical community about the  potential for abuse. And when it wasn't turning a blind eye to the  warnings of experts, the FDA simply didn't engage them at all in  approval of opioids with abuse-deterrent properties. With numerous  approvals of so-called abuse-deterrent opioids in 2010, the agency  convened advisory committees of outside experts for less than half of  them.   Mr. President, I note the presence of the minority leader on the  floor. At this time I ask unanimous consent to suspend this portion of  my statement and to return to it when the minority leader has concluded  speaking to the Senate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I thank our leader for his great  leadership on all of these national security and healthcare issues. I  think he has injected some common sense into how the American people  should be viewing each and every one of those very important issues.  His national leadership is greatly appreciated.   Let me turn now and yield to the great Senator from the State of New  Hampshire, where this opioid epidemic has hit hardest of all, Senator  Hassan.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I thank Senator Hassan for all of her great leadership as Governor of  New Hampshire and now the Senator from New Hampshire. The epidemic has  hit New Hampshire very hard, harder than any other place. Her  leadership is absolutely outstanding. I thank her for all of her  leadership on this nomination as well.   As we look at this issue, we realize that a whole epidemic was being  created, but that epidemic was being created because of approvals of  ``abuse-deterrent'' opioids since 2010. I put ``abuse-deterrent'' in  quotes because it was extremely deceptive because too many people felt  ``abuse-deterrent'' meant they could not ultimately become addicted to  the medicine. The damage has now been done. The prescription painkiller  abuse became rampant across the country. We had become the United  States of Oxy, and the opioid issue was well on its way to becoming an  opioid epidemic because when those who were addicted to Oxy could no  longer afford $60 for a 60-milligram pill, they opted for low-priced  heroin, which is why we should not be surprised that of those  individuals who began abusing heroin in the 2000s, 75 percent reported  that their first opioid was a prescription drug.   Taking advantage of the new demand for heroin, an incredibly  sophisticated network of drug traffickers from Mexico set up franchises  in the United States, and now they are responsible for nearly half of  this Nation's heroin supply and are branching out from large urban  areas into our suburbs. These systems collided in a perfect storm that  has caused the epidemic we are experiencing today: the overprescription  of opioid painkillers that were approved by the FDA, the over-the-top  sales and marketing programs by a deceptive and deep-pocketed  pharmaceutical giant that went unimpeded for years, and an  overabundance of heroin flowing into the United States from Mexico and  South America. All of that has led us here.   We know that nationally opioid overdoses kill more people than gun  violence or auto accidents. Every single day in America, we lose more  than 91 people to an opioid-related overdose. Nationally, nearly half  of all opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid that was  approved by the FDA and often prescribed by a physician. In  Massachusetts, in 2016, 2,000 people died from an opioid overdose.   Who is the typical victim of an opioid overdose? Who is the typical  substance abuser? The answer is that there is none. This epidemic does  not discriminate on the basis of age or gender or race or ethnicity or  economic status. It does not care if you live in a city or in the  suburbs. It does not care if you have a white-collar or a blue-collar  job. The 50-year-old White male attorney is just as likely to become  addicted to prescription drugs or heroin as the 22-year-old Latina  waitress. Opioid addiction is an equal opportunity destroyer of lives.   Those addicted to opiates are too often stealing from their friends,  their families and neighbors, or complete strangers to fuel their  addiction. Cars are broken into, and valuable stereo systems are left  intact, while a few dollars in change are stolen. Homes are broken  into, and flat-screen television sets remain untouched, while  children's piggy banks go missing.   The impacts of opioid addiction are also causing immeasurable harm to  the families of those in the unbreakable grip of opioids. Too often, I  hear the stories of parents who have drained their entire life savings  to provide the treatment and recovery programs necessary to beat this  addiction. Many times, it results in bankruptcy filings that were  unimaginable only a few short years ago.   The opioid crisis is robbing people of their friends and their  families. It is robbing them of their livelihood. It is robbing them of  their freedom as they look out from behind prison bars. All too often,  it is robbing them of their lives.   If we don't act now, we could lose an entire generation of people. As  this opioid crisis explodes in my State of Massachusetts and in every  State in the country, we need an FDA leader who will understand that  universal healthcare does not mean that every American should have  access to a bottle of prescription opioids.   Last year, more than 33,000 mothers, fathers, children, and loved  ones were robbed of their potential when they died of an opioid  overdose, but Dr. Scott Gottlieb has openly questioned the value of the  Drug Enforcement Administration's enforcement against doctors and  pharmacists to prevent prescription opioids from entering the illicit  market. The DEA is our prescription drug cop on the beat, but Dr.  Gottlieb wants to give that role to bureaucrats at the Department of  Health and Human Services, an agency that has consistently failed at  any kind of enforcement.   At the same time, Dr. Gottlieb has also publicly stated his  opposition to the FDA's risk plans, so called REMS--meaning risk  evaluation and mitigation strategies--for the use of these opioids.  That is what is used to address the safety of opioid painkillers. These  vital tools that the FDA has to manage the risk should be made  stronger, but Dr. Gottlieb argues that they should not exist at all.  Risk evaluation and mitigation strategies--he says they should not  exist at all. With the overwhelming majority of heroin users reporting  that their addiction began with prescription opioids, Dr. Gottlieb  believes drug safety does not need strong oversight. That is simply  irresponsible.   We are suffering this public health epidemic because Big Pharma  pushed pills they knew were dangerous and addictive. The FDA approved  them, often without expert counsel, and doctors, because they do not  have mandatory education on these drugs, prescribed them to innocent  families all across our country. It is a vicious and deadly cycle that  has turned this Nation into the United States of Oxy, and it must stop.   Dr. Gottlieb's Big Pharma formula is simple: Take away the DEA  oversight over prescription opioids and give that authority to the FDA.  Then, at the same time, limit the FDA's ability to utilize its full  oversight authority over these addictive products. That would leave a  mostly unregulated marketplace for big pharmaceutical companies and  their opioid painkillers to thrive, while American families pay the  highest price they can: the life of someone in their family.   Perhaps most alarming is Dr. Gottlieb's connection to a specific  pharmaceutical company called Cephalon. Last month, a Washington Post  story was published that detailed Dr. Gottlieb's work on behalf of one  company, Cephalon, to raise the amount of the addictive opioid fentanyl  that the company could market at the same time the prescription  painkiller epidemic was exploding. The Washington Post story detailed  how Dr. Gottlieb advocated for the DEA--the Drug Enforcement  Administration--to raise the quota of fentanyl that Cephalon could  manufacture and put on the market, even while the company was under  investigation for pushing doctors to prescribe the addictive painkiller  for headaches and back pain when it was meant for late-stage cancer  patients.  [[Page S2827]]    These aggressive and off-label promotion tactics were out of the  Perdue Pharma playbook that got us into this opioid crisis in the first  place.   Cephalon ultimately pleaded guilty in 2008 to illegally promoting the  fentanyl drug and paid a $425 million fine. This relationship is deeply  disturbing.   Dr. Gottlieb seems to believe that pharmaceutical profits are more  important than the public's health. When the prescription opioid  epidemic was taking deadly hold, Dr. Gottlieb advocated to put even  more addictive fentanyl onto the market when it was not appropriate or  necessary.   Dr. Gottlieb said during his confirmation hearing that the FDA  unwittingly fueled the opioid epidemic, but he is guilty of  intentionally pushing an addictive prescription opioid onto the  American public just to benefit one company instead of working to  prevent this massive public health crisis. Dr. Gottlieb's actions could  have made the opioid crisis worse.   Serious questions remain about Dr. Gottlieb's association with  Cephalon, which was fined hundreds of millions of dollars for violating  FDA rules.   After his tenure at the FDA, Scott Gottlieb was then hired by a law  firm as an expert witness used to defend the actions of Cephalon in  court.   In advance of this floor vote, I and a group of other Senators  questioned Dr. Gottlieb on this work and the extent of his historical  and financial relationship with Cephalon, but we received nothing that  shed any light on his relationship with the company.   We cannot have a leader at the FDA who has worked on behalf of a  company that aided and abetted the prescription drug and heroin  epidemic.   Sadly, Dr. Gottlieb is yet another example of President Trump's lack  of commitment to address the opioid crisis. President Trump believes  that if we just build a border wall, well, we will end this opioid  crisis.   We don't need a wall, President Trump, we need treatment.   President Trump's support for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act  and the legislation the House passed just last week means coverage for  opioid-use disorders for 2.8 million people could be ripped  away. President Trump has proposed slashing the research budget of the  National Institutes of Health by 18 percent, undercutting our ability  to better understand addiction and come up with alternative, less  addictive pain medication.    If President Trump and his Republican allies are committed to  combating the opioid crisis, they should release their plan for  addressing this crisis, including committing to quickly release the  remaining $500 million authorized last year in the 21st Century Cures  Act, and plan for investing more Federal dollars into understanding,  preventing, and treating this debilitating disease of addiction. The  crisis is wearing families down to the bone and we need to give them  hope. That is what a comprehensive strategy to address this crisis is  all about, and strong leadership at the FDA is a critical component of  any plan.   We need the FDA to be a tough cop on the beat, not a rubberstamp  approving the latest big pharma painkillers that are the cause of this  deadly scourge of addiction in overdoses. We need to stop the  overprescription of pain medication that is leading to heroin addiction  and fueling this crisis. The United States has less than 5 percent of  the world population, but we consume 80 percent of the global opioid  painkillers and 99 percent of the global supply of hydrocodone and the  active ingredients inside of Vicodin.   We also need to ensure that prescribers are subject to mandatory  education responsible for prescribing practices. Anyone who prescribes  opioid pain medication and other controlled substances must undergo  mandatory medical education so we are sure these physicians know what  they are doing. The FDA would be in a position to be the primary  enforcer of this critical education.   We also shouldn't allow companies to continue to promote their  opioids as abuse deterrents. It is misleading. Fifty percent of all  physicians believe the ``abuse deterrent'' that is on the label means  the drug is not addictive. Physicians don't even know this is  addictive, and we know through Purdue Pharma that this is just not the  case.   The FDA is in a prime position to ensure the terminology used for  promoting a drug is not confusing or misleading. At this time of  crisis, we need a leader at the FDA who recognizes the dangers of  prescription painkillers, who will stand up to big pharma and reform  the FDA to prevent addiction before it takes hold. Dr. Scott Gottlieb  is not that individual.   Dr. Gottlieb's nomination signals a continuation of FDA policy that  has cultivated and fueled the opioid epidemic. I strongly oppose Dr.  Gottlieb's nomination and call on my colleagues to join me in voting  no.   Mr. President, I yield back the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland is recognized.   