 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I have the  opportunity to speak as in morning business.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  express my entire remarks during this period of time.    Mr. President, Ladd Seaberg, a Kansas resident whose home  was in Atchison, KS, passed away on Kansas' 156th birthday. My State  lost an individual who epitomizes all that it means to be a Kansan.   Throughout his life, Ladd was dedicated to serving his family, his  friends, his colleagues, and his hometown of Atchison.  [[Page S1174]]    Atchison is along the Missouri River, the Kansas River, and right on  the border with the neighboring State. They have a long history in that  community, and he and his family have had a long opportunity, which  they have taken advantage of, to benefit the citizens of that  community. He fought a courageous fight with a terrible, progressive  neurodegenerative disease, and he was laid to rest last week.   As a stalwart figure of Northeast Kansas who worked at MGP  Ingredients for 40 years, he will long be remembered for his character  and his leadership. Most everything good in Atchison involved Ladd and  his family.   Ladd was not born a Kansan. He was born in West Texas and graduated  from Texas Tech University, where he met his wife Karen Cray during a  national science fair put on by the U.S. Air Force. Naturally, they  both won first place awards at the fair, and later moved to Karen's  hometown of Atchison, where they made their life and raised their  family.   With a degree in chemical engineering and the mind of a true  engineer, he had a passion for understanding the way things work on a  mechanical level. His love of tinkering led him to a longtime hobby as  an avid amateur radio operator.   Upon moving to Atchison, he began working at MGP as a distillery  production manager. During his first 11 years there, Ladd rose to  become the company's president and later CEO and, then, chairman of the  board. He had an integral role in bringing the company public, when it  became listed on Nasdaq's exchange.   Ladd and his beloved wife Karen, who now serves as MGP's board  chairwoman, were blessed with two daughters and six grandchildren, who  still live in Kansas today.   Beyond his leadership at the company MGP, where his intelligence and  encouraging management style will long be remembered, Ladd contributed  on numerous boards and to even more organizations that improve the  lives of those who live in the community and around the State. To name  but just a few, he was a founding member of the International Wheat  Gluten Association, separately represented the U.S. grain community at  the World Trade Organization meetings, and was a board member of the  Kansas Chamber of Commerce and Industry.   He was also one of the original founders of the Atchison Area  Economic Development Council, a longtime member of the Historical  Society, and a former chairman of the Atchison Area Chamber of Commerce  board.   Ladd's leadership was indispensable on the Amelia Earhart Memorial  Bridge committee to construct a new bridge in 2012 across the Missouri  River named for a fellow pilot and fellow Kansan, Amelia Earhart, one  of our State's proudest daughters.   He cared deeply about education in his community, as evidenced by the  recognition he and his wife received from Benedictine College, the  Cross of the Order of St. Benedict, the institution's highest honor.  His faith also played a significant role in his life, having served as  an elder and deacon of the First Presbyterian Church of Atchison.   One can hardly overstate what he meant to northeast Kansas, as Ladd  always sought opportunities to serve his fellow Kansans. He was a  mentor to many and gave of himself to all who were fortunate enough to  pass his way.   I appreciate his contributions to our State, and my prayers have been  with his wife and family, father and grandfather. It is sad that Ladd  was laid to rest, but may he rest in peace.   