 I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Menendez) is necessarily absent.    Mr. President, for more than 30 years, we have seen  political battles over the Arctic Refuge--with some wanting to open the  area for oil and gas leasing and many others believing that this  pristine and ecologically important area should be given the highest  protections available under the law. This week the fate of the Arctic  Wildlife Refuge is again being taken up by the Senate, this time as  part of the budget process.   There is no question that this is a divisive issue, one that deserves  to be debated in the Senate, not taken up as part of the budget process  with little to no debate, but Republicans are insisting on ramming an  attempt to open the Arctic Refuge to drilling through using a partisan  process because they know they lack the bipartisan support needed to  properly debate the issue.   The President's budget estimated that leasing in the Arctic Refuge  will generate $3.6 billion in revenues, but the President's budget  estimates just don't add up. In order to meet that number, oil  companies would need to bid an average of $2,400 per acre on every  single acre of the 1.5 million acre coastal plain, more than 10 times  the average lease sale bid on Alaska's North Slope.   We know this number is significantly inflated. If we look at other  lease sales between 2010 and 2015, the industry bid  [[Page S6532]]  on less than 5 percent of the leases in Alaska's National Petroleum  Reserve. On top of that, oil supplies are currently at historic highs,  so high that we lifted a 40-year ban on oil exports last year, and gas  prices remained at long-term lows.   Today the United States is the world's largest producer of oil and  natural gas. We are importing less oil than we have at any point in  almost three decades. In addition to the high oil supplies, industry  has shown little interest in drilling in the Arctic Refuge. In  September 2015, after spending approximately $7 billion to drill and  explore the region, Shell gave up on drilling in the Arctic region's  Chukchi Sea due to the poor results and the high costs. Energy analysts  predict very little interest in drilling in the Refuge for the  foreseeable future.   So before we move ahead with leasing this area for oil and mineral  exploration, we need to take a careful look at what we would be losing.  The Arctic Refuge is one of America's last pristine, untouched  wilderness places, and I think we should preserve it for future  generations.   The Refuge is home to more than 200 wildlife species, including polar  bears, musk ox, and caribou. The porcupine caribou herd travels to the  coastal plain each summer to give birth to their young. The Refuge is  the most important land denning site for a significant population of  polar bears. Birds from all 50 States and 6 continents migrate to the  Refuge for nesting and staging. Alaskan Native people still rely on the  wildlife for basic sustenance and as a basis of their cultures.   In 2003, I had the opportunity to travel to the Arctic Wildlife  Refuge and see firsthand the pristine wilderness. While I was there, I  also had an opportunity to view areas that had been drilled for oil and  gas. As you looked to the west, you could see a stark difference in the  State lands that had been drilled for oil and gas and the Arctic  National Wildlife Refuge that had not been drilled. It was easy to tell  the two apart because the scars that were left on that State land that  had been drilled were still there many years later. They didn't  gingerly step in and drill and leave. They cut scars across that land  that will be there forever.   There is no question that the impact drilling would have on the  Arctic would be devastating and irreversible, and although oil and gas  resources can be develop safely, we all know that leaks and spills  happen. The resulting environmental damage can change the landscape  forever.   The Arctic Refuge represents our Nation's finest example of intact,  naturally functioning Arctic and subarctic ecosystems. Nowhere else in  North America do we see such a broad spectrum of diverse habitats  occurring within one area. We must protect it for future generations.  We have a responsibility to protect this area for our children and  grandchildren. Any attempt to move forward a budget reconciliation  containing leases in the Arctic is a move in the wrong direction.   