 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the ranking member  and the chairman of the full committee for their hard work on this  bill. Most people don't realize how hard the work is. I thank the  ranking member, Ms. Kaptur, for her hard work and committed efforts  throughout these many months spent on drafting this bill, and also our  Senate partners, Lamar Alexander and Dianne Feinstein. I want to thank  the majority and minority staff for the incredible work and long hours  that they spent in preparing this bill.   The Energy and Water section of this bill strengthens our Nation's  defense, makes important investments in our Nation's water  infrastructure, and advances an all-of-the-above energy strategy to  ensure America's energy independence.   Weapons Activities, which provides funding to maintain the safety,  security, and readiness of the Nation's nuclear weapons stockpile, is  $471 million more than last year. Within that, funding for nuclear  weapons infrastructure is $2.8 billion, an increase of 23 percent, and  will address a backlog of deferred maintenance and high-risk,  deteriorating infrastructure.   The Naval Reactors program, which supports the Navy's nuclear  propulsion program, is increased by $45 million over last year. This  fully funds the replacement of the Ohio class ballistic missile  submarine.   The Army Corps of Engineers, which manages critical infrastructure  projects supporting the health of our Nation's water resources, is  increased by $49 million over the fiscal year 2016 levels. The bill  makes full use of estimated annual revenues in the Inland Waterways  Trust Fund and includes $1.3 billion for harbor maintenance trust fund  activities, hitting the WRDA 2016 adjusted annual target.   Flood and storm damage reduction activities are provided with $29  million more than last year to mitigate damage from flooding events.   The bill capitalizes on America's abundant natural resources to  ensure a balanced, all-of-the-above energy policy. These investments  will improve our energy independence and keep our consumer prices  affordable for constituents. The bill protects these investments by  including $24 million more than last year to improve the resiliency and  reliability of the Nation's electric grid against cyber attacks and  extreme weather events.   The bill also helps peel back regulatory red tape, prohibiting  changes to the definition of ``fill material'' and ``discharge of fill  material,'' and also prohibits the regulation of certain agricultural  activities. These are commonsense provisions that were included in this  bill.   In addition to the Energy and Water section, I also would like to  acknowledge some of the important provisions in the Interior section of  this bill.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The inclusion of language routing the Gateway West  Transmission Line through the Snake River Birds of Prey National  Conservation Area, critical funding provided for wildfire programs in  the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service, and the full  support of the PILT program greatly strengthens this bill.   I thank Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, and the staff on  the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee for the  work they do.   No westerner can hold their head up if they vote against this bill  and the provisions in this bill for the Western States.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   