 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud  cosponsor of the Property Tax Reduction Act introduced by my colleague  and friend from New York, Representative John Faso.   I am committed to working to provide tax relief to my constituents,  which is why Representative Faso and I worked to include a similar  measure in the Affordable Health Care Act, and I urge the Senate and  Leader McConnell to include that measure in their healthcare bill.   The State of New York saddles its residents with the highest overall  tax burden in the Nation. A main driver of this hardship remains New  York's persistently exorbitant local property taxes, which are a  symptom of irresponsible governing from Albany. Governor Cuomo  continues to rely on New York counties to foot the bill for New York  State's outrageous Cadillac Medicaid plan, which costs each recipient  44 percent more than the national average.   The Governor essentially runs up a tab and then demands that the  counties find a way to pay the bill. This is an unconscionable shift of  cost. The entity of government that spends taxpayers' money should be  the entity that pays the bill. Instead, Governor Cuomo wants this  scheme to continue shielding his outrageous spending and keeping his  actions from public scrutiny. The Governor's sleight of hand costs the  eight counties I represent over $470 million a year and my home county  of Erie almost $204 million a  [[Page H4988]]  year--nearly 83 percent of the total county property tax.   The Property Tax Reduction Act will end this outrageous cost shift,  hold Governor Cuomo accountable for the State's Medicaid spending, and  deliver much-needed tax relief to the hardworking taxpayers in my  district.   I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. Faso, for introducing  this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.    We should put it into perspective because  New York spends too much on everything. Florida now has more people  than New York. Florida's entire budget is $80 billion a year for more  than 20 million people. New York, with fewer people, has a budget of  $160 billion--you almost can't make this up--double Florida.   Now, a point that I have tried to make when you see what the position  of New York is, there was a day New York had 45 Members of Congress.  Congress is apportioned by population. Today, we have fallen from 45 to  27. We have lost 40 percent of our representation in New York because  of the high tax burden. And I know, as sure as I am standing here, we  are going to lose another seat, possibly two, in the Census coming up  in 2020.   Now, contrast to Florida that doesn't have an income tax and has much  lower property taxes, half of the budget of New York. When we had 45,  they had 7 Members of Congress--45 versus 7. Today, they also have 27.  In the next Census, they are going to grow from 28 to 29. You almost  can't make this up. Certainly the property tax burden is a big thing  that drives these people out of New York State.   They want to live there. People want their kids to be there. There  was a day in Erie County--and I was the county executive--we had 1.25  million people in Erie County in 1972, 1973. We are down to 900,000.  Forget about relative growth. We have actually lost 25 percent of our  absolute population over the last 40 years because of the high tax  burden in New York, so much so, they coined the phrase of our airport.  They called it the Runway of Tears because the parents were watching  their children and grandchildren fly off to Florida, to North Carolina,  and to other States where there were jobs and opportunities--the Runway  of Tears.   So anything we can do to help reduce that tax burden in New York and  to let our kids come home and be able to afford to live in New York  State, maybe one day again we will be the Empire State.   So I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this. Certainly I am  going to be fighting side by side with the gentleman and the other New  Yorkers to get this through.   