 Thank you, Sheriff. I want to start by thanking you for  your service as a law enforcement officer and in Congress. And I call  you sheriff when I pass by you because I always believe in calling  people by their highest title. And as much as it is wonderful, and I am  sure the people in your family are proud of your service in the United  States Congress, I am proudest of your willingness to sacrifice for the  people of Washington as their sheriff.   Kevin Carper was a uniform patrol officer with the Spartanburg County  Sheriff's Office. He was not a detective. He was not in management. He  was just a regular police officer like the ones we see every day in our  towns and cities.   Kevin responded to a domestic violence call. Those who are unfamiliar  with law enforcement have a tendency sometimes to refer to those as  routine calls. There is nothing routine about a domestic violence call,  and everyone in law enforcement knows it.   Off of Airport Road in Spartanburg, South Carolina, Kevin and his  partner arrived to find William Seich on the front porch of his small  home pointing a large caliber gun at his wife, Judy.   Judy was crouched down in the front yard, trying to protect herself,  trying to shield herself behind a tree, and William was pointing the  gun at her and, alternatively, pointing the gun at law enforcement who  had just arrived on the scene.   You know, Sheriff Reichert and Mr. Speaker, it all seems so easy in  hindsight. Do you shoot? Do you pull the trigger? Is the gun real? You  have split seconds to make these decisions only to have them second- guessed for months, if not years afterward. Is the gun real? Is it  loaded?   William Seich finally turned the gun toward his wife and he shot her.  As he was turning the gun towards law enforcement, no doubt to shoot  them, they returned fire. They struck William Seich. As one officer ran  toward his fallen wife, Judy, Kevin Carper ran to the front porch to  make sure that William Seich didn't shoot anybody else.   As he got on the front porch, Mr. Speaker, he heard the cries of  children. Unbeknownst to Kevin and his partner, there were children  inside that mobile home, and the bullets from one of the officer's guns  had struck one of the children.   William Seich survived and was charged with murder. Both of the  little girls ultimately survived, although one was badly injured.   I met Kevin when we were preparing for trial. He was an essential  witness, so I needed to prepare him for what would come during this  trial. He would be second-guessed. His every move would be scrutinized.  In a very real sense, he would not only be blamed for Judy Seich's  murder, he would be blamed for shooting one of the little girls inside  that home, and then he would be blamed for not doing enough to protect  Judy Seich, not making the right split-second decision.   I tried to prepare Kevin for what would be a grueling cross- examination, and it was clear to me his mind and heart were somewhere  else. So, finally, I said: Kevin, you didn't do anything wrong. You  didn't have a choice.   He said: I know, Solicitor Gowdy.   He had tears streaming down his face in my office.   He said: I know, Solicitor Gowdy, but I shot that little girl.   Objectively, Kevin Carper did everything right that night. He  responded to an incredibly tense domestic call. He was confronted with  a man holding a gun. Was it a real gun? Was it loaded? All of these  thoughts going through his mind; and as soon as William Seich shot and  murdered his wife, he returned fire.   Objectively, we know everything he did was right, but it didn't  matter how many times I told Kevin: You did the right thing. Deputy  Kevin Carper heard me. Father, husband, Kevin Carper had tears  streaming down his face at the thought that he would have hurt a child.   Well, we went through the trial, and he was, as you might imagine, an  indispensable witness.   Mr. Speaker, he could not have done a better job in that murder  trial. Yeah, he was a tough police officer in a uniform, but when it  came time to describe walking on the front porch and hearing the cries  of children, he became a husband and a father again, and in front of a  jury, Sheriff--and you know this is hard for police to do in front of a  jury--this tough, brave man broke down in tears, and the jury had a  chance to see the humanity of police officers. The jury had a chance to  see that ``protect and serve and defend'' part of police officers.   William Seich was convicted, in no small part, because of Kevin  Carper's help. In South Carolina, the sentencing takes place  immediately after the trial, so there was family to talk to and to  prepare them for the sentencing hearing so they could allocute on what  Judy Seich's life meant to them and what the proper punishment should  be.   Mr. Speaker and Sheriff Reichert, I wanted to tell Kevin what a great  job he had done. I wanted to tell Kevin how impressed I was with his  humanity. I wanted to tell Kevin--I intended to tell Kevin that he took  a cynical old prosecutor and he made him believe again that there are  women and men who go into this line of work for all the right reasons.  That is what I intended to tell  [[Page H4299]]  him. But in the hustle and bustle of sentencing, he slipped out the  back of the courtroom and we went on with the sentencing hearing.    But I knew that I would see him again and I would have a chance to  tell him. I would have a chance to tell his boss: You need to watch  that guy, make him a homicide detective. He is really good.   I would have a chance to tell him he did great by those little girls.  I knew I would see him again and I would have a chance to tell him  again.   And I did see him again, laying beside a roadside, shot to death  during a routine traffic stop. He was shot by a man who had been  arrested more than 30 times.   If you have ever attended an officer's funeral, the finality of that  death hits you the very hardest at the end where they do the radio  call: Deputy Kevin Carper, do you read? Deputy Kevin Carper, can you  hear us? And, of course, there is silence. And then at the end, it is:  Deputy Kevin Carper, you are clear to go home.   I never told Kevin what I should have told him. Deputy Kevin Carper,  you were a credit to law enforcement. Husband, father, Kevin Carper,  you are a credit to humanity and your family. I wish I had told you  when I should have told you.   I hope that all of my other friends in prosecution and in law  enforcement now will not wait too long to tell the men and women of law  enforcement how grateful they are for their service.   