 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to  H.J. Res. 38, the resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the  Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule.   I would like to express both my support of the Stream Protection Rule  as well as my deep concern over the use of the Congressional Review Act  to derail smart regulations that protect our citizens' health while  simultaneously creating a precedent of recklessly obstructing federal  rulemaking.  [[Page H848]]    The Stream Protection Rule is an effective and sensible regulation  that has undergone years of development in order to compel big  polluters and industry actors to responsibly dispose of dangerous waste  so that our water supply and ecosystems remain free of toxic  pollutants. The attempt to dismantle this rule will cause irreparable  harm to clean drinking water sources for millions of Americans. The  Stream Protection Rule provides Americans with an environmental  monitoring system that assures the cleanliness of the water.   The residents of the 4th District of Georgia, like many of the  constituents of my colleagues, live alongside and depend upon rivers to  be protected from harmful pollutants and toxic chemicals that are the  product of mining and industrial run-off. Run-off from mining and  industry sources contaminate stream water with various lethal toxins,  including lead and arsenic. These pollutants not only impact the lives  of people living in close proximity to the run-off sources of heavy  pollutants, but all people who live downstream.   The water protected by this rule is the same water consumed by our  families, including children and the elderly. Those exposed to  carcinogens in their water can suffer from birth defects, cancer, and  even death.   Clean and safe water is in the interest of all Americans, regardless  of their income level or political party. It matters not whether a  state is red or blue, access to clean water will always be necessary,  and it should be mandatory. Clean water is a human right and this rule  ensures our country can provide clean drinking water to its citizens.   I ask my colleagues this question: if the Stream Protection Rule is  overturned are you prepared to tell your constituents and their  families that their water will be less safe to drink or use?   I am not alone in my stance. More than 70 groups representing the  interests of a wide-swath of American citizens have expressed their  strong disapproval with this resolution. Two of these groups, the  Savannah Riverkeeper and Altamaha Riverkeeper organizations, represent  the environmental concerns of my home, the great state of Georgia.  These groups along with dozens of others have expressed to our  country's elected officials that a resolution of disapproval for the  Steam Protection Rule would significantly jeopardize the well-being of  millions of Americans.   By subjecting the Stream Protection Rule to the Congressional Review  Act, we set a dangerous precedent in delegitimizing federal rulemaking  procedure, while we elevate the interests of corporations over the  health and safety of our citizens. The health of our nation's children  must supersede the maximization of profits.   For the sake of the millions of Americans who rely on the safety  regulations established by this rule, I strongly urge my colleagues to  vote NO on the resolution. The citizens of our nation will thank you  for putting their health first.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Holding). All time for debate has  expired.   Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the joint  resolution.   The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint  resolution.   The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third  time, and was read the third time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint  resolution.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   