 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, our Nation is facing a skills  gap, a student completion crisis at both the high school and college  levels, and record levels of student debt. The status quo is  unacceptable. We must do better for our students by truly supporting  career and technical education as a pathway to success.   CTE has been shown to dramatically increase high school graduation  rates, increase postsecondary access, and, most importantly, get  students to a degree and a well paying career. More than 75 percent of  CTE concentrators pursued postsecondary education shortly after high  school, and four out of five students earned a credential or were  enrolled 2 years later.   Dual enrollment allows high school CTE students to earn college  credit and significantly increase their likelihood of pursuing and  completing college, all the while saving their families money.   The key is that CTE students often don't need an extensive 4-year  education, as many attend a great 2-year technical college and then  head right into the workplace with little debt and skills to excel.   We must fight this narrative--one some of my colleagues are still  pushing--that a 2-year technical degree is a lesser educational option.  This way of thinking is simply harmful to our Nation's students and our  Nation.   My amendment increases funding for CTE State grants by $70 million,  transferring the funding from an increase to TRIO and GEAR UP. It does  not cut funding to TRIO and GEAR UP but continues funding these  programs at fiscal year 2017 levels, the highest funding levels in  program history.   The TRIO and GEAR UP programs received significant funding increases  over the past decade, including a $50 million increase in 2017, leaving  the programs with proposed funding $230 million above their 2007 level.   Instead of an increase for TRIO and GEAR UP this next fiscal year, my  amendment makes an overdue investment in career and technical education  and in our Nation's students.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx).    Mr. Chairman, it is unfortunate to see some  of my colleagues claim that career and technical education is somehow  the separate or lesser pathway to a 4-year college degree. These claims  are neither factual nor are they very genuine. CTE promotes college  access, with 91 percent of high school graduates who earn a 2- to 3- year CTE credit going on to enroll in college.   When partisan politics gets injected into workforce development  policy, it is students across the Nation who lose. I can tell you that,  throughout the Second District, I have employers and students dying for  these opportunities from all backgrounds.   The current bill leaves CTE State grants with funding $60 million  below  [[Page H7297]]  what they received 10 years ago, while TRIO receives funding $110  million above both its authorized level and what the program received  just 2 years ago.   My amendment supports all of our students and their diverse ambitions  and affirms career and technical education as a viable pathway to  success.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Our  students are waiting for it, our employers are waiting for it, and our  country is waiting for it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   