 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week I came down to the Senate floor  to talk about the need for tax reform. One of the most important things  we can do to help our economy and American families recover from years  of economic stagnation under the previous administration is to reform  our Tax Code.   The Tax Code affects every aspect of our economy. It affects how much  money you have left over to save or invest. It affects whether a new  business can get off the ground. It affects whether an existing  business might have the money to raise wages or to hire new employees.  It is often the determining factor in whether American jobs go  overseas.   Right now our Tax Code isn't doing much to help anybody. It is  increasingly strangling our economy, depressing job and wage growth and  new business creation, pushing American jobs overseas, and is placing a  heavy burden on working families who see far too much of their  paychecks going to Washington, DC.   That is why Republicans are making tax reform a priority this fall,  and we are hoping the Democrats will join us. Last week I mentioned the  five principles that will guide any Republican tax reform legislation.  Any bill we pass will have to do these things: No. 1, result in  increasing wage and economic growth; No. 2, provide tax relief for the  middle class; No. 3, keep good-paying jobs here at home; No. 4,  increase American competitiveness in the global economy; and, finally,  it has to simplify the Tax Code.   Last week I spent some time discussing the first principle, which is  increasing wages, jobs, and economic growth. This week I would like to  take a few minutes to focus on the second; that is, providing tax  relief for the middle class.   Hard-working Americans have had a hard time of it in recent years.  Wage growth was almost nonexistent during the Obama administration. A  recent  [[Page S5262]]  survey found that 50 percent of people in this country consider  themselves to be living paycheck to paycheck. Families who once looked  forward to a secure future have found themselves wondering where the  next mortgage or rent payment is coming from or if they will be able to  afford to put anything toward their kids' college savings or toward  their retirement. Fortunately, there are a lot of tax relief measures  we can take that will help middle-income families, and any plan for  relief has to start with lowering tax rates for the middle class. The  Federal Government is simply taking too much money each month from  working families.   We need to fix that. American families can do a much better job  spending their money than Washington bureaucrats. Any new tax bill  needs to leave more money in Americans' wallets--money they can put  toward their family's needs in paying for a child's braces or saving  for college.   Relief for American families starts with lowering the tax rate, but  it doesn't end there. There are other things we can do to help hard- working families. Closing loopholes and ending a variety of special  interest tax breaks will boost our efforts to significantly lower  rates. Also, simplifying family-focused provisions of the Tax Code will  make them easier for families to access.    We need to look at provisions like the earned-income tax credit and  the child tax credit to make sure they are delivering the tax relief  Congress intended and to look for ways to make them more efficient and  effective.   Education tax benefits are another example of an area in which tax  reform can deliver for middle-income families. Currently, there are  more than a dozen separate tax provisions relating to education, from  the American opportunity tax credit to 529 savings accounts, and, of  course, these provisions come with approximately 100 pages of IRS  instructions, special forms, and schedules, not to mention the  professional tax preparer whom too many families have to hire to figure  it all out. We can certainly do a better job than that. Simplifying and  possibly consolidating the education provisions of the Tax Code could  allow more families to take advantage of these provisions, and it could  significantly reduce the time families have to spend in trying to  obtain these benefits.   Another thing we can do is make sure the Tax Code encourages savings  and investment. We will be taking a look at the tax treatment of  retirement savings to ensure that it maximizes the ability of  individuals to achieve secure retirements.   Another thing we need to do is to finally do away with the  alternative minimum tax. This tax, which was originally designed to hit  the very wealthiest Americans, eventually ballooned to ensnare huge  numbers of the middle class.   While Congress has partially fixed this problem, too many families  still have to waste time in calculating their taxes twice--once for  their regular returns and once to see if they have to pay the  alternative minimum tax. Imagine the frustration of having to do this  extra calculation, only to find out that you do not owe the alternative  minimum tax. But if you do not spend the time or hire a professional to  figure it out and decide to take your chances, you will certainly hear  about it from the IRS if you guess wrong, usually with penalties and  interest.   While Congress has acted to protect a lot of middle-income taxpayers,  there are still middle-lass families who find themselves having to pay  the alternative minimum tax. It is time to eliminate this tax, which  has long outlived its original purpose.   There are a lot of other things we can do to make the Tax Code better  for middle-lass families, and throughout this process, Republicans are  going to make sure that hard-working Americans are at the forefront of  our efforts. We know that American families do the best job of spending  their own money, and any tax reform bill we pass will allow them to  keep more of their hard-earned dollars.   Mr. President, before I close, I would like to spend a couple of  minutes talking about the National Defense Authorization Act, which we  are considering here this week.   Our military often got the short end of the stick during the Obama  administration, and we have a lot of work to do in order to bring our  military back up to full readiness and to modernize our resources.  Recent events, from the increased aggression of the North Korean regime  to the anniversary of September 11, remind us of the importance of  making sure our military is ready to meet any threat.   A key element of keeping the peace is in making sure we have the  military strength to deter aggressors. Take North Korea. Our main focus  needs to be on a diplomatic solution to the growing tensions in the  region, but, as the President has made clear, the full strength of the  U.S. military is and has to be at the ready to protect American  interests and those of our allies. The Air Force has conducted show-of- force exercises, which have featured B-1 bombers from South Dakota, to  deter North Korean aggression.   While we continue with our diplomatic efforts, we need to make sure  we project the kind of overwhelming strength that would make North  Korea think twice before trying to engage the United States. Needless  to say, we also need to maintain robust capabilities on the defensive  side. That is why I have submitted an amendment to the National Defense  Authorization Act to require that we test our ground-based midcourse  defense anti-ballistic missile system twice a year. Yes, tests may  fail, but an increased test pace will lead to improvements and will  ultimately ensure the reliability of our missile interception defenses.   In addition to North Korea, we are still dealing with continued  threats and instability in the Middle East. U.S.-led efforts against  ISIS have had significant success on the ground, especially in Iraq,  but ISIS's recruitment networks remain active and ever more dangerous,  as evidenced by attacks in Europe. There are also still complex  security challenges on the ground in Syria and Afghanistan, and we are  continuing to deal with an Iran that has grown more defiant in the wake  of President Obama's nuclear deal.   On top of all of this, Russia and China continue to take advantage of  regional instability to project power and challenge the United States  and its allies. Russia continues to occupy Ukraine and challenge NATO,  and it has propped up the Assad regime in Syria. Meanwhile, China is  only halfheartedly working to keep North Korea in check, all the while  expanding its presence in the Pacific by militarizing reefs in disputed  waters and building up its forces.   All of these threats underscore the importance of restoring our  military readiness and modernizing our capabilities, and this year's  National Defense Authorization Act takes significant steps toward  achieving those goals.   This bill sets policy and authorizes significant resources that will  work to strengthen our military readiness. It includes critical funds  for combat aircraft and munitions, new ships, and advanced technology  development and next-generation capabilities to ensure that our  military is the strongest fighting force in the world. It also includes  critical funding to boost the end strength of the Army and the Marine  Corps.   This bill also authorizes a 2.1-percent across-the-board pay raise  for the dedicated men and women of our military, and the bill contains  a number of measures to improve the quality of life for soldiers and  their families and Department of Defense civilian employees.   This legislation also ends troubled and redundant programs and  reduces unnecessary expenditures to ensure that taxpayer dollars are  not being wasted and to free up funding for military priorities.   I have introduced two other amendments to this bill to help further  boost readiness.   The first of these amendments seeks to optimize special use airspaces  for our military pilots. My amendment would require a report on the  management of special use airspaces and their use for training, with  the goal of improving the coordination and utilization of these  airspaces in order to meet current and future training needs.   Additionally, so as to better position the United States to meet  ever-changing cyber threats, I have introduced an amendment to  establish a pilot program for a cyber ROTC. With the President's  elevating CYBERCOM to a combatant command, it is essential that  [[Page S5263]]  the Department of Defense establish additional pipelines to train more  men and women in uniform in order to counter the mounting cyber attacks  we are facing.   I am grateful to Senator McCain and other Senators on the Armed  Services Committee for their work on this bill. This bill is an  important step forward in making sure our Nation is secure and capable  of meeting and deterring threats.   I yield the floor.   