 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to acknowledge and honor  Michigan farmers. Agriculture is a vital part of Michigan's economy. In  fact, Michigan is home to more than 51,000 farms that contribute over  $100 billion to our Nation's economy. Michigan is also the second most  diverse agricultural producer in the Nation, growing more than 300  commodities, including a significant portion of our Nation's milk,  corn, cherries, cucumbers, and much more.  [[Page S2504]]    Last week I had the pleasure of visiting the Iciek Dairy Farm in  Gladwin, MI. It was incredible to see firsthand how this family-run  dairy has grown from a small farm of a few dozen cows to a large,  modern dairy operation with 700 cows and seven full-time employees.   Today, the Iciek Dairy works with the Michigan State University  Extension program to help mentor new businesses and farmers who are  just starting off with their own small dairy operation. Michigan's  farmers and farmers all across our country feed our country and people  around the globe, and we must do what we can to support them. Our  agricultural businesses rely on the ability to access the resources  they need to keep growing, creating jobs, and contributing to our  economy.   Access to these resources can be especially challenging for new small  farm operations that are just getting started, including those small  farms that make up 82 percent of Michigan's agricultural producers.  Small farms that are just starting up or are facing tough economic  conditions sometimes struggle to find and secure affordable credit.  That is why I am working across the aisle with Senator Tillis to urge  congressional appropriators to fully fund the Farm Service Agency loan  programs as Congress considers government funding bills for 2018.   The Farm Service Agency works with lenders to guarantee and deliver  small dollar loans to the small farms that need them the most. When a  farm has no other options, Farm Service Agency loans and guarantees can  help farmers cover urgent operating costs for feed, seed, and  fertilizer to get them through the season. Without these loans, farmers  could lose their ability to purchase equipment and other necessities  for the planting season and could be forced to curtail their  operations.   Currently, more than 2,300 farms in Michigan have Farm Service Agency  loans totaling over $630 million. Across the country last year, the  Farm Service Agency made and guaranteed a total of 39,650 loans  totaling $6.3 billion. It is critical that Farm Service Agency funding  reflect expected demand for loans so that small farms can continue to  have this crucial lifeline.   This program is in such high demand that just last year the Farm  Service Agency ran out of money to finance its operating loans,  including more than 1,000 loans that had already been approved for  small farmers. This led to a backlog of loans, and farmers were forced  to wait for months until Congress passed emergency funding to get the  loans they needed for their day-to-day operations.   Access to capital is critical across a range of businesses, but it is  incredibly important to our farmers. They can lose out on an entire  growing season if they cannot buy the equipment and the supplies they  need while they wait for Congress to fund the Farm Service Agency.   Today, ensuring that the Farm Service Agency has sufficient funding  is even more critical, especially following President Trump's proposed  $4.7 billion cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.   Like our small businesses, students, and families, America's farmers  deserve to have affordable loan options, and they deserve our attention  and our support. I urge my colleagues to join me in asking for robust  Farm Service Agency funding so we can continue to support our farming  communities as they support and sustain us each and every day.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   