 Will the Senator yield?    I thank my colleague.    Mr. President, before our great friend from Utah gets  up, I have other remarks; I will let the Senator from Utah speak before  those. But I want to join my distinguished friend the majority leader  in recognizing the Senator from Utah, who has become the longest  serving Republican Senator in history.   We have been friends for a long time. He has given me guidance. He  keeps telling me he is going to straighten me out one of these days--a  work in progress, I guess we would think--but he is a terrific guy. He  is a decent man. He is a caring man. He is an honorable man.   He has been a great partisan when he has to be, but he has shown  tremendous independence on many different occasions. In fact, probably  my mentor around here, Senator Kennedy, loved working with Senator  Hatch, and they accomplished great things for America.   Even just recently, on an issue like Puerto Rico, there was not much  gain for him personally. I don't think there is a large Puerto Rican  population in Provo or Ogden. But he cared and he knew there was a  problem. We spent late nights trying to figure out what to do, and  while the solution may not have been as good as some of us would have  wanted, it was a solution, and it wouldn't have happened without  Senator Hatch. So we can say that on issue after issue after issue, he  has risen to the occasion and has been the best of the Senate.   It is a fitting honor that he is here. Last time around, when he was  not thinking of running, I think in the hearts of most Democrats there  was hope that he would run again, and that was because we so esteem  him.   I want to join the majority leader in congratulating Senator Hatch  and wish him many, many more years of success both personally--I know  he has a large and wonderful family, and we  [[Page S977]]  have talked about our religious faith quite often--as well as a  successful career.   With that, I will yield the floor and resume after Senator Hatch has  had a few words to say.    Mr. President, I thank my friend for his kind words and,  most importantly, his distinguished service to his country. Now on to  other subjects.    That would be great.    I would appreciate it.    Your career is so great, you don't need me.    First, let me thank my colleague from Minnesota.    And I meant what I said: He doesn't need any help. He  does it so well on his own. So I will regard this not as a quid pro  quo--although he can get what he wants--but as an act of kindness and  generosity.   Mr. President, I rise this evening to oppose the confirmation of  Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of HHS and urge my colleagues  to vote no on his nomination.   Representative Price might be the quintessence of President Trump's  Cabinet: a creature of Washington, deeply conflicted, and far out of  the mainstream when it comes to his views on health care.   Like other nominees, philosophically he seems completely opposed to  the very purpose of his Department: the good governance of the health  programs that cover tens of millions of Americans.   Candidate Trump promised he would not cut Medicare or Medicaid, but  Congressman Price has spent his entire career trying to cut Medicare  and Medicaid and dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Just listen to  these quotes:   The nominee for Secretary of Health and Human Services has said,  ``Nothing has had a greater negative effect on the delivery of health  care than the federal government's intrusion into medicine through  Medicare.'' That one might have come out of the 1890s, if we had had  Medicare then.   He said he expects lawmakers to push forward with an overhaul of  Medicare, ``within the first six to eight months'' of this new  administration. Does that sound like someone who doesn't want to cut  Medicare and Medicaid? It doesn't to me. It doesn't to the American  people. In fact, if you could pick someone who in either House of  Congress was most likely to cut Medicare and Medicaid, you would pick  Congressman Price. It could not be more of a contradiction to what  Candidate Trump promised in the campaign.   So here is what worries me: From what I know of the President, he  will cede great authority to Cabinet officials, content to jump from  one topic to the next, one tweet to the next. I would put much greater  stock in Representative Price's record than anything the President  promised during the campaign, and that is very bad news for seniors and  the American people generally.   For that reason, every American who receives benefits from those  programs--the millions of American seniors, women, families, and people  with disabilities--should be gravely concerned about what the tenure of  a Secretary Tom Price will mean for their health.   Make no mistake, in the dark hours of the early morning, with the  confirmation of Secretary Price, the Republicans launch the first  assault in their war on seniors. The war on seniors begins when we  select Representative Price over our votes as Secretary of Health and  Human Services.   When it comes to the health care of older Americans, confirming  Representative Price to be Secretary of HHS is akin to asking the fox  to guard the henhouse. It has been revealed that in his time in the  House, Representative Price engaged in a number of questionable  practices related to the trading of stocks in issues that his  legislation impacted. There are many instances.   There were reports late last year that Congressman Price had traded  stocks in dozens of health care companies valued at hundreds of  thousands of dollars during a time when he introduced, sponsored, or  cosponsored several pieces of legislation that potentially impacted  those companies. In one instance, Congressman Price bought shares in a  medical device manufacturing company just days before introducing  legislation in the House that would directly benefit that company.   These were far from isolated incidents. Just yesterday, USA Today  reported that Congressman Price ``bought and sold health care company  stocks often enough as a member of Congress to warrant probes by both  federal securities regulators and the House ethics committee.''   These allegations alone might be enough to sink a nominee in another  administration, but it seems this Cabinet is so rife with ethics  challenges and conflicts of interest that Representative Price's  conduct in the House doesn't place him too far outside this unethical  norm. But that should be no excuse. When you are a Congressman or a  Senator, you must endeavor to avoid even the hint of a conflict of  interest, let alone a situation where you are actively trading stocks  that may be impacted.   So this is a sad evening. The war on seniors by the Trump  administration begins when we confirm Representative Price. People will  look back and say that the public war on seniors began at 2 a.m. Friday  morning when the Senate, unfortunately, confirmed Representative Price.    I urge my colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor and once again thank my colleague.   