 Mr. President, has the distinguished majority leader  finished?   Mr. McCONNELL. Yes.    Mr. President, Republicans in both Chambers have  introduced a resolution to permit oil, gas, and mining companies to  continue making secret payments--involving billions of dollars--to  corrupt foreign governments in exchange for access to their countries'  natural resources.   This resolution would overturn legislation on which I worked closely  with former Republican Senator Richard Lugar and Senator Cardin and was  included as section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and  Consumer Protection Act to provide greater transparency when such  payments are made and help better inform investors and combat massive  corruption in the process.   One would think that everyone here would support a commonsense rule  that will protect investors and make it a lot harder to get away with  the theft of billions of dollars in public funds in some of the poorest  countries of the world. But apparently, that is not a concern, at least  not to the sponsors of this resolution or those who intend to support  its passage.   Some Republicans and their friends in the oil and gas industry say  this rule creates unacceptable burdens. That is utterly without merit,  as I will explain in a moment.   But even assuming there were a grain of truth to that, rather than  proposing to amend the underlying legislation, which would require  bipartisan support, this resolution is being advanced under the  Congressional Review Act, to enable a simple majority vote to  completely dismantle the rule with minimum debate.   Keep in mind that the rule is simply the product of the U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, implementing bipartisan  congressional intent and would not take effect until the end of 2018.  Despite what some have claimed, the SEC has not twisted the statute in  any way when they developed this rule. But if this rule is overturned,  the SEC will be prevented from issuing any substantially similar rule,  potentially in our lifetimes.   In other words, what we are doing here is, for all practical  purposes, the death knell for global efforts--involving most of our  closest allies--to combat massive corruption resulting from the  extraction of natural resources and help investors assess risk in the  often murky and unstable oil, gas, and mining sectors. This is an issue  on which the United States, until now, has been a global leader.   I mention this because the sponsors of this resolution have said that  they support the goals of this rule, and all they want to do after  overturning it is make some minor adjustments to it. That is the  epitome of disingenuous. The rule does not take effect until the end of  2018. If that was what they really wanted to do, they would propose an  amendment, and we could discuss it. Their real purpose, even if they  are reluctant to say so, is to prevent disclosure.   This rule has two primary purposes. First, it is to protect  investors. Investors whose combined net worth exceeds $10 trillion,  support this rule and its equivalency with the rules adopted by some 30  other governments. And second, to protect the public.   The practical effect of overturning this rule is that U.S. and  foreign companies will be able to continue to make secret payments to  corrupt foreign autocrats like Vladimir Putin and kleptocracies in  Africa like the governments of Angola and Equatorial Guinea. By doing  so, these companies will be aiding and abetting those kleptocrats when  they pocket the proceeds for their personal use. We have seen this for  years. The people of those countries barely survive on $1 or $2 per  day, while their leaders drive Mercedes, fly private jets to vacation  homes on the French Riviera or in Santa Monica, and pay off the armed  forces to keep themselves in power.   And where does the money come from that pays for that grotesque  flaunting of wealth? From the royalties paid by U.S. and other foreign  companies.   Do we really want to be complicit in that kind of thievery and  immorality by shielding it from public scrutiny? Do we really think  that the American people want to be tarred with it indirectly through  the shady activities of American companies? Do we really want to hide  important information from investors who are trying to assess risk in  the companies they invest in? Of course not.   Anyone who reads this rule and pays the slightest attention to the  estimated $1 trillion lost to crime, corruption, and tax evasion in  these countries and the millions of deaths attributed to corrupt  practices where these extractive companies operate will recognize the  fallacy of the baseless attacks by those who oppose it.    The sponsors of this resolution claim that this rule puts American  businesses at a competitive disadvantage. What are they talking about?  The rule applies to both U.S. and foreign companies and complements  existing laws elsewhere in the world. In fact, Chinese state-owned  companies, like PetroChina and Sinopect, are covered by the U.S. law.  Great Britain, the EU, Canada, and Norway are just four examples of  governments that have adopted similar rules, with Russian state-owned  companies like Rosneft and Gazprom covered in the U.K.   I challenge the sponsors of this legislation to provide any objective  facts to support the argument that U.S. companies are disadvantaged by  this rule. That is a pernicious myth.   The sponsors have also repeated the self-serving claims of the  petroleum industry that complying with this rule would unacceptably  increase their cost of doing business. While that has become the  predictable complaint of the business community whenever such a rule is  promulgated, in this instance, they base it on an outdated and  discredited analysis. The irony is that, even if one were to agree with  their most farfetched, worst-case scenario, it pales compared to their  immense profits.   If we overturn our rule, what prevents others from doing the same?  And then we are right back where we started. Once again, we will have  paved the way for secret payments and billions of dollars stolen from  the public treasuries and squirreled away in Swiss bank accounts by the  Robert Mugabes of the world.   There is another aspect to this that no one has talked about, and  that is the connection between corruption and terrorism, particularly  in Africa. Terrorist groups flourish where government corruption  contributes to incompetent, corrupt military forces. Terrorists benefit  when revenues from these  [[Page S639]]  activities are kept in the dark, enabling them to radicalize and  recruit an impoverished and resentful population. By overturning this  rule, Senators should know that violent extremists, terrorists, and  other criminal enterprises will be among the beneficiaries.   Corruption is among the most corrosive forces that breed instability  and violence, and then countries like ours end up trying to feed and  shelter the innocent people who bear the brunt of it.   It not only wreaks havoc on the people of those countries; it hurts  American companies trying to do business there, and it hurts Americans  who invest in these risky companies. If the norm is nondisclosure, then  bribery becomes an unavoidable and accepted way of doing business.   That is what companies from countries like Russia and China that  compete with American companies would prefer because corruption is what  they are best at. But this rule requires those foreign companies and  others to similarly disclose their profits. Are the sponsors of this  resolution even aware of this? This rule will enhance U.S.  competitiveness. This rule protects investors and the public.   When it was first passed, section 1504 put the United States at the  forefront of transparency and government accountability efforts. And as  I have already said, that leadership paid off. Other countries have  followed our example. This resolution will jettison a decade of work  here and abroad. There is no excuse for it. There is no need for it. If  there are legitimate concerns about section 1504, then let's talk about  ways to amend it and improve it.   But let's not, by overturning this rule, tell the world that we don't  believe in transparency and good governance, that we will turn our  backs on the theft and misuse of payments made by U.S. companies, that  we do not care about the people of those countries who suffer the  consequences, and that we do not care about American investors who  deserve this critical information so they can have confidence in the  companies they invest their hard-earned money in. This resolution is an  affront to the values and to the citizens of our great and good Nation.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   