 Mr. Speaker, the Civilian Marksmanship Program  is an organization that was established initially by this Congress  because we needed institutions to help people better understand gun  safety and how to handle weapons. It has fulfilled a vital mission.   Fortunately, in recent years, we have been able to not have to fund  it anymore by being able to self-fund through the refurbishment and  sale of surplus weapons.   It has been their mission for a century. These 1911s are surplus  pistols that were used up until the early nineties by our military.  Since that time, statutorily, they were made available to law  enforcement and allied countries.   As you might imagine, most law enforcement and allied countries would  rather have new, modern weapons, rather than surplus. So we have  approximately 100,000 of these weapons in storage at the Anniston Army  Depot in my district. It costs us in the neighborhood of $50,000 or  $60,000 a year in direct cost to store these weapons.   What the Armed Services Committee and this Congress in preceding  NDAAs has repeatedly done has been to instruct the Department of the  Army to start turning those over to the Civilian Marksmanship Program  at 10,000 a year until the full 100,000 has been eliminated from our  storage.   The CMP--the Civilian Marksmanship Program--takes those weapons as  they get them, completely refurbishes them, and then sells them to  collectors. These are not weapons that wind up on the streets. They  generally cost between $800 and $1,000, and they are sold to  collectors.   To be able to buy one, you have to go through the same background  check as any other buyer. But not just anybody can buy these. You have  to either be in law enforcement, the military, or an active member of a  gun club.   These are not a danger to the public. In fact, this whole process of  taking this money, the CMP then sells the weapons and it goes into  their trust fund to allow them to continue to train Americans in gun  safety, is a vital mission that we should be supporting. This Congress  has repeatedly supported it over the years.   It is my hope that the full body will reject this motion by my friend  and colleague, Mr. Langevin. It has been defeated repeatedly in the  Armed Services Committee, and I hope it will be defeated again today.   