 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from  California for not only organizing this evening's Special Order hour,  but for his long-term advocacy for working people in this country and  for his extraordinary advocacy for the people of the State of  California.   As my colleague described what the Republicans are attempting to do  in this tax proposal, it is very clear to me that this isn't tax  reform. It is not a tax bill. It is a tax scam. It is a scam in that  the American people are being sold a bill of goods.   All across this country tonight, there are millions of Americans who  will go to sleep tonight worrying about whether or not they are going  to be able to make it through the next week, whether they have enough  to pay their bills, to take care of their family, to set aside a little  for their retirement. The reason that they are worried about this is  they are not making enough money.   So what the Republicans propose to do in this tax bill will make that  problem worse. We have spoken over the last several months about an  agenda that is really at the heart of this problem, that raises incomes  for families, that reduces the costs in people's lives, and that  ensures that they have the tools to be successful in the 21st century.   It is an agenda that really focuses on addressing the fundamental and  economic anxiety facing millions of American families all across our  country. We know it is because people are struggling. They are just not  making enough money.   The same can't be said of the biggest corporations in this country,  where we are seeing record profits, Wall Street through the roof. So  people understand something is not working right in our economy. They  are struggling. They haven't seen their wages go up for a very long  time. America hasn't had a raise in a long time, yet corporate profits  are through the roof and the stock market is through the roof, and  people are saying: This isn't working.    So what we should be doing is investing in the creation of good- paying jobs that will result in better jobs, better wages, and a better  future. But what this Republican proposal does is it relies on this old  Republican theory of trickle-down economics: if we just let people at  the very top have more money, it is going to trickle down to the rest  of us and we will all benefit.   We know this doesn't work. We have seen time and time again this  doesn't work. And part of the reason it doesn't work is because people  at the top can only buy so much stuff. The way you really grow the  economy is you grow the middle class. Make sure people have a job, have  money in their pockets to buy the goods and services that business  produces.   If you go to any small business in my State of Rhode Island and you  ask small-business owners, ``What do you need to add an employee, to  add jobs to your company,'' they will give you the same answer, ``I  need customers. I need people to buy what I make and I sell.''   That is why growing the middle class and focusing on raising incomes  of working people is actually how you create jobs. Those are the job  creators: working people, the middle class of this country who are  creating the demand that leads to job growth.   But what this tax scam does is it gives 67 percent of the tax cuts to  the top 1 percent, huge benefits for the biggest corporations in this  country, further incentivizes companies to ship American jobs overseas,  and to realize profits from doing that. It cuts important deductions,  in the House bill at least, for student loan interest, medical  expenses, State and local taxes. It is going to raise taxes on 87  million Americans, middle class folks, working people.   In order to finance this tax cut for the richest people in this  country and the biggest corporations that don't need it, the middle  class and working people are going to pay for it and the next  generation is going to be burdened with $1.5 trillion in debt over the  next 10 years.   We are borrowing money to give tax cuts to big corporations, the  wealthiest people in this country, and we are going to shoulder the  next generation with that burden?   Shame on them.   So this conference committee is meeting and going to come up with  some proposal that apparently is going to be pleasing to their donors.   We know in the Senate some of the donors had the provisions of the  bill before Members of the Senate had them. They came out with  handwritten notes in the margins because they were so desperate to get  this done for the moneyed class. In fact, some of our colleagues  admitted it and said something like: Look, if we don't pass this, our  donors said, Don't bother calling us.   What we need is tax reform that provides a tax cut to working people  and the middle class. We could have done that in a bipartisan way. The  last time there was tax reform, there were hundreds of witnesses,  months of testimony. This stuff is complicated.   What happened in the House?   Not one hearing, not one witness. Jammed through, as Congressman  Raskin said, in the dark of night, at the speed of light. Because the  more the American people hear about this tax scam, they know it is not  for them. They know they are not going to benefit. They know the same  old corporate special interests that have so much influence in this  town helped write this bill, and that they are going to benefit from it  and they are determined to jam this through, regardless of the public  sentiment.   The American people are against this bill 2-1. That number is going  to grow the more people learn about it. That doesn't seem to matter.   So I thank the gentleman for inviting me tonight and allowing me to  speak. He has been here longer than I have. I can say with all honesty  that the day that bill passed the House was one of the worst days I  have ever been in this Chamber because I know how this tax scam, this  effort by the Republicans in the House is really going to hurt the  American people. I have never seen a situation in which public  sentiment was so strongly opposed to this measure. Despite that, our  colleagues are moving forward with it.   I don't know that my colleague has seen an occasion like this before,  but I would like to hear Mr. Garamendi's thoughts on that.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I think the other thing that is very important to acknowledge here,  and I think we have heard the Speaker say this--we have heard Senator  Rubio make reference to this--is that the American people, I hope,  understand that this is part one of a multipart story. Our Republican  colleagues have made it very clear that this tax scam, this sort of  giveaway to corporate  [[Page H9838]]  America and the richest people in this country, is just part one.   Next year, after you give away $1.5 trillion, unpaid for, you come  back next year and you say: We have no money. We are going to have to  cut Social Security, cut Medicare, cut Medicaid, cut Pell grants, cut  investments in healthcare, and cut investments in rebuilding the  infrastructure of our country.   So our Republican colleagues are setting this up as an effort to gut  Medicare and Medicaid. Let's be clear about that. You can't give away  $1.5 trillion that you don't have.   And next year they are going to be heard to say: Geez, we have no  money. We have to cut all of these programs that middle class Americans  and working families rely on to survive and to prosper and to get a  shot. And their answer is going to be: There is no money.   And why isn't there any money? Because we gave it away to  millionaires and billionaires and corporations and people who didn't  need it. As a result of it, you are going to pay for it by cutting  Medicare and cutting Social Security and cutting Pell grants.   The immorality of this is stunning.   So I think we have to not only defeat this tax scam, but call it out  for what it is. This is an effort by our Republican colleagues to  finally get what they want. I think our Speaker has said: I dreamed  about it, or, I drank beer thinking about cuts to Medicare and  Medicaid.   They call them entitlements. They are not entitlements. These are  earned benefits that people get after a lifetime of hard work, of  playing by the rules, of doing what is right.   This is phase one of a multiphase plan which will hurt working people  in this country, and we have to call them out on it.    A very distinguished colleague.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, it is important to note here--I think my  memory is correct on this--that the $1.5 trillion in debt which will be  generated by this tax giveaway is exactly the same number that they cut  from Medicare and Medicaid in the budget they just voted on. So we  don't have to wonder whether that is the plan. They have already done  it in the budget that they have proposed. And as you said, the Speaker,  Senator Rubio, and others have already acknowledged this.   So this should be clear. We are going to vote, and have already  voted, to give a tax cut    The gentleman is correct. They have already voted to  cut $1.5 trillion to give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in this  country, to the biggest corporations; and in order to pay for that,  they intend to gut Medicare and Medicaid and a whole range of other  very important investments we make, that our country makes, in  supporting and strengthening the middle class.   It shouldn't be a surprise to anyone when, next year, as the  gentleman said, the deficit hawks return in the warm weather to say:  Oh, my goodness, there is no money. We are going to have to end the  guarantee of Medicare. We are going to have to cut Social Security. We  are going to have to eliminate or cut Pell grants. We are going to  reduce all of these investments which matter so much to working  families in this country.   They are intent on doing that. They have tried to do it for the last  several years, but not to the magnitude of success that they expect  when they drain the coffers by giving away the money, which is exactly  their strategy. And it is why we have to fight hard against this tax  scam because it is not just a tax giveaway to people who don't need it.  It is what it will do to the economy.   I think there was a New York Times analysis of 38 economists. Not  one, not any economist I have ever heard of yet, has said that this tax  cut will pay for itself.   We keep hearing our Republican colleagues: Oh, this is going to pay  for itself. The economy is going to grow, and jobs are going to. It is  a pipe dream. There is not a single economist, Republican, Democrat,  Independent, who says these tax cuts will pay for themselves because,  of course, they won't.   Who will pay for them? The middle class of this country.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, one thing to remember there is that  States that are investing in their infrastructure, investing in public  safety, that are asking for local taxpayers to do their part, you  punish them, and you incentivize States that are not making that  investment. It is bad public policy.    Will the gentleman yield?    I started to interrupt. I was just going to say that,  for young people, what this tax scam does is particularly damaging  because it not only saddles the next generation with $1.5 trillion of  debt, but in addition to that, it makes their cost of pursuing higher  education more expensive.   Who in their right mind thinks it is a good idea to make it harder or  more expensive for young people to go to college? We ought to be making  it easier and more affordable, less difficult. Young people are already  graduating with enormous debt, going to a tough job market in terms of  what they can earn, and the Republicans are taking away the deduction  so they can finance a tax debt for the richest people in this country.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, an important part of that is doubling the  investment in apprenticeship programs, career and technical education,  making sure we are creating pathways to produce better wages, better  jobs for a better future. And the last thing families need, because the  focus has to be on raising family incomes, is a tax scam that is going  to raise their taxes.   That is exactly the reverse of what most middle class and working  families need. They need more money in their pockets, not less.   And when I hear my Republican colleagues say: This is a tax cut for  middle class, that is not true. For 87 million Americans, their taxes  will go up. For many Americans, the deductions that they take will be  eliminated, and 67 percent of the tax cuts go to the top 1 percent.   So it is important, again, that they are trying to jam this through  quickly because I think they understand that, if they don't, the more  the American people learn about it, the less they like it, and the more  they are going to attempt to stop it.    Except if you are a corporation. They keep that  deduction. So think about that. If you have to move to follow your job,  you can't deduct that from your taxes; but if your company moves your  job overseas, the corporations can deduct the cost of moving your job.    Correct. Correct.    Absolutely. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again  for including me. I look forward to the opportunity to come back and  talk in more detail about the economic agenda that we collectively have  put forward as the House Democrats working with the Senate Democrats  that is focused on better jobs and better wages for a better future,  the creation of 10 million full-time, good-paying jobs, expanded  investments in apprenticeships and work-based learning, ensuring that  we are providing investments in career and technical education,  affordable childcare, reducing the cost of prescription drugs,  rebuilding the infrastructure of our country. The list goes on and on,  all focused on creating good-paying, full-time jobs, raising family  incomes, reducing the costs that families bear on everything from cable  bills to prescription drugs and healthcare, and making sure people have  the skills necessary for the jobs of the 21st century so they can be  successful.   It is exactly the opposite of what is going to be achieved in this  Republican tax scam.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to coming back with my distinguished  colleagues, Cheri Bustos from Illinois, Hakeem Jeffries from New York,  and Mr. Garamendi so that we can talk in a lot of detail about our  economic agenda that will focus on supporting and strengthening working  people in this country and giving a better deal to the American people  than the raw deal they are getting from our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle.   