 Mr. President, I rise today to join with a number of my  colleagues, and I thank the Senator from Illinois for her comments on  pensions, but there is another battle that a lot of us have been down  here for a number of times over the last couple of years; that is, how  do we make sure this country honors its promise and provides a  permanent fix for our Nation's coal miners, particularly in terms of a  promise that was made back in the late 1940s by then-President Truman  in terms of healthcare for miners?   The last few months have been filled with an awful lot of uncertainty  about whether the promise of healthcare for miners, retirees, widows,  and others would be kept. As a matter of fact, earlier this year,  22,000 coal miners or their dependents received notices that their  healthcare benefits would be terminated at the end of April.   After months of uncertainty and fighting, we stand ready later this  week to pass a bill that would make sure America kept its promise. We  have spent a lot of time on this floor arguing for causes, but rarely  in the 8 years I have been here have I seen any Member of the Senate be  more engaged, more obsessed, more of a pain in the neck--and a pain in  other parts of bodies--on this issue than my great friend, the Senior  Senator from West Virginia, Joe Manchin. The truth is, without Joe's  tireless work and leadership, I am not sure the miners in West Virginia  or Virginia or Pennsylvania or other States that were affected would be  able to look at this piece of legislation and know that their  healthcare benefits are going to be maintained.   This didn't come easily. If nothing else, this shows again the power  of persistence. Joe first raised this issue in July of 2015, when he  introduced the Miners Protection Act. Since then, he has brought it  up--I ask my colleagues to contradict me if it is not the case--in  every public meeting or private meeting. Whenever there were more than  two or three Senators engaged in any topic, Joe would come bursting in  and say: We have to take care of the miners.   Well, there are a lot of times here in this Chamber that those kinds  of efforts are not recognized or rewarded. I just wanted to be one of  the first to say on behalf of all the miners in Virginia--but more  importantly to the 22,000 miners who otherwise would have lost their  healthcare--that many of us played some small role, but we wouldn't be  having a permanent fix to the law without the absolute leadership,  dedication, and determination of Joe Manchin.   Before I turn it over to my colleague from Pennsylvania to make a  comment or two, I know that at times Senator Manchin, as a former  Governor, has wondered: Can you really get stuff done here? Well, there  are a lot of issues we still have to work on; there are a lot of things  we haven't gotten done. But for a whole lot of miners, their widows,  and dependents, without the Senator's leadership, America wouldn't have  [[Page S2701]]  kept its promise. Because of his leadership and work, those miners, at  least in terms of their healthcare, can rest easy.   With that, I yield the floor to my friend from Pennsylvania.   