 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for working  diligently to create the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that will give a tax  break to the middle class.   After speaking to both Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Committee  member Tom Reed, I believe that an unintended consequence of this bill  would hinder middle class Americans pursuing a higher education degree  in an attempt to better their lives. These consequences will affect the  education of employees of universities, graduate students, and  employees receiving employer-provided education benefits.   Madam Speaker, under current law, higher education institutions can  provide tax-free tuition waivers or reimbursement to employees,  spouses, and dependents.   Secondly, many universities provide graduate students, including  Ph.D. candidates, with tuition relief and stipends, which they can  utilize while pursuing their degree. Several of my constituents,  including my niece, Sarah Schiavone, who is a Ph.D. student, would be  impacted by this.   Thirdly, employer-provided education incentives are currently not  taxed. I offered two amendments, amendments 20 and 21, to H.R. 1 that  would have kept these qualified tuition reduction benefits and  currently would have provided for them to continue.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I know the Senate is working on their version of the tax  reform package, and, as of today, the Senate bill does not include the  repeal of these vital education permits.   Mr. Chairman, I would like your assurances that the current status of  these education benefits will be protected during conference debate. I  am requesting you continue to work with my office as we, together,  address this issue.   Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Will the gentleman yield?    I yield to the gentleman from Illinois.   Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. It is a privilege to be able to work  with the gentleman on this issue, and, Mr. Chairman, it is a privilege  to work with you.   With eight colleges and universities in my district, I cannot ignore  the impact that eliminating this section that Mr. Turner eloquently  explained--the impact it may have on the students and the employees in  my district at all of those institutions.   The University of Illinois, the largest university in my district,  provided $184 million in tuition waivers to 1,387 faculty and staff  last year alone; 1,100 of those employees made less than $75,000.   I am worried, too, that that is going to have a tremendous impact on  graduate students. I am worried it is going to have an impact on the  custodians and the assistants in the Registrar's Office who are just  working at these institutions to be able to send their son or daughter  to college. So I look forward to working with Mr. Turner and Mr.  Chairman and working toward a solution.     I yield to the gentleman.    I yield to the gentleman.   