 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, one thing has become clear in this  country: Hard work just doesn't pay off like it used to. Over the last  40 years, GDP has gone up, corporate profits have gone up, and  executive salaries have gone up all because of the productivity of  American workers, but companies are not investing in their workers the  way they did. Workers don't feel like institutions--whether it is  government or big companies--work for them.   Again, GDP goes up, corporate profits go up, executive salaries go  up, worker productivity goes up, but workers' wages do not. Actions  like this today are the reason. Congress is voting to allow employers  in our most dangerous industries to hide injuries to workers and to  skirt worker protection laws.   This Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, rule  simply makes clear that it is the employer's responsibility to maintain  accurate records of serious injuries that happen on the job. The rule  simply makes clear that it is the employer's responsibility to maintain  accurate records of serious injuries that happen on the job.   It doesn't impose new costs. It doesn't affect small business. What  it does is it holds companies accountable for maintaining their own  records, as they have done for 40 years. These records are the most  important tool we have to identify and root out the most dangerous  workplace hazards. They are the basis for national statistics on  workplace health and safety.   Two former Commissioners from the Bureau of Labor Statistics--one  from the George Bush administration and one from the Barack Obama  administration--have written to this body, warning us that killing this  rule could undermine nearly a half century of worker safety  information.   So a leading Republican and a leading Democrat have both written to  this body saying: Don't do this; it will mean more workplace injuries.   I know people around here who have these kinds of jobs--where  workplace injuries rarely are even a fact of life--may not think about  this enough. Pope Francis exhorted his parish priests to go out and  smell like the flock. People in this body need to go out and talk to  workers more. Go to union halls, go to workplaces, listen to what  workers are saying, listen to what union members are saying, and listen  to what nonunion members are saying about what these workplace safety  rules mean.   Worse yet, this vote today will allow employers to falsify their  safety records with impunity. Companies can avoid OSHA rules and  inspections by underreporting--underreporting--harm to their workers,  and they can avoid making a real investment to make their workplaces  safer.   Over the past three decades, some of the worst offenders with  dangerous workplaces hid injuries and kept fraudulent records. They hid  injuries, and they kept fraudulent records. They claimed they were  safe, while workers were being hurt on the job.   These requirements only apply to the most dangerous industries-- industries where proper safety precautions could mean the difference  between life and death or a permanent disability for these workers. We  are talking about fall hazards, dangerous machines without proper  guarding, workers handling dangerous chemicals without adequate washing  stations.   Look at the poultry processing industry. These workers face serious  health and safety problems. In many plants, workers process 140  chickens a minute, and they are at risk for disabling injuries.   Maybe people around here don't think much about people processing  chickens. It is not a job that pays well. It is a job that is  difficult. Frankly, people in this body don't know people who do those  jobs, by and large. They are handling 140 chickens a minute. They are  at risk for disabling injuries.   We eat the chickens, but we don't see what happens when they are  processed, and we are not paying attention to that. That is why it is  so important we not vote for this rule change.   Too many employers fail to report these injuries. If OSHA isn't  empowered to enforce recordkeeping, processing plants will be able to  hide their safety violations and expose their workers to crippling  injuries.   This CRA vote today is about workers' safety, period. Workers' safety  is something so fundamental that it is hard to believe we are arguing  about it.   In the United States of America in 2017, companies shouldn't be able  to put workers' lives and safety at risk just so they can make more  money. They shouldn't be able to put their workers' lives and safety at  risk just to make more money, and we shouldn't be part of that effort  to help those companies do that.   To my colleagues who are prepared to gut this rule, I ask: Would you  be willing to work these jobs? Would my fellow Senators be willing to  send their children to work in these dangerous industries while turning  a blind eye to safety rules?   I think we know what the answers to those questions are. This is why  Americans are losing their faith in our institutions.  [[Page S1909]]    Earlier this month, at the Glenn School in Columbus--which is named  after my good friend, the late Senator John Glenn--I rolled out a plan  to reinvest in the American worker, but instead of coming together to  work on solutions, the Senate today is going in the wrong direction. We  are debating a measure to give big corporations--which in many cases  are more profitable than they have ever been--more ways to exploit  American workers, more ways to evade the consequences, and more ways to  pad their profits at the expense of everyday Americans.   American workers aren't just a cost to be minimized. Protections for  workers' safety aren't a luxury you can cut. It is disgraceful that  this body fails to understand this.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   