 Mr. President, I had very serious concerns about the  nomination of Attorney General Scott Pruitt for Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, and opposed his nomination. His  record on the environment is abysmal. My office received a great number  of comments from people in the State of Vermont, which takes  environmental protection very seriously, as well as from all over the  country. They fear that Mr. Pruitt is bought and paid for by the fossil  fuel industry and the protection of our environment is in serious  jeopardy. Make no mistake, the nomination of Scott Pruitt was a  nomination designed to protect the fossil fuel industry and not the  environment.   In many ways, Scott Pruitt is the worst of the worst of all of  Trump's nominees. Donald Trump was going to drain the swamp. He  promised to ``break the cycle of corruption'' and ``give new voices a  chance to go into government service.'' Well, guess who is running the  swamp now: the same corporate cronies Trump promised to drain out of  Washington.   Scott Pruitt wants to be the Administrator of the Environmental  Protection Agency, but he is no friend of the environment. He boasts on  his website that he is a ``leading advocate'' against the EPA. He said,  ``The agency's actions are at best incompetent, and at worst  reprehensible.'' He testified to the House Committee on Science, Space,  and Technology in May 2016 that ``the EPA was never intended to be our  Nation's frontline environmental regulator.''   What is particularly troubling is his record as Oklahoma's attorney  general--as Oklahoma's chief enforcer of clean air and water  protections for his constituents--he sued the EPA 14 times and still  has 8 active cases against the EPA. In all but one of these 14 cases  Pruitt brought against the EPA, he was on the side of corporate  interests. And in 13 of the 14, these companies or trade associations  were also financial contributors to Mr. Pruitt's political causes.   Shockingly, Scott Pruitt disbanded the Environmental Protection Unit  of the Oklahoma Attorney General's Office. He claims that he continued  environmental protection, but the State budget shows that funding for  ``environmental law'' in the attorney general's office fell from  $486,000 in 2011 to 0 in 2014. In the State's 2016 budget, there was a  line item for ``environmental law''--with $0. In fact, of the more than  700 press releases he issued as Oklahoma's top law enforcement  official, not one touts an environmental enforcement case in Oklahoma.  It seems clear that he abandoned all meaningful environmental  protection. This is concerning because reports show that the Trump  administration is considering eliminating the EPA's Office of  Enforcement, which would mean that the Agency would no longer be able  to independently enforce our Nation's antipollution laws.   At a time when we have to strengthen environmental protection, Mr.  Pruitt will be working overtime to carry out President Trump's goal to  destroy the EPA. Does this sound like someone who should be running the  EPA? Not to me. More than 230 different environmental, health, and  public interest groups agree that Pruitt is unqualified--so do former  EPA employees. More than 770 of them from across the country all signed  on to a letter that asked us to reject Pruitt as the next EPA  Administrator. When hundreds of environmental groups and former EPA  employees tell us that this guy is not qualified, maybe we should  listen.   The scariest thing about Scott Pruitt being the Administrator of the  EPA is that our EPA should be working nonstop to address the most  pressing environmental issue of our time--the global crisis of climate  change. In 2009, the EPA Administrator found that the carbon pollution  causing climate change threatens the public health and welfare of  current and future generations; yet President Trump has called climate  change a ``hoax.'' In November 2012, he tweeted: ``The concept of  global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S.  manufacturing non-competitive.''    Perhaps it should come as no surprise that Mr. Pruitt takes the same  page from President Trump. Pruitt said in March 2016, ``Reasonable  minds can disagree about the science behind global warming, and  disagree they do.'' He also said ``The debate about climate change is  just that, a debate. There are scientists that agree, there are  scientists that don't agree, to the extent of man's contribution and  whether it is even harmful at this point,'' he added ``We've had ebb  and flow, we've had obviously climate conditions change throughout our  history and that is scientific fact. It gets cooler. It gets hotter.  And we do not know the trajectory is on an unsustainable course. Nor do  we know, the extent by which the burning of fossil fuels, and man's  contribution to that, is making it far worse than it is.''   When I questioned Mr. Pruitt in his confirmation hearing on January  18, he said: ``I believe . . . the degree of human activity's impact on  the climate is subject to more debate on whether the climate is  changing or whether human activity contributes to it.'' He even told me  that he thinks that his opinion on climate change is  [[Page S1443]]  immaterial to his role as EPA Administrator. This is ludicrous. It is  not immaterial--it is in fact essential--that we have an EPA  Administrator who agrees with the scientific data and is willing to  lead the fight against climate change. Yet, in his answers, he stated,  ``there is a diverse range of views regarding the key drivers of our  changing climate among scientists. I believe that these differences  should be the subject of robust and open debate free from intimidation.  If confirmed, I will continue to encourage an honest debate on our  changing climate, the role of human activity, our ability to measure  the degree and extent of human activity, and what to do about it.''   Almost all--97 percent--of scientists have concluded that climate  change is real. It is caused by human activity. And it is already  causing devastating problems in our country and around the world. If we  do not move aggressively to transition our energy system away from  fossil fuels toward sustainable energy like solar, wind, and  geothermal, the problem will become much worse.   Just this month, a report in the peer-reviewed journal The  Anthropocene Review, researchers found that humans are causing the  climate to change 170 times faster than natural forces. This is just  another reason why it is unacceptable for Mr. Pruitt to say that he  ``believe[s] the ability to measure with precision, the degree of human  activity's impact on the climate is subject to more debate on whether  the climate is changing or whether human activity contributes to it.''   For 200 years, we have been burning increasing amounts of fossil  fuels to heat our buildings, generate electricity, and power our  vehicles. When we burn fossil fuels, we release significant amounts of  carbon pollution into the atmosphere. In fact, today, humans release  more than 35 billion tons of CO2 in the atmosphere every  year. According to NASA, the concentration of atmospheric carbon  dioxide has never exceeded 300 parts per million in the past 650,000  years. In 2013, CO2 levels reached 400 parts per million for  the first time.   So it should not come as a surprise to hear that the planet is  warming at an alarming rate: 2016 was the hottest year on record, and  16 of the 17 hottest years have occurred since 2000. Nor should it come  as a surprise that we are already seeing devastating effects of climate  change all across the United States and around the globe: more intense  wildfires, heatwaves, drought, extreme storms, flooding, rising sea  levels, and more. Americans are worried. A study released last month  shows that more than 6 in 10 Americans say that they worried about  global warming.    But climate change is not the only area that makes Americans worried  about Pruitt being the EPA Administrator. They are worried about  Pruitt's inaction in the face of a growing number of earthquakes in  Oklahoma. In the past few years, Oklahoma has been plagued by thousands  of earthquakes, which the U.S. Geological Survey said are tied to  fracking wastewater injection. Oklahoma's current earthquake rate is  now 600 times higher than its prefracking rate. Oklahoma now has more  earthquakes on a regular basis than California.   In 2011 in Prague, OK, The Oklahoman newspaper reported a 5.6  earthquake, stating that scientists ``believe the earthquake was caused  by injection wells in the area.'' To put that in perspective, an  earthquake in the magnitude 5 range, like the one reported, releases as  much energy as the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima in 1945. But,  before 2009, there were, on average, two earthquakes a year in Oklahoma  that were magnitude 3 or greater. By 2013, there were 109 magnitude 3  or greater earthquakes; by 2014, that had grown to 585 magnitude 3 or  greater earthquakes; and by 2015, there were 907 magnitude 3 or greater  earthquakes.   The damage was extensive; 40 to 50 buildings in Cushing, OK, were  substantially damaged in a November 2016 earthquake. In reaction to the  then-largest earthquake in September 2015, the Pawnee Nation passed a  resolution against fracking activities after suffering damage to seven  historic tribal buildings. The Ponca Nation also passed has a  moratorium on fracking because the earthquakes have caused damage to  their crumbling water infrastructure and buildings. Scientists say that  Oklahoma is ``almost certain'' to have more earthquakes, with  heightened risks of a large quake probable to endure for a decade.   The Attorneys General in my State of Vermont, California, and New  York have all frequently acted quickly to address environmental  problems; yet, during Mr. Pruitt's hearing, he told me he did nothing  to help folks in Oklahoma who had been hurt by earthquakes caused by  fracking in Oklahoma. Pruitt's sole response to my questions during his  hearing about what he had done to address the earthquake problem in his  State was to say he has ``acknowledged that he is concerned.'' That is  it. ``He's concerned.'' He did not stand up and say he will do  everything he can to stop future earthquakes as a result of fracking.  He did not sue the corporations who were causing the earthquakes on  behalf of the people of Oklahoma. He did not hold a press conference.  He did nothing.   These earthquakes are so concerning because the EPA ``regulates the  construction, operation, permitting, and closure of injection wells  used to place fluids underground for storage or disposal'' as part of  its role in preventing contamination of drinking water. So, if we let  Pruitt will nor lead the EPA, there is nothing to say he will not  abandon efforts to regulate waste fracking water injection to protect  the American people from earthquakes. If his past record is any  indication, it is very questionable that he will take action to protect  communities from harmful effects like these.   Maybe the reason so many are concerned he will abandon efforts to  enforce environmental laws and why he was willing to abandon Oklahomans  when they needed him is because he is in the pocket of corporate  industry. Pruitt received more than $350,000 in contributions from the  fossil fuel industry. Pruitt raised huge amounts for his two Federal  PAC--known as Liberty 2.0 and Oklahoma Strong. According to Politico,  Liberty 2.0 has raised more than $168,000 from energy interests, and  Oklahoma Strong leadership has raised $72,000.   In 2014, in a Pulitzer Prize winning investigation, the New York  Times exposed that Pruitt and numerous other Republican attorneys  general had formed secret alliances with energy corporations. The New  York Times also exposed the Defense Fund, which is a dark money  offshoot of the Republican Attorneys General Association. The Defense  Fund received $175,000 in 2014 from Freedom Partners, which coordinates  the Koch brothers' political activities. The New York Times also  detailed how, in 2011, Pruitt wrote a letter to the EPA Administrator  claiming that Federal regulators were grossly overestimating the amount  of air pollution caused by energy companies drilling new natural gas  wells in his State. Pruitt did not write the letter on behalf of  Oklahoma residents; he did it on behalf of one of Oklahoma's biggest  oil and gas companies, Devon Energy. As he fought for corporate donors,  the American Lung Association named three urban regions in Oklahoma as  having the 25 most heavily polluted air regions in the United States.   These examples of Pruitt's corrupt relationship with corporate  polluters are so shocking and dangerous because he wants to lead the  EPA, an Agency which is most responsible for protecting our kids and  grandkids from the very polluters he has protected for so long. For the  sake of our children and grandchildren and the future of this planet,  were there none of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who  would speak out to say that Mr. Pruitt should not be confirmed as head  of the EPA?   The last time I checked, no one voted to pollute the environment in  the last election. The majority of Americans do not agree that we  should be dismantling protections that ensure clean air and clean  water. In fact, according to Gallup, more than 7 in 10 Americans worry  about drinking water pollution and air pollution. That is why we cannot  allow Scott Pruitt to drive the EPA into the ground. He has shown that  he wants to dismantle basic air, water, and climate protections.   We cannot rollback decades of progress. In fact, we are in desperate  need of strong laws and regulations to  [[Page S1444]]  protect the environment and fight climate change. Do not be fooled.  Scott Pruitt is not for protecting American citizens and the  environment, but for protecting giant polluting corporations. With a  record like his, we cannot expect Pruitt to safeguard our drinking  water and air from pollution. With Pruitt, the environment will be  auctioned off to the highest corporate bidder no matter the cost to the  American public. It was for all these reasons that I strongly opposed  Mr. Pruitt's nomination, and I urged my colleagues to join me in voting  no.   