 Madam Speaker, a lot has been said today on  the floor about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from my friends on the other  side of the aisle. They think that this bill before us will make losers  of the American workers or of the American economy. The truth is the  status quo--our current broken Tax Code--is causing our workers and our  economy to lose.   Back in southeast Missouri--I will give you an example under the  current Tax Code--a machinist in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, working 40  hours a week is fearful to work harder because the more money that they  make, the less that they will have percentagewise unde our current Tax  Code. That is simply not right, Madam Speaker.    Back in southeast Missouri, a cotton farmer in Hayti has worked for  decades to build his family farm hoping to pass it on to his daughter.  Yet, under the current system, his daughter would have to sell portions  of the farm or take out a massive loan to continue the family  operation.   The status quo in our Tax Code is rigged against the American  taxpayer. They can't afford an army of lawyers, accountants, and  lobbyists to find all of the loopholes and the bailouts available only  to a select few.   The status quo are tax rates for businesses that are so high that the  American companies are not able to grow, hire new workers, or be  competitive with other countries around the world.   The other side of the aisle was arguing to keep a broken Tax Code  that is punishing hardworking taxpayers. All of the grandstanding  leaves us with one question that needs to be answered for the American  people: What do these tax cuts mean for you? It means that the  hardworking family in southeast Missouri will keep more of their  paycheck.   Instead of being penalized for success, this bill is about employees.  It is about wages. It is about getting to keep more of what you earn.  For families and couples, the first $24,000 you earn under this bill  will be tax free. You get to keep it. You get to decide how to spend  your own money, not the government.   It means that the small businesses and family farms won't feel the  sting of the IRS and the death tax when tragedy strikes their family.   It means that lobbyists and special interests become the losers. We  close loopholes in handouts that the hardworking taxpayer can't get.   We are ending a Tax Code that isn't built for the everyday American.  We are making it simple and fair. It means that America can now compete  and win again.   With this bill, we lower the business rate to historic levels. We are  making our economy healthy again. We know from history that a healthy  economy takes care of itself. It is more stable and sustainable. It  provides for full employment, better jobs, and higher wages.   Former President John F. Kennedy knew this when he said: ``Our true  choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and the avoidance  of large Federal deficits on the other. It is increasingly clear that  no matter what party is in power, so long as our national security  needs keep rising, an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will  never produce enough revenue to balance our budget just as it will  never produce enough jobs or enough profits.''  [[Page H9357]]    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Madam Speaker, surely, the lesson of the last  decade is that budget deficits are not caused by wild-eyed spenders but  by slow economic growth and periodic recessions. Any new recession  would break all deficit records.   This bill makes the American worker, the American family, the  American farmer, the American small businesses, and the American  economy winners once again.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act.   