 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Nadler for yielding to  me.   Mr. Speaker, that is just the way it is. Since the start of 2017,  more than 14,340 people have been killed by gun violence in the United  States, more than any other country on Earth. That is just the way it  is.   More than 29,150 have been wounded. More than 680 of those have been  children.   In October, 58 people were killed and 515 wounded in Las Vegas in the  worst mass shooting in our Nation's history.   But we don't have a bill on the floor to prevent the creation of  machine guns, which are illegal, by bump stocks.   Just 5 weeks later, a gunman entered a church in Sutherland Springs,  Texas, and killed 26 worshipers, while wounding 20.   The majority's response?   Bring to the floor a bill that makes America less safe, more replete  with people carrying and concealing weapons in our communities. This  bill says: If you want to carry a concealed weapon in a State that  doesn't allow it constitutionally, no problem. Get your concealed carry  license in another State that does.    In other words, every State, no matter their own judgment, talk about  States' rights, no matter their own judgment, must be subjected to the  policies of the least protective State in the Nation.   Instead of addressing the very serious problem of rampant gun  violence in a constructive way, the Republican majority is bringing to  the floor a bill that makes it easier to hide dangerous weapons in  public.   Newtown, Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas, Sutherland Springs, and  community after community after community. What will it take for this  Congress to act? What will it take to face this challenge instead of  ignoring it? How many more will not live to see the new year or begin  it with debilitating injuries they will carry for the rest of their  lives? How many times will we have a moment of silence and a year of no  action?   Mr. Speaker, defeat this bill. Its rational provision of NICS, making  sure people report, does not justify the danger it expands. Support the  rights of States to protect their residents from hidden firearms. Do  not ignore the crisis that confronts our country. Have a moment of  action, a moment of legislating more safety, not less; not simply a few  seconds of silence to lament the loss of life, whether it be in Las  Vegas or Orlando or in our own communities. Defeat this bill. Come back  and do some positive, constructive work that makes America safe again.   