 Mr. President, I am grateful for this opportunity also  to offer a few remarks on the confirmation of Governor Sonny Perdue as  Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. President Trump could  not have nominated a more qualified individual to lead the USDA.   Today's vote is not only a huge win for agriculture and rural  America, but it is a win for the American economy. This vote also  represents the first time since the 1990s that a southerner has become  Secretary of USDA. For many Arkansans, agriculture is not just a rich  part of our State's heritage; it is our livelihood.   Over the last few years, this livelihood has been threatened due to  tough economic times in the farm economy. As I travel across the State  of Arkansas, I see and hear about those challenges firsthand. In 2013,  the farm economy accounted for a record high of $120 billion. Three  years later, the farm economy now has accounted for a record low of $67  billion. This is a really hard time for the farm economy, and folks are  really hurting in rural America.   Now more than ever, our farmers and ranchers need a champion. I  believe Sonny Perdue is that champion. One of the ways we can help our  farm economy is by opening new markets for American products. I was  pleased that during his confirmation hearing, Governor Perdue expresses  his support for working hard to open new markets to American  agricultural products.   As a two-term Governor from Georgia with a background in agriculture  and as a veterinarian, he understands the importance of the agriculture  industry to our economy and the challenges our farmers and ranchers  face in rural communities. I can think of no better person to lead the  USDA during this challenging time. Governor Perdue's resume is  impressive, and he is highly respected in the agriculture community.   Simply put, he has what it takes to get the job done. I congratulate  Governor Perdue on his confirmation as Secretary of USDA. I thank my  colleagues in the Senate for their support, and I look forward to  working closely with him and his staff to address the needs of rural  America.   I yield the floor.   