 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Colorado.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the rule providing for  consideration of H.R. 1219, the Supporting America's Innovators Act of  2017. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation that has seen  productive debate and almost no opposition when it was considered by  the House Financial Services Committee. The House considered a very  similar bill last July that received 388 votes here in the House in  support.   Congressman Patrick McHenry has been steadfast in his dedication to  finding opportunities to update our securities laws so we can harness  the true power of our capital markets. In recent memory, this started  with the JOBS Act, which was very bipartisan and has been crucial to  reinvigorating our capital markets. However, there is still more we can  do.   The Supporting America's Innovators Act of 2017 increases the limit  on the number of individuals who can invest in certain venture capital  funds before those funds must register with the SEC as investment  companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Currently, the act  limits the number of investors in an investment company fund to 100 if  the fund is to be exempt from registration with the SEC. This  registration is an extremely costly regulatory requirement that is not  always appropriate.   The Chamber of Commerce describes this as a fix to what has come to  be known as the ``99 investor problem,'' that is, the requirement that  certain venture capital funds register with the SEC once they reach  their 100th investor. Increasing this low threshold, originally set in  the 1940s, would allow venture capital to continue to play the  important role in the economy that it has in the past.   Unless Congress updates this threshold, startups, the driver of job  creation and economic growth in our districts, will continue to be  choked off from what should be easily accessible and affordable  capital.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and to support  this bipartisan legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to be clear so that my good friend from  Colorado understands where I am coming from.   I don't really care about this bill. I think it is a noncontroversial  bill that, quite frankly, probably could be approved by voice vote if  it were brought up that way.   The point I am trying to make is that this is a relatively minor bill  compared to some of the important issues that we need to deal with. It  is troublesome to me that, on this bill, which my friend from Colorado  said involved years of hearings and where the sponsor of the bill  consulted with Democratic colleagues--I favor all of that. But what I  am really outraged about is that, while we are talking about this  relatively inconsequential bill and about how wonderful this process  around this bill is, there are meetings going on in secret, right now,  with my Republican colleagues, on dismantling health care in this  country, conversations that might result in tens of millions of  Americans losing their health insurance, conversations involving taking  away essential benefits from insurance packages, conversations that  would basically remove protections for people who have preexisting  conditions.    All of this is going on in secret. We are reading about it in the  press. I am sure my colleagues know about it because they are reading  about it. Maybe they are proud of these secret meetings. I want to know  where these secret meetings are.   I am simply saying to my friends on the other side of the aisle, on  something as big as health care, you ought to be having these meetings  out in the open. There ought to be hearings. You ought to bring in  patients and patient advocate groups. You ought to bring in doctors,  nurses, and heads of hospitals. You ought to bring in people who are  going to be affected by any kind of changes you make in our healthcare  policy.   Instead, it is being done behind closed doors, in secret, and I think  the American people are outraged by that. That is one of the reasons  why the bill you brought to the floor recently only had 17 percent  support amongst the American people.   So what we are objecting to is the fact that we are not bringing to  the floor matters that are urgent, like keeping the government running  and like an infrastructure bill. We are also objecting to the fact that  we are reading that my Republican friends are, once again, behind  closed doors negotiating another healthcare bill that we think will do  great damage to the health care of a lot of people in this country.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   