 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Jay Clayton to serve as Chairman of the Securities and Exchange  Commission. Americans deserve a Chair who will run the SEC on their  behalf, not for the benefit of Wall Street banks and big corporations.  Far too many folks in this town have collective amnesia about the costs  of the last financial crisis: $19 trillion lost in household wealth, 8  million jobs lost, more than 15 million foreclosures, hundreds and  hundreds of them in the Presiding Officer's and my State.   Those numbers don't seem to get better as time goes by. All over the  country, in Ohio and elsewhere, families want strong rules that prevent  banks from doing as they please, enriching themselves at the expense of  others and then handing the bill to American taxpayers. The most basic  duty of the Chair of the SEC is leading his fellow Commissioners  through tough issues and policing Wall Street.   Mr. Clayton will fall woefully short. His law firm, his former  clients will create a steady stream of conflicts of interest, forcing  him to recuse himself in cases involving former clients for 2 of the 4  years he would serve as Chair.   He will be sitting on the sidelines on potential enforcement actions  because of his representation in the work he did prior to being at the  SEC. That is not draining the swamp. Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank,  Royal Bank of Canada, UBS--he will have to recuse himself on all of  those cases. That does not sound like someone who will be in there  fighting for the American people or working to protect America's  financial markets.   It is not a theoretical concern. Former Chair White faced conflicts  and recusals in more than four dozen enforcement investigations in her  first 2 years. In those cases, big banks, like Bank of America, used  those recusals to their advantage when the Commission was deadlocked.  That undermines the Commission's authority. That is why I opposed Ms.  White for her position--one of the same reasons I am opposing Mr.  Clayton. Instead of confirming the same kind of nominees we have had in  the past, with dozens of conflicts of interest and recusals, we should  be considering someone who actually will work to protect investors.   At his hearing, Mr. Clayton failed to provide clear answers to  questions about how he would approach enforcement matters. He gave  empty answers about punishing bad actors and individual accountability.   Accounting fraud, selling toxic derivatives, and corporate foreign  corruption usually involve senior management and happen because the  tone from the top allows it to happen. Mr. Clayton does not see it that  way. He spent his career representing--excuse me--protecting Wall  Street banks. That history guides his view on how SEC enforcement  should work.   According to Mr. Clayton, the SEC should proceed with caution, even  before opening an investigation. That is not his job. His job is to  open investigations when it looks like there is wrongdoing. He says it  would have serious adverse impacts on respondents. He has it totally  backward. Not investigating companies that may be committing fraud or  other abuses because it might create problems for them--how about the  American public?   How about the neighborhood I live in in Cleveland, OH, 44105? That  ZIP Code had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States  in 2007. That is partly because of a lack of enforcement at the SEC. I  see it up close. I know what that means to our communities. I know what  it means to our country.   Acting Chair Piwowar began undermining the SEC's enforcement division  in his first month on the job. He reversed steps taken by the two  previous Chairs that empowered the SEC's enforcement staff to open and  pursue investigations.   I am concerned about Dodd-Frank rules. If he is confirmed, he will  have  [[Page S2667]]  to answer for the unilateral rollback of final Wall Street reform rules  that this acting SEC Chair, Mr. Piwowar, has already undertaken. Wall  Street reform rules requiring disclosure of CEO-to-worker pay ratios-- all the kinds of things that this Congress overwhelmingly decided  Congress should do and the SEC should do.   For years, Congress has funded the SEC below the levels requested,  despite more responsibilities and increasing marketplace complexity and  sophistication. I am concerned about Mr. Clayton's likely behavior in  that regard also.   Last, public service is important. It is valuable. It should not be  viewed as a chance to push the favorite policies of big corporations.  That is what we have seen too often in this town.   This nominee, Mr. Clayton, who comes from Wall Street, who is part of  Wall Street, we know from past experience will protect Wall Street at  the SEC--the wrong thing to do. From his background, his answers to the  questions in the committee's hearing and questions for the record, I am  not convinced that Mr. Clayton comes close to being the best person for  the job. I will oppose his nomination.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  5 minutes and delay the vote until 5:25 p.m., until the completion of  my remarks.    Mr. President, I appreciate the Presiding Officer's  forbearance and also the cooperation always of the chairman of the  Banking Committee, Senator Crapo. We had a good hearing today on  reinsurance and on European Union issues on insurance regulation. I  appreciated the work we were able to do there and the work we are doing  on Russian sanctions, which is increasingly important, as we see, as  the clear links between Russia and the American elections are becoming  clearer. The links are becoming clearer and clearer to Senators in both  parties.   I rise in opposition to the nomination of Jay Clayton to the  Securities and Exchange Commission. We have seen this movie before,  where we nominate someone to chair the Securities and Exchange  Commission who starts off almost handcuffed with their hands behind  their back because he has--as did his predecessor--far too many  conflicts of interest, far too many demands for recusal, far too many  cases he has worked on.   We hear of a President who talks about draining the swamp, who wants  regulators and people in Washington who don't have conflicts of  interest and who can look at this in a fairminded, clear-eyed way.  Instead, we see a White House that is full of Goldman Sachs former  officials. In fact, the White House on some days looks like a retreat  of Goldman Sachs executives. That is a long way from clearing the  swamp.   What we are seeing in the case of Mr. Clayton--and we had a good  meeting with him, and I thought his testimony was pretty good--is that  he is smart, he is educated, he knows these issues well, but he is  going to have to recuse himself because of conflicts with UBS, Deutsche  Bank, and Goldman Sachs. He has worked on so many of these cases as a  Wall Street lawyer for so many years that at this Securities and  Exchange Commission--where the President still hasn't appointed a  Democrat, which really he is supposed to do but hasn't seemed to have  gotten around to it--that we are going to see all kinds of  opportunities for mischief, we are going to see all kinds of delays and  tie votes, and we will see an inability for the SEC to operate when  they should.   I oppose the confirmation of Jay Clayton. I think he is capable, but  he will not serve this country well. He will not keep corporations and,  especially, banks honest on all kinds of corporate governance issues.  He will not be as supportive of the investor public because of these  recusals and conflicts that he faces. I think it is a bad idea, again.  I opposed the previous Democratic nominee for this job because she had  far too many recusals and conflicts that she had to do. I think this is  a mistake to do this again.   I ask my colleagues to vote no, to oppose the confirmation of Jay  Clayton to the Securities and Exchange Commission.   I yield back my time.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   