 Mr. President, I wanted to take an opportunity to clarify  the implications of title II in the reconciliation bill before us  pertaining to the development of oil and gas resources along the  coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.   As our colleagues recall, the Senate instructed the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee to report legislation that reduces the  deficit by $1 billion between 2018 and 2027. In response to those  instructions, the committee reported recommendations to open the  refuge's coastal plain, otherwise known as the 1002 Area, to oil and  gas development.   In the process of considering and ultimately reporting this  legislation, the chair of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee,  the senior Senator from Alaska, Ms. Murkowski, assured members of the  committee that, if the legislation became law, it would require such  development be subject to the full scope of environmental review  required by the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, as well as  other environmental laws.   Indeed, earlier in this floor debate, the Senator from Alaska  reiterated an assurance that the environment and local wildlife will  always be a concern and a priority and that this legislation does not  waive NEPA or any other environmental laws. I take my colleague at her  word and thank her for her commitment.   After the Energy Committee reported its recommendations to the Senate  Budget Committee, the Parliamentarian advised that the committee- reported language directing the Secretary of the Interior to manage the  oil and gas program on the coastal plain ``in accordance with'' the  Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 and its supporting  regulations set up a clear conflict of law with NEPA, which is the  jurisdiction of the EPW Committee. Because any changes to NEPA  applicability, scope, and the content of environmental reviews  conducted under the law, especially those within a National Wildlife  Refuge, lie exclusively within the jurisdiction of the Environment and  Public Works Committee, the language in section 20001(b)(3) was found  to be extraneous under the definition in section 313(b)(1)(C) of the  Congressional Budget Act.   It appears that this effect may have been inadvertent, given the  assurance we have received from the Senator from Alaska, chair of the  Energy Committee, that ``we did not waive NEPA or any other  environmental law.'' In any event, as a result, the substitute  [[Page S7698]]  amendment if adopted, would modify section 20001(b)(3) in an effort to  eliminate extraneous language. It does this by directing the Secretary  of the Interior to manage the oil and gas operations in the coastal  plain in a manner ``similar'' to the requirements of the Naval  Petroleum Reserves Product Act of 1976. This modification, while it  might appear to be small, is a significant change.   The Parliamentarian has advised that the language in the substitute  is in order, meaning that it no longer runs afoul of section  313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act. The new language appears  to achieve the stated intent of the chair of the Energy Committee to  not repeal, modify or otherwise limit in any way the application of  NEPA, the Endangered Species Act, the Marine Mammal Protection Act, the  Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, or any other  environmental or land management statute. Importantly, the requirement  that oil and gas activities must be determined to be ``compatible with  the major purposes for which such areas are established,'' as required  by 16 U.S.C. 668dd(d)(1)(A), still applies.   The Senate should be fully aware of the substantive difference  produced by the perfecting amendment offered by the majority leader,  Mr. McConnell. The change in the management regime as required by this  amendment significantly reduces the receipts generated by lease sales  that are mandated on the coastal plain, as shown in the amendment's  score produced by the Congressional Budget Office.   While the Energy and Natural Resources Committee rightly exercises  prime responsibility to determine the scope and nature of oil and gas  leasing activities broadly, these activities are subject to a variety  of aforementioned environmental and natural resource statutes and  associated regulations that fall within the Environment and Public  Works Committee's jurisdiction. That is particularly true of activities  in National Wildlife Refuges and most certainly true of the refuge's  coastal plain.   Indeed, NEPA assessments for Federal oil and gas activities in  Alaska's Kenai National Wildlife Refuge are conducted in accordance  with the same standards applied to oil and gas leasing in all other  refuges. The Bureau of Land Management, in coordination with the Fish  and Wildlife Service, will continue to apply the provisions of the  Mineral Leasing Act and the associated regulations, memorialized in 43  CFR part 3100, which specify that leases shall be issued subject to  stipulations prescribed by the Fish and Wildlife Service.   In summary, I would just say that my colleague from Alaska, as chair  of the Energy Committee, and I, serving as the ranking member of the  Environment and Public Works Committee, share a common understanding  that NEPA and other seminal environmental laws will apply to potential  leasing activities and related exploration and development on the  coastal plain of the Arctic Refuge.   