 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Hensarling), our distinguished chairman of the committee.   I want to start by thanking the gentlewoman from New York (Ms.  Tenney), who has become a real advocate for small financial  institutions and their customers. Escrow requirements are costly and  burdensome for community banks and credit unions. Many institutions  lack the resources to create and maintain escrow accounts in house, and  outsourcing the work is, in many cases, cost prohibitive. But this  doesn't mean that these financial institutions shouldn't be in the  business of mortgage lending.   H.R. 3971 amends the Truth in Lending Act to direct the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau to exempt from certain escrow requirements  a loan secured by a first lien on a principal dwelling if the loan is  held by a creditor with assets of $25 billion or less.   Under the bill, the Bureau must also provide either exemptions to or  adjustments from the mortgage loan servicing and escrow requirements of  the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. That relief applies only to  servicers of 30,000 or fewer mortgage loans. These aren't high  thresholds, nor are the institutions that will benefit large or  complex.   The gentlewoman's legislation is targeted squarely on the small banks  and credit unions servicing Main Street; the financial institutions  that have relationships with their customers.   This is an important aspect of the bill that isn't delineated in the  legislative text. I can tell you, as someone who has made loans in my  community for more than 30 years, that these small institutions care  about their customers. Community bankers help people fulfill their  dreams of homeownership because they care about the customer and  economic health of their community.   The unfortunate reality is that, across the Nation, these banks and  [[Page H9802]]  credit unions are exiting the residential mortgage business. I heard  from one just a few days ago. It isn't necessarily one rule that is  driving this trend. It is the onslaught of rules from the CFPB and the  Federal prudential regulators that, in totality, make mortgage lending  and servicing cost prohibitive.   These rules aren't helping consumers. They are forcing banks to cut  off services and access to mortgage credit. They are bushing borrowers  to large financial institutions and nonbank servicers, the very  entities that the ranking member and some of my friends on the other  side of the aisle say pose the greatest threat to consumers.   The gentlewoman's legislation ensures that consumers continue to have  various credit choices by allowing smaller institutions to remain in  the mortgage market without being deterred by the high cost of  regulatory compliance. The increase in the small servicer exemption  threshold will better delineate small servicers from the large  servicers and give credit unions and community banks greater  flexibility. This flexibility will help to ensure that more of their  customers have access to the mortgage market and achieve the dream of  homeownership.   We shouldn't be driving that business away from small servicers, and  we shouldn't subject community institutions, in this instance, to the  same regulatory regime as larger ones.   This is an issue the Financial Services Committee has worked on for  several years, always with bipartisan support. I want to thank the  gentlewoman from New York for picking up this legislation and for  diligently working on this matter. I hope my colleagues will join me in  supporting H.R. 3971 and other measures that allow our Nation's smaller  financial institutions, their customers, and their communities to  thrive.   