 I thank the gentleman, who chairs our Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee and is so passionate in not only finding a  solution to the opioid epidemic, but also his great work on mental  health reform as well, as was passed into law in the 21st Century Cures  legislation.   As you know, the year before, the Energy and Commerce Committee also  passed legislation to begin to address this issue. We will be doing a  lot of work, going forward, to look at what is working on the ground  and what is not.   Addiction, as you well know from your clinical experience, is an  equal opportunity destroyer. It is a crisis that doesn't pick parties.  It doesn't pick people because of their race, age, or socioeconomic  status. We all know someone impacted by the opioid epidemic. It has  literally touched every corner of our country and every community in  our States.   The epidemic has hit close to home in my home State of Oregon, where  more people now die from drug overdoses than from deaths in automobile  accidents. I have met with community leaders, first responders,  doctors, police officers, patients, and those on the front lines of  this fight against opioid addiction.   At roundtables throughout the Second District of Oregon, I have heard  firsthand accounts of the impact of the opioid epidemic. It didn't  matter if I was in a rural eastern Oregon community or a more populated  city in southern Oregon. The tragic stories were all too similar and  all too familiar.   Medical professionals across Oregon told me about the rapid  acceleration of the opioid epidemic over the last 20 years. They have  witnessed patient after patient fall into the traps of addiction.   I heard from Oregonians who have struggled with the epidemic  themselves. At our roundtable, a woman in Hermiston talked about how  she became addicted to painkillers. After a minor foot injury, she got  a prescription for an opioid-based painkiller. In her decades-long  battle with this addiction--trying to get off of this addiction--she  was forced to travel more than 5 hours into Washington State just to  find a provider who could help her with Suboxone and get off of her  addiction. There was nobody locally who could help her.   I heard from a father whose son was a high school athlete. He was  prescribed opioids after a sports injury. Tragically, he became  addicted. Soon, he transitioned to what we know as a cheaper and more  deadly version of the drug known as heroin.   Sadly, this young man would not survive his addiction. He died from  heroin. It devastated the family and stole another American in the  prime of his life. This story is repeated all too often.   Combating the opioid epidemic in Oregon and every State of the union  is going to require a real bipartisan team effort to continue, from  elected officials with the input from healthcare experts and those on  the front line of this fight in our local communities.   In the Energy and Commerce Committee, we stand shoulder-to-shoulder,  all of us together, saying: What can we do more to help in this crisis;  to seize the opportunity before us; to look at the legislation that was  enacted in the last Congress to make sure that the grants are getting  to the ground, as they are in my State; and that we are getting the  help and that it is actually working?   It is one thing to pass a bill. It is another to make sure it is  implemented correctly and that it actually works effectively.   I commend my colleague from Pennsylvania, Chairman Murphy, for the  work that he is doing on this and the compassion he has for those  families who are tragically caught up in this addiction. Together, we  are going to find our way through it.   