 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the past several weeks, there have been  real discussions--bipartisan discussions about fixing the problems in  the Affordable Care Act, about controlling the growth of premiums,  about being sure that there is some certainty in the market to prevent  the collapse of the individual market, which, by the way, will not only  affect people who are participating in the Affordable Care Act  exchanges but will affect all those in the individual market, and we  could stop that.   The Senate HELP Committee had 4 days of hearings, roundtables,  coffees with other Senators to talk about what the problems are, what  we can do to solve them, and we were making some real progress. Then,  all of a sudden, up comes TrumpCare 4.0 or 5.0--I have lost track-- another bill to essentially repeal and not replace the Affordable Care  Act.   On July 21, 1861, there was an occurrence at the beginning of the  American Civil War. It was the First Battle of Bull Run. The Union  troops were routed that day, and there was a disorganized retreat back  to Washington. That has been known historically as the Great Skedaddle,  and that is exactly what is happening again today. This is the great  healthcare skedaddle because what the Senate majority is doing is  avoiding responsibility.   You don't want to be discriminated against because of preexisting  conditions? Well, that is not our decision. We are passing it on to the  Governor. The Governor can make that decision; it is not we who are  doing it.   You don't want to have the bands for the differential between young  people and old people changed so that elderly people pay twice, three  times, four times, five times as much as young people for health  insurance? You don't want responsibility for that? Fine. Pass this bill  and give it to the Governor.   That is what we are talking about--a copout. It is the Senate  majority once again trying to jam down the throats of the American  people a change they don't want. They don't want it.   Everywhere I went in Maine in July and August after our vote back at  the end of July, people said thank you. They said thank you, and they  said to tell Susan Collins thank you for the vote to preserve our  healthcare. Yet here we are, back at it again.   I think we need to understand what this bill does. Essentially, it  does two things. It shifts all the responsibility for the healthcare  provisions for the most vulnerable Americans entirely to the States,  with very little in the way of guardrails or protection, and it gives  them less money in order to provide that kind of healthcare. That is  called shift and shaft. Shift the responsibility, and shaft the people  who have to try to meet that responsibility.   I have been a Governor. What we are talking about here is cutting off  the support and the dollars that are needed to meet those  responsibilities. Everyone says: Well, this is all flexibility. We are  providing flexibility--flexibility to make agonizing decisions between  providing healthcare to seniors or to children, to people who are  disabled or to people who are just trying to get on their feet and go  to work without the specter of a healthcare disaster hanging over them.   I suspect we will have more to say about this next week, but it is a  travesty.   I understand there is going to be a little hearing on Monday. I call  it a figleaf hearing. There is going to be a hearing. We don't know who  is going to be there. We don't know exactly what the testimony is going  to be. It is going to be a hearing so people can say, yes, we had a  hearing.    Well, come on. This is not a responsible way to legislate, and the  people of this country expect more of us. I hope both parties--both  parties--will recognize the folly of what is being proposed here and  say no. Then, let's go back to talking, on a bipartisan basis, and fix  the problems with the American healthcare system which certainly need  to be addressed.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   