 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Guthrie from Kentucky.  He has done a terrific job on the Energy and Commerce Committee on many  fronts related to improving healthcare, especially for seniors and low- income Americans, among others.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 849. This is the  Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act of 2017. This will repeal  the Independent Payment Advisory Board, IPAB.   The purpose of IPAB is to reduce Medicare's per capita growth rate.  While, certainly, that is important work, this is not the solution.   The IPAB, created by the Affordable Care Act, would be composed of 15  unelected bureaucrats authorized to unilaterally make decisions  regarding Medicare's finances, whether that be through draconian cuts  to provider payments or by imposing policy changes that would reduce  Medicare spending if the program exceeds an arbitrary growth rate  target.   In other words, they can do just about anything they want to cut  Medicare, and we don't have much of a say in it. These changes would  automatically go into effect, and the Secretary of Health and Human  Services would be forced to implement these reductions should IPAB be  triggered, unless Congress passed legislation that would achieve the  same amount of savings.   It is also worth noting that current law does not require a public  comment period before IPAB issues their recommendations, so there would  be no chance for the public to weigh in. And individuals and providers  would have no recourse against the board--can you imagine that?--as its  decisions are not subject to appeal or judicial review. This is hardly  a model of transparency and accountability.   While IPAB hasn't been constituted yet, the threat of this provision  of law remains. So I cannot support IPAB. I never have, because its  potential cuts to providers, our doctors and hospitals and others and  healthcare facilities would increase out-of-pocket costs for seniors  and potentially limit the availability of medical services, restricting  seniors' access to care, particularly in our rural areas.   Congress can and should act now to prevent IPAB and prevent the  unelected bureaucrats from ever being at the helm of our country's  Medicare Program.   I know the importance of this program. It took very good care of my  parents, my wife's parents, and others I know. We should reject the  premise of surrendering our oversight and our responsibility to  preserve and protect the Medicare Program to a board with the power to  make binding decisions about Medicare policy, with little  accountability.   We know how to make sure seniors have an affordable, sound, reliable  healthcare system. We have to create competition at every turn in the  healthcare system and look for models that work, like Medicare part D.   