 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to this block of  amendments, and I do appreciate that this block seeks to increase  funding to address the National Park Service's $11.3 billion backlog of  deferred maintenance.   I firmly believe that we need to increase annual appropriations for  our parks, but funding shouldn't come at the expense of other critical  agency accounts.   In my neck of the woods, the Olympic National Park, alone, has $150  million in backlogged maintenance needs, so we are not going to  accomplish this enormous goal a few million dollars at a time. The real  solution is for Congress to provide a robust and dedicated funding  source, and that is why I partnered with Representative Hurd and my  fellow Washingtonian, Representative Reichert, to introduce the  National Park Service Legacy Act, which will create a dedicated source  of funding to address the National Park Service maintenance backlog.  This bipartisan and bicameral bill is funded through unobligated  mineral royalties and would generate up to $500 million, annually,  through 2047.   So, if we are serious about addressing the overwhelming maintenance  backlog in our national parks, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment and join me in support of the National Park Service Legacy  Act.   Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to all these amendments  included in the en bloc. Many of them use offsets from accounts in the  Environmental Protection Agency of the Fish and Wildlife Service, and  they are already severely underfunded.   I am particularly troubled by one amendment to this group that  threatens our Nation's most visited wilderness area. Let me tell you  why I oppose the Emmer amendment.   The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, located in northern  Minnesota, is one of the last truly wild places in America. These 1.1  million acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes  are beloved by adventurers, canoers, and sportsmen from all across our  country. This national treasure lies in the vast Rainy River Watershed  and flows north into Voyageurs National Park and onward towards Canada.   Recently, there has been a push to conduct sulfide-ore copper mining  less than 3 miles from the Boundary Waters Wilderness. This mining  threatens to irreplaceably damage the waters, the wildlife, and the  landscape. Sulfur ore mining is the most toxic industry in America,  polluting waterways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury,  and lead.   In 2014, the Mount Polley sulfide-ore mine in British Columbia  failed, dumping billions of liters of toxic sludge and leaving  permanent environmental damage in its wake.   To protect the boundary waters from this type of destruction, the  Forest Service acted last December and launched a thorough  environmental analysis with public engagement to assess what type of  mining, if any, is appropriate on Federal lands and this watershed for  the next 20 years. The Trump and the Obama administrations have both  agreed we need a thorough, scientific-based assessment of the best  management of this sensitive ecosystem and conservation of our boundary  waters.   The Emmer amendment upends this careful process. It pushes aside the  Forest Service's ongoing study. It mandates that dangerous copper and  sulfide mining will be allowed in the watershed, regardless of the  conclusions of this environmental study, and it intentionally ignores a  public process that hundreds of thousands of Americans weighed in on  with comments on both sides of the issue. In my opinion, this amendment  sets a horrible precedent, wastes taxpayer dollars already invested in  this study, and threatens a national treasure, and it should never  become law.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   