 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week our colleagues in the House of  Representatives introduced the American Health Care Act--legislation  that will deliver on a promise we made to repeal ObamaCare and to  replace it with healthcare options that won't force people to buy an  insurance product just because the government tells them to do so or  penalize them if they don't but will replace it with one that actually  fits the needs of their families at a price they can afford.   It is no secret that ObamaCare was oversold back in 2010 when the  President said: If you like your policy, you can keep your policy. If  you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. And by the way, an  average family of four, he said, would save $2,500. That has not proven  to be true.   ObamaCare, to boot, has wreaked havoc on our economy and on American  families just trying to stay healthy. In my State of Texas, it has led  to fewer healthcare options, skyrocketing premiums, and deductibles so  high that insurance plans are rendered almost useless. By one estimate,  about one-third of Texas counties have only one insurance option, and  that is the case throughout the Nation. Nearly one-third of all  counties in the country have only one insurance company offering plans  on their States' exchanges.   The truth is, ObamaCare has never added up to better coverage at a  more affordable price; it has never delivered more options--just the  opposite; and it never kept its promises when it was being sold to the  American people.   Now is the time for us to do right by the American people by  delivering more access to quality healthcare at a price Americans can  afford.   The American Health Care Act doesn't just tinker around the edges of  ObamaCare; it is a complete do-over.   This bill, for example, repeals ObamaCare's individual mandate, the  requirement that you buy government-approved insurance, and if you  don't, we are going to fine you. That is repealed.   It repeals the employer mandate. I still remember being in Tyler, TX,  and talking to a gentleman who owned a restaurant and who said he had  to lay  [[Page S1763]]  off some of his full-time staff, putting them on part time, just to  avoid the penalties that go along with the employer mandate. And by the  way, he introduced me to the single mom who now, instead of working one  full-time job, had to work two part-time jobs just to keep food on the  table for her family.   This bill also repeals the medical device tax. This was an incredible  tax on medical innovation which wasn't on income but literally on gross  receipts, forcing jobs to move from the United States to places like  Costa Rica and Central America.   This bill repeals ObamaCare's Medicare payroll tax increase, the net  investment tax increase, the ObamaCare tax on prescription drugs, and  the ObamaCare health insurance tax.   This is the full repeal of ObamaCare that we have been promising for  years now.   I want to point out that this bill also provides unprecedented  entitlement reform. Some of the main cost drivers for the Federal  Government are not the 30 percent of Federal funds that we appropriate  each year that are largely divided between defense and nondefense  spending. Entitlements are driven by the fact that they are not capped  or pegged to an inflation rate for Medicare, Social Security, and  Medicaid.   This legislation actually begins to put Medicaid--the healthcare plan  for the most vulnerable in our country--on a reasonable path to  sustainment. This bill also makes sure that the States that share in  the cost of Medicaid can manage their own State budgets in a much more  responsible way.   This bill is the first real Medicaid reform since the program was  created which, perhaps most importantly, gives more authority, more  flexibility to the States to manage the dollars they spend, to manage  not only the dollars they come up with through their own tax rolls but  the Federal portion as well. And as I said, it puts the Medicaid  Program on a path toward fiscal responsibility.   I believe this legislation is critically important across the country  and for my State of Texas, too. In Texas, every other year, when the  legislature meets and tries to determine how to allocate its budget,  they work very hard to try to make sure that Medicaid isn't the single  largest expenditure in the State budget. Right now, about a third of  that total budget is spent on Medicaid alone, and the Federal  Government essentially ties the hands of the State in terms of managing  the healthcare delivery system to help those most vulnerable low-income  folks in our State.   With this legislation, not only do States like Texas have the ability  to manage the expenditure of the money to focus on chronic diseases-- people who are using our healthcare system a lot because of the nature  of the illnesses they have--but also to help encourage medical homes so  that people have ways of managing their healthcare to stay healthy  longer and to reduce healthcare expenditures.   This legislation will help Texas and the rest of the country have a  way to rein in spending while serving those who need Medicaid the most.  You will hear some of our friends across the aisle saying that this is  about kicking people off of Medicaid. Well, that is not true. For those  people currently on Medicaid, Medicaid expenditures will not change at  all as long as they remain on the rolls. That includes those who live  in States that expanded the Medicaid coverage from 100 percent of  Federal poverty to 138 percent. Those people will stay on Medicaid as  long as they are eligible. Under this new legislation, Medicaid is put  on a sound fiscal footing so the program is still around for our  children and grandchildren.   Another important feature of the American Health Care Act is that it  establishes a patient and State stability fund to equip Texas and other  States to meet the specific healthcare needs of their patients,  particularly those, as I have said, with low incomes and those  suffering from chronic illnesses.   It will provide more money to community health centers that do a lot  of heavy lifting to make sure that families are healthy and that people  get access to the treatment they need regardless of whether they  actually have health insurance. In Texas, we have hundreds of community  health centers serving more than 1 million Texans each year. Under the  American Health Care Act, they will be able to do their job more  effectively and keep more Texans healthy.   Responsible entitlement reform is something we should be all about.  It serves the American people not just for tomorrow but for decades  down the road. Most importantly, I believe what this legislation does  is it finally delivers on the promise we made back during the debate  over the Affordable Care Act.   Now that the Affordable Care Act has proven itself to be  unsustainable and does not deliver on the basic promises, the  fundamental promises upon which it was sold to the American people, I  believe it is important that we keep our promise to repeal it and  replace it with more choices of affordable healthcare at a price people  can afford. It is the conservative answer to healthcare that will  empower individuals, provide more options and competition, and  responsibly help those who need care have more access to it.    Madam President, I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: The Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   