 Mr. President, I will vote against confirming  Representative Ryan Zinke as Secretary of the Interior, and I would  like to take this opportunity to explain why. To put the matter  succinctly, Representative Zinke--if he is confirmed--will be charged  with implementing the Trump administration's ``energy independence  plan,'' which includes maximizing energy production on Federal lands,  including the outer continental shelf,  [[Page S1512]]  OCS. I oppose oil and gas drilling off the coast of Maryland and the  entrance to the Chesapeake Bay. There is too little to gain and too  much to lose.   Last November, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, BOEM, wisely  did not include any parcels in the Atlantic in the 2017 to 2022 plan to  lease offshore land the Federal Government controls. In December, then- President Obama used his authority under section 12(a) of the 1953  Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953 to withdraw unleased OCS  lands from future lease sales, too.   This makes sense. According to BOEM, the entire Atlantic OCS, from  Maine all the way to Florida, has 1.15 billion barrels of  ``undiscovered technically recoverable'' oil and 12.80 trillion cubic  feet of ``undiscovered technically recoverable'' natural gas. These  sums sound large, but let's put them in context. The Gulf of Mexico OCS  has more than 40 times as much oil and 10 times as much natural gas.   Meanwhile, the U.S. Geological Survey, USGS, recently determined that  the midland basin of the Wolfcamp Shale area in the Permian Basin has  20 billion barrels of oil and the natural gas equivalent of another 1.6  billion barrels. The oilfield stretches over 118 miles from Lubbock to  Midland. It is the largest ``continuous oil'' discovery in the United  States, according to the USGS, three times larger than the assessment  of the oil in the mammoth Bakken formation in North Dakota.   It doesn't make any sense to jeopardize the marine life and the  fishing and tourism industries along the Maryland coast and Chesapeake  Bay when there is so much more oil and gas in other parts of the  country.   Deepwater Horizon was a state-of-the-art rig, but it failed, causing  the largest oil spill in U.S. waters. Eleven crewman were killed. An  oil spill entering the Chesapeake Bay would be a disaster.   An even bigger threat to Maryland and other coastal States is climate  change and rising sea levels. We need to accelerate our transition from  fossil fuels, not our dependence on them. Two years ago, Oceana  concluded that modest levels of offshore wind development over the next  20 years could produce about twice the amount of energy along coastal  Atlantic States as offshore drillings and create more than 1.5 times  the number of jobs.   There is no provision in the 1953 law that permits President Trump to  reverse the Obama administration's section 12(a) OCS withdrawals, but  he is determined to try. When Representative Zinke was first asked  about lifting the moratoria, he responded, ``If I am confirmed, I will  work to implement President-elect Trump's policy.''   That is the problem right there.   I appreciate Representative Zinke's honorable service to our country,  both in uniform as a Navy SEAL and as an elected official in the  Montana State Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives. He has  called himself a ``Theodore Roosevelt conservationist'' and supports a  permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   It is possible Representative Zinke will try to resist the  Republicans' zeal for transferring ownership of precious public lands  from the Federal Government, although he supported a House rule change  at the beginning of this Congress to make it easier. Representative  Zinke is an avid sportsman who appears to appreciate the unique role  the Federal Government has in managing these resources for multiple  uses--not just energy production--and preserving them for future  generations.   While these are all positive factors, I am troubled that  Representative Zinke has received a 3 percent rating from the League of  Conservation Voters. He has vacillated on the issue of climate change:  in 2010, he was one of nearly 1,200 State legislators who signed a  letter to President Obama and Congress calling for ``comprehensive  clean energy jobs and climate change legislation.'' Since then,  however, he has repeatedly expressed doubt about anthropogenic climate  change. In an October 2014 debate, Representative Zinke stated: ``it's  not a hoax, but it's not proven science either.'' During his  confirmation hearing, Representative Zinke said that humans  ``influence'' climate change, but did not acknowledge the scientific  consensus that human activity is a dominant cause of climate change. He  also supports using the Congressional Review Act to overturn rules  agencies have spent months and even years to develop.   For all of these reasons, but particularly out of concern for the  Chesapeake Bay and Maryland's beautiful shoreline and coastal  communities, I will vote against confirming Representive Zinke as  Secretary of the Interior.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose the nomination of  Representative Ryan Zinke to be Secretary of the Interior.   The Department of the Interior is charged with judicious management  of our Nation's public lands. It is responsible for balancing  conservation, recreation, and development to ensure that Americans get  the best use and best value from our collective natural resources.   President Teddy Roosevelt, one of the greatest stewards of our public  lands, once said: ``I recognize the right and duty of this generation  to develop and use the natural resources of our land; but I do not  recognize the right to waste them, or to rob, by wasteful use, the  generations that come after us.''   The Obama administration took important steps to protect our  resources and provide best value to taxpayers. Taking Atlantic Ocean  drilling off the table protects our coastal areas and the vital tourism  industry up and down the Eastern Shore, including Ocean City.  Modernizing the coal leasing process ensures that taxpayers get proper  payment for use of common resources. Preventing methane leakage on  public lands stops waste of resources and pollution from a potent  greenhouse gas.   Representative Zinke's history in Congress casts doubt on his  commitment to these important initiatives. He has a mere 3 percent  lifetime score from the League of Conservation Voters and an F grade  from the National Parks Action Fund. I appreciate that he has spoken in  opposition to the sale or transfer of public lands to States, but I am  deeply concerned about his vote in January in the House of  Representatives for a rule change that would make sales and transfers  much easier.   As the Sierra Club has said: ``Rather than dedicating himself to the  preservation of our public lands, Representative Zinke has repeatedly  sided with those who would dismantle, degrade, or dispose of them.  Mining, drilling, logging, and dirty energy interests have been placed  time and again before the public interest''   In an op-ed opposing a Department of the Interior rule to update coal  leasing to get better value for American taxpayers, Representative  Zinke said that the Obama administration was ``fighting a more  aggressive war against American coal than they are against ISIS.'' This  kind of hyperbole does not bode well for Representative Zinke's ability  to represent American taxpayers or promote conservation as Secretary of  the Interior, should he be confirmed.   In his nomination hearing, Representative Zinke pledged to support  Federal public lands, permanently reauthorize the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, and address the National Parks maintenance backlog.  These are important promises from any nominee for the Department of the  Interior. Unfortunately, Representative Zinke's voting record does not  give me confidence in his commitment to fulfill them, and therefore I  must vote against his nomination today. I am proud to be a member of  the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies, and if he is confirmed, I look forward to working with him to  protect our public lands and ensure that American taxpayers get a fair  deal for our common resources.   