 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the REINS  Act, legislation that I and many of my colleagues are proud to have  cosponsored to help bring expensive and expansive regulations under  control.  [[Page H129]]    Over the past several years, major regulations have cost small  businesses, States, local government, and individuals billions of  dollars and have cost them jobs. So this is a commonsense bill to  enhance transparency and give Americans greater say in their  government, and I thank Representative Collins of Georgia and Chairman  Goodlatte for their leadership on this issue.   By requiring Congress to approve any major regulation with an annual  economic impact of $100 million or more on the economy, the bill opens  the process so our constituents--the people--can have their voice heard  in the process.   I'm also pleased an amendment I offered last year, which was accepted  by this body, is included in the bill's base text, section 801. That  provision requires more transparency by forcing agencies to publish the  data and justification they are using to issue the rule. It's important  the American people have access to the information in which these  conclusions are made. Section 801 directs the regulatory bodies to post  publicly the data, studies, and analyses that they use to come up with  their rules and conclusions so that we can all be on the same page.  Transparency.    Too often I hear concerns from Iowans about how overreaching  regulations are hurting their farms and businesses and impacting their  daily lives. From how our kids are taught, how we manage our personal  finances, or even drain the water in our communities, we have seen how  regulations and those who craft them have an enormous impact.   I hear from constituents how these regulations are out of touch,  don't reflect the basic, fundamental understanding of the important  sectors driving our economy or the daily lives of Iowans and all  Americans. These regulations, which have the full force of law, are  putting Americans out of work and increasing costs for consumers.   The REINS Act is an important, commonsense bill to help address this  problem. We must do more. I appreciate Chairman Goodlatte's commitment  to work with me on my Fingerprints bill to ensure further transparency  and accountability by naming those who author and write these  regulations. I thank Chairman Goodlatte and Representative Collins of  Georgia for prioritizing the REINS Act.   