 Mr. President, I come to the floor with a simple  question for my colleagues, especially my Republican colleagues: Why is  it that this Senate is working to pass a law which will deny millions  of our fellow Americans access to the kind of retirement saving plans  which we have access to as U.S. Senators? Why are we doing that?   I know all of us recognize that we have a retirement savings crisis  in this country. Too many Americans are saving too little for their  retirement years. We should be making it easier for people to put aside  some savings for their retirement rather than making it harder. Yet  this legislation will indisputably make it harder for millions of  Americans to put aside the kind of savings for their retirement that  Members of the U.S. Senate enjoy.   All of us know there are really about three legs to the retirement  stool. The fundamental basic piece is the Social Security savings. That  is the bedrock of the retirement system, but we all know that living  off of a Social Security retirement benefit by itself is very  difficult. After all, the average monthly Social Security benefit as of  January of this year was $1,360 a month. That is the average. That  means there are a lot below it and a lot above it. I can tell you,  $1,360 a month and below is really difficult for somebody to get by on  in terms of housing costs, medical costs, and other costs people are  facing today. That is why we need to strengthen Social Security, not  weaken it.   The second leg of the retirement stool for most Americans for much of  our history in the postwar period was a defined benefit plan through  our employers, where employers--especially  [[Page S2699]]  large employers--would provide their employees a retirement benefit of  a set amount over a fixed period of time during retirement. So that was  something people could rely on. As we all know, we have seen that leg  of the three-legged stool be dramatically cut down. It is not the  practice of most businesses today to offer defined benefit plans.   The third leg of that stool has been personal savings, the ability of  people to put aside a little money for their future. Just a few years  ago, we had a big wake-up call from the General Accountability Office,  where they looked at retirement around the country and concluded that  almost 50 percent of households of age 55 and older have no retirement  savings in vehicles such as 401(k) plans and IRAs. That same GAO report  found that 57 percent of workers' entire household savings and  investments was less than $25,000. More striking was that almost one- third of American workers had less than $1,000 in total savings. One- third of American workers had less than $1,000 in total savings.   We also know that 55 million Americans today do not have access to  tax-benefited, tax-incentive retirement plans like 401(k)s enjoyed by  those who work for major businesses. In fact, as all of us know,  Members and employees of the U.S. Senate have access to 401(k) plans.  If you work for a large business or a corporation of the United States,  chances are you are going to get a 401(k)-type plan which allows you to  deduct immediately through your paycheck funds for the purposes of your  retirement savings. Of course, many businesses also have some matching  and incentive for those savings.   So when we have a situation where 55 million Americans don't have  access to those kind of savings plans--which are an increasingly  important part of retirement security because of the fact that defined  benefit retirement has gone down so dramatically--most people would  ask: How do we incentivize? How do we incentivize more savings? One  innovative solution is in a growing number of States, as of now, five  States, including the State of Maryland. What the State of Maryland and  other States determined was that it is not that small employers or  medium-sized employers don't want to provide their employees with  access to these plans. They do. They want to be able to offer that kind  of benefit, but there is a cost, an infrastructure cost. There is a  burden to providing those kind of tax-preferred vehicles for retirement  savings to their employees. That is why they are not provided.   So what the States have done is, they have developed platforms which  allow those small businesses or medium-sized businesses, on a totally  voluntary basis, to sign up so their employees can benefit from these  tax-preferred savings vehicles--just like Members of the U.S. Senate,  just like most people who work for large corporations. In Maryland, we  have hundreds of thousands of Marylanders who were signing up for  these--a lot of people work for small businesses, a lot of people work  for startups, a lot of younger workers who are mobile and going from  one place to another--because this allows them, no matter which  employer they go to, to make sure they can access that vehicle. All it  requires is the employers to sign up for this platform which makes this  retirement savings easier.   What is really strange here is that in Maryland, this has been a  totally bipartisan exercise--totally bipartisan. We had Republican  State senators, Democratic State senators, members of our house of  delegates, our Republican Governor signing the bill because everyone  recognized that this was kind of a good thing to encourage these  savings opportunities to more Marylanders.   So why in the world would we, in the U.S. Senate, be passing a  resolution which knocks down the ability of States to provide these  kind of savings platforms? I have to say I have not heard an answer on  the floor of the Senate. In fact, I have heard very few Senators coming  to defend the vote we are apparently going to take at 5 o'clock.    I know for sure that Candidate Donald Trump did not campaign on the  idea of making it more difficult for hard-working Americans to save for  their retirement. That was not something he talked about on the  campaign trail. In fact, I thought a lot of his campaign message was  how he was identifying with struggling working families and wanted to  make life easier for those working families. That is what States like  Maryland are trying to do--make it easier for people who work for small  businesses and medium-sized businesses to put aside a little bit of  their savings for their retirement because, as I indicated, right now,  if you look at the different pillars of retirement, you have Social  Security and you have very little or a dwindling amount through a  defined benefit. Really, what we are left with are personal savings.   It is pretty alarming to see people in this Senate charging ahead to  try to eliminate the ability of States to do this. A few weeks ago,  this Senate voted to deny municipalities the ability to do this. That  was a very bad decision. Let's not compound a bad decision by taking  this right away from the States. After all, I hear from my colleagues  all the time that States are the laboratory of democracy. This is where  experimentation should take place. This has been a successful  experiment. It has been a successful experiment in five States. It also  doesn't cost the Federal taxpayer one dime--not one dime. It is a very  low-cost option for the States that enact these through their own  democratic process in the States. As I said, this has been a bipartisan  process in these States.   I really hope people will take a deeper look at what we are going to  be voting on at 5 o'clock today because I have heard a lot of our  colleagues on both sides of the aisle justifiably talk about the  retirement crisis we have in this country. Yet this Senate is poised to  vote on a piece of legislation that will make saving for retirement  more difficult for tens of millions of Americans.   So exactly what is it we are going to vote on? Well, the Obama  administration wanted to make it clear that States had the authority to  establish these platforms to help with savings because there was some  ambiguity under Federal retirement law whether States could do it. They  adopted a rule that made it clear that States would have this option,  and States have moved ahead. Now this Senate is talking about undoing  the rule that provided clarity so the States could move forward and  offer these retirement platforms.   I really hope this Senate will not vote today to take away this  ability of States to help millions of our fellow Americans provide more  money for their retirement savings.   I will close where I started. How can any Member of this Senate look  their constituents in the face and say to their constituents that they  voted to take away a retirement savings option from their constituents  when they have that savings option here as Senators? In the U.S.  Senate, like a lot of other large organizations, we have retirement  savings plans and we have 401(k) plans. So it is difficult to  understand how in good conscience Senators who enjoy the benefit of  that kind of plan can pull the plug on the ability of States to offer  that same kind of savings plan--in fact, not even as good, but at least  that savings platform to millions of our fellow citizens and say to  small- and medium-sized businesses that want to offer this benefit but  find it a little too costly--to deny them the option of signing up for  these State plans.   So I hope every Senator will examine his or her conscience on this  and make the decision that they want to make sure their constituents  can have access to at least some kind of the same benefit they have as  a U.S. Senator.   I urge my colleagues to vote against the resolution.   