 Mr. President, I know that later this afternoon, we  are going to vote on the nomination of Christopher Wray. I am proud to  support him, as I was during the Judiciary Committee, voting for him,  as did every other member of the Judiciary Committee. The reason is  quite simply that he is a professional, as nonpolitically associated as  anyone can be going into this position.   Like the FBI itself, he is known for his independence and integrity.  There are two qualities needed today for the FBI and its Director, and  those are independence and integrity. The FBI is  [[Page S4646]]  one of the most important law enforcement agencies and certainly one of  the most important in the country.   The FBI Director doesn't serve the President. He serves the  Constitution and the people of the United States. He must be  independent of political interference, and his or her integrity must be  unquestioned. The FBI deserves a leader with the integrity and strength  necessary for that solemn mission, and Mr. Wray has shown himself to be  that kind of leader. Those qualities are especially important because  never before have the rule of law and our law enforcement been so  threatened by political interference, and it begins at the very top.   The reason Christopher Wray has been nominated to serve as FBI  Director is that the vacancy was created by the firing of Jim Comey for  reasons that have led to an aspect of the ongoing investigation by the  special counsel.   The reason that position is vacant is because 3 months ago Jim Comey  was fired by the President because of ``the Russia thing.'' The Russia  thing was very much on the President's mind, more so than any of the  reasons given in the memos done by Attorney General Sessions and Deputy  Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, according to the President himself.   ``The Russia thing'' is the FBI and special counsel investigation  into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian Government to  influence our election.   There is no question that there was a campaign of interference and  meddling through cyber attacks, disinformation, propaganda, and other  means, and there is no question that the Russians will do it again  unless they are made to pay a price. Others may well collude or  conspire with them--Americans--unless they are compelled to pay a  price.   We have only to look at the morning headlines to see how far-reaching  and significant this investigation may be. The news that the President  himself wrote a statement to be issued in the name of his son about a  meeting with the Russian who promised ``dirt'' on Hillary Clinton and  directly misled about that meeting shows what is at stake.   The misleading words put into the President's son's mouth by Donald  Trump himself are potential pieces of evidence relating to criminal  intent fitting the mosaic that the special counsel has assembled. They  add weight and color to that mosaic; they are not alone proof.   The report today is proof that certainly describes a pattern of  conduct--pieces of a pattern that fit together into a mosaic providing  evidence of intent concerning potential obstruction of justice.   So the likelihood of a threat is increasing--the threat of political  interference, the threat of firing Bob Mueller, the threat that  Attorney General Jeff Sessions may be used as a vehicle to lead to Bob  Mueller's firing.   Even before Jim Comey's dismissal, I called for an independent  special prosecutor at the Department of Justice. In fact, I was the  only member of the Judiciary Committee to vote against Rod Rosenstein's  nomination as Deputy Attorney General because he failed to commit to  appoint a special prosecutor, and I believed a special prosecutor was  necessary not only to determine the full extent of Russia's meddling in  our democracy but also to protect that investigation from the  President's efforts to shut it down. This belief was brought into stark  relief by Jim Comey's firing, and it precipitated the appointment of  Bob Mueller.   The firing of Special Counsel Mueller would precipitate a firestorm  on both sides of the aisle. It would put the President over a precipice  that likely could lead to the most drastic action possible in this  democracy. That precipice can be avoided, and Congress must play a role  in avoiding it. We are in talks across the aisle about action that can  be taken to provide a check and a firewall against that kind of  firing--drastic action that would put the President over that precipice  politically and morally and legally. Also, my hope is that the new  Chief of Staff, General Kelly, will add a voice of reason and wisdom,  perhaps, to check some of the more rash and impulsive action that might  otherwise be taken by the President.    The special counsel was given a clear mandate to follow the evidence  wherever it may lead. I believe that Special Counsel Mueller has the  guts and backbone, as well as the expertise, to uncover the truth, to  follow that evidence, and to bring charges if they are appropriate and  necessary, if he is assured the resources and independence to do the  job.   That is why Christopher Wray's nomination is so critically important.  He will be a key decision maker in providing those resources and  investigative agents necessary to do the legwork and the review of  documents and other hard work--challenging work--that is necessary so  that the special counsel may have the facts and the evidence. The FBI  Director is also going to be important in assuring the independence of  that special counsel. As an ally and a source of support, the FBI  Director will be critical.   The most important priority, in fact, for Christopher Wray will be to  protect the independence and integrity of that special counsel  investigation just as he must protect the FBI's, because they are  intertwined and identified at the core. They involve the rule of law-- the essence of our democracy--and the belief and trust that wrongdoing  will be investigated and prosecuted no matter how powerful the target  and no matter how wealthy or powerful the wrongdoer. That investigation  has expanded appropriately to include financial dealings on the part of  the President of the United States. Any attempt by the President to set  limits on that investigation is inappropriate and potentially illegal  and further evidence of criminal intent.   In short, the mandate for both Director Wray and Special Counsel  Mueller must be unconditional. There must be no limits set by political  interference. The nominee whom we vote to confirm today must sustain  and secure that ongoing independent investigation from any interference  no matter how powerful the source, including the President of the  United States. No one can set limits, because no one is above the law,  and the special counsel must have the freedom to decide where the  investigation will lead because he will follow the facts where they  lead.   The FBI Director has a broad and inclusive mandate. In addition to  protecting the United States against corruption and wrongdoing  involving misuse and abuse of power, he must also protect the United  States against terrorism and foreign intelligence threats. He is  charged with providing leadership services to State, Federal, and  municipal agencies and partners, and he is responsible for protecting  civil rights.   On Friday, July 28, 2017, President Trump gave a speech in Selden,  NY, in effect encouraging law enforcement to use or misuse excessive  force. More specifically, he directed law enforcement not to be ``too  nice,'' and he described, graphically, how officers should potentially  allow arrestees to be banged on the head or otherwise mistreated. With  his comments, President Trump did a disservice to countless law  enforcement officers who work hard to keep our neighborhoods safe while  maintaining good relationships with the communities they serve.   I will be joining with colleagues and working with the very  distinguished senior Senator of California, who has joined us on the  floor, in asking that our law enforcement leadership take action to  express its disapproval of that kind of misconduct, and my hope is  that, specifically, the Department of Justice will express its  disapproval of such misconduct.   The FBI has a special obligation to condemn such violations of  standards and laws, and I hope that the new Director, Mr. Wray, will  join dozens of law enforcement leaders across the country in making  clear that the President's remarks have no place at the FBI. I believe  that Christopher Wray has the experience and credibility and the  expertise to lead the FBI in that effort, as well as in protecting the  special counsel.   Based on his career and his testimony before the Judiciary Committee,  I believe that he will bring that leadership to the FBI. I regret that  he will be the FBI Director only because it is the result of an abusive  and improper firing of James Comey. The special counsel's investigation  of that firing as a potential obstruction of justice is well warranted,  and I know that Mr. Wray will do everything possible to enable it to be  fair and effective, comprehensive  [[Page S4647]]  and thorough, and to do justice. He will help the special counsel to do  justice just as he will help prosecutors and law enforcement agencies  across the country to do justice. The future of the FBI and our Nation  are truly at stake.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   