 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for  organizing this very important Special Order. This is something that  she has been a champion on. This is my third term, and we have been  talking about this for 4 years. Enough is enough. It is time to end  this.   I rise today in support of Congress reclaiming its authority under  Article I, section 8, clause 11 of the Constitution. The United States  must have a clear strategy with well-defined goals to counter nonstate  actors like ISIS that threaten the United States. They threaten our  national security interests. We must also develop clear legal authority  for our military to take action against these groups. Ending the 2001  AUMF is a crucial part of that effort.   According to scholars at Brown University's Watson Institute of  International and Public Affairs, our government, our taxpayers, have  spent $4.8 trillion on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, paid for  almost entirely by borrowing.   As of today, 6,925 American soldiers have given their lives serving  our country in Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, Operation  Enduring Freedom, Operation Inherent Resolve, and Operation Freedom's  Sentinel, according to the Department of Defense. But what about the  costs to take care of these young men and women for the next 60, 70,  and 80 years in our country?   While our brave men and women in uniform continue to fight in the  sands of Iraq and Syria and the mountains of Afghanistan, we have gone  through three Presidential administrations without a statement  articulating what victory is, except that ``terrorism must be  defeated.''   No one disagrees with that goal, but it is an uncertain way to order  our Nation's military posture and to commit our young men and women in  the military serving this Nation without a clear, defined goal. We have  been at war in Afghanistan for 16 years, yet the Taliban controls or  contests 40 percent of Afghan districts, according to the Special  Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.   The U.S. intelligence community's worldwide threat assessment states  that ``the overall situation in Afghanistan will very likely continue  to deteriorate, even if international support is sustained,'' and that  ``endemic state weaknesses, the government's political fragility,  deficiencies of the Afghan National Security Forces, Taliban  persistence, and regional interference will remain key impediments to  improvement.''   In addition to Afghanistan, the United States has also been involved  in Iraq, on and off, since 2003.   Dr. James Zogby of the Arab American Institute conducted a poll of  Iraqi public opinion in 2016, which found that 94 percent of Iraqis had  an unfavorable attitude about the United States. Ninety-four percent of  Iraqis polled say they do not think the U.S. contributes to peace and  stability in the Arab world.    We need a much clearer strategy for our men and women in uniform than  to tell them just to keep doing the same thing over and over again. We  all know what the definition of insanity is, and we need to do better  for them and for our partners around the world.   Our Nation has arrived at a historic and constitutional moment. Prior  to President Trump's inauguration, President Obama released a framework  outlining his administration's formal legal view on the use of military  force against Islamic terror groups around the globe. That report  relied heavily on the 2001 AUMF, which has been used to justify  numerous American military operations against an ever-expanding number  of terror groups, many of which have only slight links to the  perpetrators of the September 11, 2001, attacks.   In reality, our loose interpretation of the 2001 AUMF to have a  perpetual war against terror might as well be using the authorization  that Thomas Jefferson used to go after the Barbary pirates on the  shores of Tripoli the way this has been stretched over and over again.  It is unconscionable.   I hope that President Trump's administration will not continue to  rely  [[Page H4353]]  on that same legal framework but, rather, that he will formally ask  Congress to pass a new authorization with a clear directive of what  success is for the use of force that will not perpetually operate in  constitutional gray areas.   Strikes against groups like al-Shabaab in Somalia take place in  constitutional twilight zones where the Constitution's distribution of  authority to use force is uncertain, as Justice Jackson wrote in  Youngstown v. Sawyer.   To better preserve our Constitution's separation of powers structure,  Congress must make it a priority to develop clear legal authority for  American military action against Islamist terror organizations.  Further, such authorization should be structured so it will not turn  into the expanding grant of power like the 2001 AUMF has done.   If we fail to pass a new AUMF, it would do our servicemen and -women,  as well as the American public, a fundamental disservice. It would  prolong authorization of an endless war.   It is time to end the Middle East conflict. Let's end the  authorization of the 2001 AUMF. Right now, I fear that many of our  military operations do not have congressional authorization and do not  comply with the clear statement of Article I, section 8, clause 11 of  the Constitution that gives Congress the power to declare war.   To show our servicemen and -women we support them, to uphold the  Constitution, and for the good of our Nation, I hope we can work on the  passage of a new AUMF with deliberate speed.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. Her commitment to this cause  is commendable.   