 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of General  Mattis. I rise to speak to my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat.  I rise to appeal to the unity of our Chamber, unity of our voice to the  world, unity for our men and women who voluntarily fight on our behalf.    Less than 1 percent of this Nation has gone forth for the past 15  years, over and over, sacrificing their youth, time with their loved  ones, and sometimes their lives. Imagine you are standing there next to  your spouse, best friend, or battle buddy at attention, and a flag- draped coffin passes you by, carried by an honor guard dressed in  impeccable military uniform. Uncontrollable tears flow around the room  as a ceremonial flag is tightly folded and presented to the stoic Gold  Star family. ``Amazing Grace'' played on the bagpipes is at once the  most beautiful and the most dreadful tone you have ever heard. You  yearn to hear it again, and you never want to hear it again.   Men and women like General Mattis, who have been here, understand the  true costs of war. Men and women like General Mattis will think  deliberately and carefully about putting the military into harm's way.  Men and women like General Mattis will fight very hard to put the tools  and the leadership in the hands of the military members so that they  may win.   Military members, perhaps more than our civilian counterparts,  understand civilian control of the Armed Forces. For in every  headquarters building that General Mattis or anyone else has served,  there is a prominent display of pictures of civilian leadership above  military commanders.   I am not naive to the politics. I, too, believe he should have been  here yesterday, but those opposed have made their point. We were  divided yesterday, but we can unify today. I ask that you rise above  politics. I ask you to support General Mattis not just with your words,  but with your vote. I ask that you show the same unity military members  show each other every single day. Let's give them a leader on day one.   