 Mr. Speaker, I come before you in support of  my bill, H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act.   Sixteen years ago yesterday, on September 11, 2001, we witnessed a  horrible tragedy that will leave an impression on generations of  Americans forever. Through this tragedy, we witnessed the heroic  actions of America's brave first responders working and volunteering in  the days and weeks that followed.   We lost many first responders during those attacks of 9/11, and we  continue to lose more every year from ongoing health effects.   All firefighters across our Nation sacrifice their health every day  to face the dangers of smoke inhalation and toxic chemicals. These  dangers cannot be entirely avoided, which is why this bill, H.R. 931,  is so important. This bipartisan legislation takes an important first  step towards addressing the detrimental health impacts faced by our  Nation's firefighters.   The career of firefighting is a dangerous one. There are nearly 1.2  million men and women serving as firefighters in the United States.  With every single fire they fight, these heroes take their lives into  their own hands. Firefighters bravely risk their safety to protect our  families, our homes, and our communities.    Unfortunately, the risks of firefighting surpass the scene of the  fire. These men and women are exposed to dangerous smoke and chemicals  that often result in a lifetime of health trouble. We see firefighters  all across the United States with higher rates of cancer than the  general population, and it is vital that we learn more about this  correlation.   That is why I, along with my colleague, Representative Bill Pascrell,  introduced the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act. This bill will require  the CDC to establish a registry to track cancer incidence in the  firefighting community. This comprehensive registry will work with fire  departments across our Nation to include the important variables of a  firefighter's career, including years of service, number of fires  attended, and the types of fires attended. This information is  essential to the development of future protocols, safeguards, and the  development of equipment that will better protect these men and women.   Firefighters put their lives at risk every day, and Congress should  do all it can to shed light and reduce the health hazards they face. I  would like to commend Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone of the  full committee, and Chairman Burgess and Ranking Member Green of the  Health Subcommittee for a bipartisan showing of support during both  markups of this legislation. I cannot think of a more relevant week to  bring this legislation to the House floor. I urge the rest of my  colleagues to support the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, as we honor  tragic losses of September 11.   