 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to address this body, and I  rise today to talk about H.R. 1469, the Welfare BRAC Act.   Before going into the specifics of the bill, I would like to talk for  a little bit about how we have arrived at a point of needing such a  fundamental restructuring of our Nation's antipoverty programs.   In 2015, the Federal Government spent $843 billion on welfare  programs, means-tested welfare programs. By some estimates, we have  spent more than $22 trillion on antipoverty programs over the past 50  years. Today, we have some 92 antipoverty programs run  [[Page H2511]]  by the Federal Government, all supposedly with the same goal:  to alleviate poverty.    This chart to my left highlights those programs. If you look: 5, cash  aid; 25, education and training; 2, for energy; 17, for food aid, and  on goes the list.   So how did we come here? Well, as Ronald Reagan said: ``Government  programs, once launched, never disappear. Actually, a government bureau  is the nearest thing to eternal life we'll ever see on this Earth.''   Why is that true? Well, it is true because touching some of these  programs is very polarizing. So when you touch them, they all have a  constituency. And the reality is, if the 15th food aid program worked  well, then the 16th wouldn't be launched. So if you want to address a  new problem, well, then you launch the 17th food aid program.   What doesn't happen over the time is finding a way to get those  programs to work together to be a coherent whole. So the solution,  really in a lot of ways, is bipartisan. The Brookings Institution is  rarely an ally to conservatives, and the Heritage Foundation is rarely  an ally to the left. Yet they would both agree that employment, healthy  marriages, and education alleviate poverty.   In fact, many of our programs, when we look at these listed, seek to  address those needs. There are 92 programs. Maslow, in the hierarchy of  needs, just addressed 5, and we have 92.   I think about the young social worker who wants to help someone who  comes into the office and perhaps each of these programs has a 4-inch  binder--a 4-inch thick binder, 92 of them. That is a pretty big  bookshelf. What if she only had to know 20 programs? What if there were  only 20 binders? What if there were only 5? What if there were 10?   I don't know whether the right number is a dozen or 20, but I don't  think it is 92. So what is the solution? Well, I have a bipartisan  solution that looks back to the history.   So in the Cold War, we had a very large Army, and, as we scaled down,  it was very politically sensitive to try to deal with the problems of  scaling down. Each base, each installation, had its own constituency,  and so we created BRAC, the Base Closure and Realignment Commission.  And the goal there was to have a quantitative set of objectives and to  have a commission that was bipartisan that gave Congress a straight up- or-down vote. That worked, by and large, and we were able to scale down  the military in a way that let the military focus on its mission.   So what I propose with H.R. 1469, the Welfare Benefit Realignment  Commission, is a four-Republican, four-Democrat commission, totally  neutral. It also does not seek to take away a dime of spending in it.  It seeks to reduce the number of programs so that the result is more  focused.   When Lyndon Johnson launched his war on poverty, he said that the  goal was to not just treat the symptoms but to find a cure and, if  possible, to prevent poverty all together.   So perhaps if we had a more focused effort, perhaps if we all focused  on the cause, instead of the programs, we could see results. Some of  these programs are clearly more effective than others at helping people  get out of poverty, yet the reality is, Americans have seen roughly the  same percentage of their fellow Americans in poverty for the entire war  on poverty.   So if we look at these programs under the same three goals-- employment, marriage, and education--perhaps we can find things that  are effective that lift people out, really, at the end of the day,  giving as many people as possible the dignity of work and a path to  escape poverty into a better future.   In fact, this path is very compatible with the Better Way agenda that  we have laid out for poverty for the years. It is not focused on  dollars. It is focused on efficiency. Later in the year, we are seeking  to provide off ramps so that you don't find a trap in the ``Better  Way.'' You don't find a trap--if you get a raise, you lose your  housing, or if you take that next job, or you get married, you lose  your education benefits, things that would provide an on-ramp and an  off-ramp for this system.   So that is part of the agenda for the year for the House. I think  this is very compatible with it. I am seeking cosponsors. I am seeking  support for this bill, and it truly is with a spirit of embracing the  common American value of providing a safety net for their fellow  Americans, but they want it to be effective.   So this is not about the cause. The cause is good, and fewer programs  lets it be more focused and, hopefully, get a good result.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this.   