 Mr. President, just as the Senator from California has  outlined the needs of her State, having been hit by a natural disaster,  so, too, natural disasters, not wildfires--although we have had plenty  in Florida--but hurricanes have hit other States.   Yesterday, this Senator spoke at length about the effects on a  particular industry, the citrus industry. I showed pictures of 75  percent to 90 percent of the fruit on the ground. This Senator made a  unanimous consent request to include a bipartisan amendment to get  money for agriculture, not just in Florida but Texas, Puerto Rico, the  Virgin Islands, and the wildfires in California into the package-- specifically, about $3 billion for agriculture. The losses in Florida's  agriculture are $2.5 billion, of which three-fourths of a billion is  just losses to citrus growers.   That is all the bad news because the unanimous consent request was  rejected. The good news is, although the  [[Page S6723]]  White House rejected it, they made a promise to put it in a continuing  supplemental emergency appropriations in November for all these natural  disasters and get that funding in there for agriculture. Some of us on  both sides of this aisle, in order to make sure that promise is kept,  have put a hold on the nominee for Deputy Budget Director. I will take  the White House at its word, and this ought to all be worked out in  November. That was the subject of my address to the Senate yesterday,  along with my colleague Senator Rubio from Florida, as we talked about  the losses particularly to agriculture.   Today I want to talk about how a month after the hurricane in Puerto  Rico and 2 months after the hurricane in Florida, the aftermath is not  going so swimmingly because people are not getting the assistance they  need. Mind you, this is 2 months after the hurricanes. People lost all  the food in their freezer because they didn't have any power. They are  supposed to get assistance in order to be able to buy food. If you are  living paycheck to paycheck and you don't have a paycheck, you don't  have any money to buy food. Therefore, you should get financial  assistance from FEMA and the USDA. Yet you ought to see the lines in  Miami, in Orlando, in Tampa, and in Belle Glade, and then they are  cutting off the lines. The people who are getting cut out are going  without food. So we have a long way to go.   The USDA's Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, called  D-SNAP, is supposed to help all of our people recover from losses  incurred by Irma by making short-term assistance available. It is  especially important for families who are low income, who don't have  income, or they are not getting a paycheck. Now they are saddled with  unexpected repairs like a storm-damaged roof. They spent money  evacuating or they lost wages during the storm, or they lost power and  lost all the food in their freezer. Some people buy food in bulk  because they can get it cheaper and store it in the freezer. Then, bam.  It is all gone because there is no power.   There were 50,000 people waiting at a center in South Florida, and  many were turned away after waiting in the heat for hours and hours.  The next day it was the same story in another city I didn't mention,  Delray Beach. The people are getting desperate.   I thank FEMA for everything it has done. I thank the Congress for  doing the first supplemental in September that was intended originally  for Harvey in Texas but along came Irma in Florida. I thank the  Congress for the additional supplemental we just passed last night, but  the administration of all these programs for assistance to people is  not going so well.   Let's take another example. You get on the phone and you call FEMA.  You are supposed to get a FEMA representative, and you have to wait. If  that is because FEMA needs more people on a short-term basis to handle  the amount of calls, well, FEMA, let's get it going.   What happens if you are calling because you need to have a FEMA  representative come to your house to inspect your house so you can then  get the necessary individual assistance to help you? You are waiting  for assistance as to when a housing inspector can come and visit the  home. Once you get through on the telephone, the last time we checked,  the expected wait time to get a housing inspector is 45 days. That is  too long for families to wait for an inspector to come because these  Floridians are stuck living in damaged homes. Their homes have gotten  wet, and, therefore, the mold and the mildew has built up, and they  don't have any place else to go. They don't have any income to go down  to one of the air-conditioned hotels, and they are still waiting for  the FEMA inspector to come and inspect their home so they can get  qualified to get the assistance that, in fact, they are due under the  law. Our people can't access certain forms of FEMA assistance until the  inspection is complete. I am told that FEMA has indeed increased the  number of housing inspectors on the ground, but this process has to be  expedited.    This isn't the only delay that is causing a very serious threat to  health and to safety in Florida. FEMA has been very slow to bring in  manufactured homes, mobile homes. Why? Because a lot of people's homes  and/or mobile homes were so damaged, they can't go back and live there,  so they get temporary assistance. They go into, hopefully, some air- conditioned place, such as an existing apartment complex or, per  chance, a hotel. But what if you are in the Florida Keys? What if you  are in the Keys, where there are not enough hotels and motels? In fact,  there are not a lot of apartments.   By the way, the service industry is necessary to revive the tourism  industry in the Keys, as an example, because that is the lifeblood of  the economy, and the service industry has no place in which to live  because their trailers are history.   I wish I had a picture here to show you of a mobile home park just  north of Big Pine Key that I went to. There was not one mobile home  that was upright. They were either all on their side, or they were  upside down. It is not unusual because these are the Keys. The  hurricane came right off the water, a category 4. But FEMA isn't  getting those mobile homes, those manufactured homes, in as temporary  assistance.   Understand, the example I gave is of the Florida Keys. There is one  way in and one way out. But you have to compensate for that. In the  meantime, people are suffering, and people are hurting.   The redtape should not stop anyone in this country from having a safe  place to live. I urge FEMA to expedite the transporting of these units  all over Florida, to Florida communities, and filling them up so that  Floridians have a place to live that is safe and clean.   I say to my friend from New Jersey, if what is going on in Florida  isn't bad enough, what about Puerto Rico? Right now, more than a month  after the hurricane, 80 percent of the island still doesn't have power.  I didn't go into the urbanized parts of San Juan, although I was there  and did look around; I flew into the mountains, into the little town of  Utuado. For 2\1/2\ weeks, they were cut off. They didn't have a road to  get up there for 2\1/2\ weeks.   I say to my friend from Washington, in Puerto Rico, would you believe  that over a month after the hurricane, 30 percent still do not have  potable water? In Utuado, in the mountains, I saw them going up to a  pipe to get water that was flowing down through the mountains. This  wasn't necessarily potable water, but it was the only thing they had.  They were lining up with their plastic jars and plastic buckets.   Hospitals in Puerto Rico are rationing services. They are forgoing  optional operations. They are making difficult decisions on  prioritizing patients because of limited medication, and limited  facilities, fuel, communications, and power. Dialysis centers are  desperate to get clean enough water so that they can process the  dialysis for kidney patients.   Clearly, more needs to be done to help the people of Puerto Rico in  addition to the people in Florida and all the other States.   I urge my colleagues to remember the plight of Americans trying to  put their lives together after a major disaster.   We have heard the Senator from California make a plea about the  wildfires. You have heard this Senator make a plea for Florida, Puerto  Rico, and the Virgin Islands. We have heard the Texas delegation make a  plea for Texas. We all have to come together in this time of need and  pass a robust and comprehensive aid bill. We hope the White House will  be true to its promise that the additional aid, particularly for  agriculture, will be put in the November emergency supplement. There  should be absolutely no ambiguity that the Federal Government intends  to provide all the necessary assistance to make our people whole.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Washington.   