 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Imagine you are a coder and you have a great idea for an app that  predicts the weather or identifies traffic flows or helps people  navigate the social service system. You know how to code the app, but  you can't afford to set up your own system to collect the data--the  weather data or the traffic data or what have you.   Now, imagine you build the app and you can pull data that the  government is already collecting so you can build the app and use the  data. It turns out that you have got something that is either good at  predicting the weather or helping commuters or helping folks navigate  the social services system or whatever and it grows into a business.  You can actually employ people. You can put people to work. A project  that may have started as a hobby could become your life's work.   The Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act, and specifically  title II of this bill called the OPEN Government Data Act, will  actually help make stories like that become a common thing. This bill  gives entrepreneurs and innovators huge amounts of publicly funded data  so that they can innovate and come up with applications that we haven't  even thought of yet.   It also means that government agencies can share data more easily and  ultimately provide services more effectively. Most importantly, it  allows citizens to participate in their government by making government  more transparent and accountable.   Mr. Speaker, data is the spark that drives innovative ideas, and I  drafted the OPEN Government Data Act with Representatives Farenthold  and Senators Schatz and Sasse to support new startups by providing  innovators with the legal elbow room to use public information and  public data and to create jobs. It reduces the burden to entry by  lowering the cost to access and format data. It will open new business  opportunities.   Making more government data public will pump up the data analytics  boom currently driving new innovation, and I expect that access to this  data will lead to things that we haven't even thought up yet.   I am proud to work with Speaker Ryan, Chairman Gowdy, and Senator  Murray to incorporate that bill into this broader legislation. It will  help us measure how government programs are actually working or not.   Establishing a data inventory will help government officials  understand what data they have so that they can use it, and they don't  duplicate work that is already getting done.   Making the government's data searchable and accessible will help  public servants make better decisions, and it will help the public and  the press hold government more accountable.   Let me give you an example. Mr. Speaker, I represent more military  veterans than just about any Member of this body. Like many of us, I  was horrified to learn several years ago that the Department of  Veterans Affairs was struggling to provide the services and treatments  that were earned by military veterans. Now imagine if the House  Veterans' Affairs Committee or the Government Accountability Office or  even the VA had access to some of the data around wait times earlier.  The pain caused to veterans and their families could have been avoided.   Imagine if the leaders of the Veterans Administration knew that  newspapers were going to have access to that data, whether it be the  Kitsap Sun in my district or The New York Times or whoever. Imagine  that they were looking at that data, too.   It is time for government to move into the 21st century and start  using the data it is collecting to improve the services it is  providing.   Let me just speak briefly about what this bill does. This gets a  little wonky, but I actually think it is pretty important. This  legislation sets up a way for everyone to use the government's data. We  spent a long time working to make sure that the terms used in the bill  didn't trap government policy in this year or this decade. We hope that  this legislation will act as a building block for future technologies  and applications of Federal data.   We included some important pieces to ensure that data is not only  available, but that it is easily used. Data has to be machine-readable.  Many of us, I think, have gone on the internet and gotten a data set in  PDF form that you can't really do anything with. It is so annoying. It  is pretty obvious that in 2017 you should be able to use your computer  to find what you are looking for.   Data has to be open format, and data should be malleable.  Professionals inside and outside of government should be able to use  that data in various ways. Government data should be provided under an  open license. If the government owns the data, that means the people  paid for it, and they should be able to use it for free.   Let me quickly talk about what this bill doesn't do.   The bill does not take away safeguards that protect personal privacy,  national security, and intellectual property. The legislation would not  affect existing contracts, so the government is not going to go to  a contractor and say: Oh, by the way, your data is now free and  available to the public.    Importantly, the bill does not alter the government's need to pay for  private data rights in the future when it identifies private data that  it may want to access and have ownership of. This bill only applies to  data that is owned and controlled by the Federal Government. It does  not provide an advantage to one sector or technology over another.   Mr. Speaker, let me just say in closing, for the past 2 years,  several of us have worked on this issue and with experts throughout the  private and public sector to get this bill past the finish line. I am  proud to stand here today in support of a bipartisan bill that can move  our economy forward, that can improve efficiency in our government, and  can help citizens get more involved in our democratic republic.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues' support of this bill.   