 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week we have been talking about some  sterling nominees for our Nation's circuit courts of appeals. These are  our intermediate appellate courts in the country, one step above the  trial courts where cases are tried and one step below the Supreme Court  of the United States.   What most people don't realize is that the Supreme Court only decides  roughly 80 cases a year. In other words, there is no guarantee that if  your case is tried in the trial court, it will go beyond the circuit  court of appeals. So in many instances, our circuit courts are the  ``supreme court,'' or the court of last resort. These sterling nominees  that the President has nominated include Professor Amy Barrett, who  yesterday was confirmed to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals by a  bipartisan vote of 55 to 43. For some reason, our friends across the  aisle have decided it is to their advantage to inexplicably drag out  the clock against a really accomplished scholar--and to boot, a mother  of seven--but, of course, to no avail.   What is worse is our colleagues across the aisle have seemed to have  forgotten some of their own priorities when it comes to judges. For  example, the senior Senator from Minnesota has said in the past: ``It  is time to get women on the bench.'' Well, we just did that yesterday,  and we are going to do it again. ``They should get an up-or-down vote .  . . that is what women deserve.'' I would say that is what the  President's nominees--whether they be women or men--deserve, but,  unfortunately, that hasn't always been the case.   There is still time, however, for our Democratic colleagues to honor  their previous statements and to put more women on the circuit courts  without needlessly stringing them along with unnecessary delays.   Joan Larsen was the first. She was confirmed earlier today. She  fulfills the desire of the senior Senator from Vermont to ``confirm  women practicing at the pinnacle of the legal profession.''   That is certainly where Joan Larsen works. She has been a justice on  the Michigan Supreme Court and was nominated to the Sixth Circuit,  which handles Federal appeals from Michigan, Kentucky, Ohio, and  Tennessee. Justice Larsen graduated first in her class from  Northwestern University's law school. She then clerked for the  prestigious DC Circuit Court of Appeals, right here in Washington, DC.  She then went on to serve as a law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia of  the U.S. Supreme Court.   Since then, she has worked in public service at the Office of Legal  Counsel at the Department of Justice during the George W. Bush  administration and has taught at the University of Michigan Law School.   Both of our Democratic colleagues from Michigan have returned their  blue slips, which is the piece of paper which says they are OK with the  nomination going forward, signaling their approval. Given her  credentials, my question would be, How could they not?   Ms. Larsen will make an excellent judge. She already has been, but  she will make an excellent addition to the circuit court of appeals,  and I am glad we have now confirmed her.   Another nominee is on the way. Justice Allison Eid of the Colorado  Supreme Court has been nominated to the Tenth Circuit post formerly  held by Justice Neil Gorsuch, who was recently confirmed to the U.S.  Supreme Court. The Tenth Circuit sits in Denver and includes Colorado,  New Mexico, Kansas, Oklahoma, Utah, and Wyoming.   As in the case of Professor Barrett and Justice Larsen, Allison Eid  is exceptional in every respect. She attended Stanford University and  the University of Chicago Law School, where she was elected to the  Order of the Coif and graduated with high honors. She clerked for the  Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans and then went on to clerk  for Justice Clarence Thomas on the U.S. Supreme Court.   As with Justice Larsen, Justice Eid has received the blue slips from  both of her home State Senators, which means they are willing to let  this confirmation go forward. So I look forward to her quick  confirmation.   Finally, the fourth judge who will be confirmed this week is  professor Stephanos Bibas, who teaches at the University of  Pennsylvania Law School. He has been nominated for the Third Circuit  Court of Appeals, which covers Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.  Stephanos Bibas was educated at Columbia, Oxford, and Yale Law School.  He, likewise, clerked for the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and then  went on to clerk for Justice Anthony Kennedy on the U.S. Supreme Court.  He has worked both in private practice and as a prosecutor. Now he  [[Page S6953]]  has distinguished himself as an academic, teaching and publishing in  the realm of criminal law and procedure.   In their ringing endorsement of his nomination, a diverse group of  more than 100 law professors noted Professor Bibas's ``fair-mindedness,  conscientiousness, and personal integrity.'' Those are the sort of  qualities we should all want in a circuit court judge.   We are going to confirm Stephanos Bibas and the other nominees I  mentioned, no matter how long it takes, this week. The majority leader  has put our friends across the aisle on notice, and there is nothing  they can do to stop those confirmation votes before we call it a week.   Once again, the administration has demonstrated its skill at picking  bright nominees for the right reasons. This week's nominees will read  the law faithfully. They will honestly interpret its text, and they  will apply it to cases with a sense of humility no matter what their  preferred outcome might be.   I appreciate President Trump, Leader McConnell, and the chairman of  the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Chuck Grassley, for the hard  work in bringing these nominees to the floor. Now let's get them on the  Federal bench.   