 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I see the Senator from New Hampshire on  the floor. I ask through the Presiding Officer if she is about to speak  or if I may speak after her. What I would like to do is to give a brief  report on the Congressional Budget Office's report of the Alexander- Murray proposal, of which the Senator from New Hampshire is a  cosponsor. I would like to do that either before or after she speaks.  Either way would be fine.    Mr. President, in respecting Senator Cornyn's  prerogative, I will stop when he comes to the floor.   I believe that Senator Murray has come to the floor and has reported  that the Congressional Budget Office has just finished an evaluation of  the Alexander-Murray proposal to the U.S. Senate that would be for the  purpose of reducing premiums and avoiding chaos in the individual  insurance markets during the years 2018 and 2019.   The Senator from New Hampshire is a strong sponsor of that  legislation. It is unusual, in fact, that it has 12 Republican Senators  and 12 Democratic Senators. Not many pieces of legislation come to the  floor with that support. The reason we accelerated work on it was that  President Trump called me and asked me to work with Senator Murray to  try to develop such a proposal. So now it is being considered by the  President, by the House of Representatives, and by other Members of  this body.   An important piece of information, as Senator Murray has said, is  what the Congressional Budget Office writes about the impact of our  proposal on the Federal taxpayers and on the consumers across the  country.   President Trump has been very clear on one thing he wants, which is  that we do not bail out insurance companies if, in 2018, we pay cost- sharing payment reductions, which are payments to pay for deductibles  and copays for low-income Americans.   I 100 percent agree with President Trump on that, and Senator Murray  100 percent agrees with President Trump on that. We have language in  our proposal to make sure that benefits go to consumers and to  taxpayers and not to insurance companies. We asked the Congressional  Budget Office to review that, and this is what it wrote: ``On net, CBO  and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) estimate that  implementing the legislation would reduce the deficit by $3.8 billion  over the 2018-2027 period relative to CBO's baseline.''   In other words, the Alexander-Murray proposal would reduce Federal  spending by $3.8 billion. Not only does it not cost anything, but it  saves the taxpayers money.   They then wrote a second thing, and this is quoting the Congressional  Budget Office: ``CBO and JCT expect that insurers in almost all areas  of the country would be required to issue some form of rebate to  individuals and the federal government.''   Let me say that again. This is the CBO talking, the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office, with respect to the Alexander-Murray  proposal that has been cosponsored by a total of 24 Senators--12  Republicans, 12 Democrats: ``CBO and JCT expect that insurers in almost  all areas of the country would be required to issue some form of rebate  to individuals and the federal government.''   The Congressional Budget Office has found that our proposal benefits  taxpayers and consumers, not insurance companies. The specific benefit  to the taxpayers is $3.8 billion. The exact benefit to consumers has  not been determined yet because that will be done State by State. Under  our proposal, every State would come up with a plan to say, in 2018,  because of the cost-sharing payments, premium rates need to be lower  than they are already set. Then, in that State, they would be, and as a  result, there would be rebates to individuals.   The CBO also found that there is a provision in the law for a  catastrophic plan. That is a new insurance plan for people over the age  of 29 that would have lower premiums and higher deductibles, but it  would allow people to afford an insurance policy so that a medical  catastrophe would not turn into a financial catastrophe.   ``CBO estimates that making catastrophic plans part of the single  risk pool would slightly lower premiums for other nongroup plans,  because the people who enroll in catastrophic plans tend to be  healthier, on average, than other nongroup market enrollees.''   A major objective, I think, of all of us is to attract more young,  healthy people into the pool as a way of lowering rates for everybody.   ``As a result of the slightly lower estimated premiums, CBO and JCT  expect that federal costs for subsidies for insurance purchased through  a marketplace established under the ACA would decline by about $1.1  billion over the 2019-2027 period.''   We have already said what the Congressional Budget Office has  reported earlier; that if we don't pass something like the Alexander- Murray proposal, this is what happens: If the cost-sharing payments are  not paid, premiums in 2018 will go up an average 20 percent. They are  already up. Our proposal will take them down. The Federal debt will  increase by $194 billion over 10 years, if we don't pass our proposal,  due to the extra cost of subsidies to pay higher premiums, and up to 16  million Americans may live in counties where they are not able to buy  any insurance in individual markets. The 350,000 Tennesseans in  individual markets in Tennessee would be terrified by the prospect of  not being able to buy any insurance or by the skyrocketing premiums.   I thank Senator Cornyn and the Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs.  Shaheen, for allowing me to interrupt and make a brief statement.   Let me go to the bottom line once more. The President has said  repeatedly, Senator Murray has said repeatedly, and I have said  repeatedly that the Alexander-Murray amendment, the short-term  bipartisan plan to reduce premiums and avoid chaos, must not bail out  insurance companies. We have written language to make sure it does not,  and now the Congressional Budget Office says it does not. It does not  bail out insurance companies. It does benefit consumers. It does  benefit taxpayers to the tune of $3.8 billion. That is very important  information.   I am encouraged by the President's comment yesterday. He thanked me  at the luncheon for working in a bipartisan way on this. I am  encouraged that Senator Hatch and Kevin Brady have introduced a bill  recognizing the importance of continuous cost sharing. The ball is in  the hands of the White House right now. They have our recommendations.  They made some suggestions. That is the normal legislative process.   I am hopeful that something that has this kind of analysis; that it  doesn't bail out insurance companies, that avoids a big increase to the  Federal debt, that makes certain that people will be able to buy  insurance for the next couple of years, that begins to lower premiums,  that almost all Democrats want and that Republicans in the House have  all voted for once this year when they voted for their repeal-and- replace bill--something like that sounds like something that might  become law before the end of the year, and I believe the sooner the  better.   I thank the Presiding Officer, Senators Cornyn and Shaheen.   I yield the floor.   