 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2842, the  Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act. I would like to thank  the sponsors of the bill, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Curbelo), and  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions).   This bipartisan bill will assist low-income individuals by helping  some of our most needy Americans to enter the workforce and maintain  their employment. I believe one of the top priorities for Congress is  to help our middle class by creating wealth in the middle class and to  help the wages of the 50 percent of Americans who haven't had a wage  raise since 1980.   For far too long, many Americans have seen falling incomes, which  have left working families behind. My amendment is simple. It adds a  requirements for the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human  Services to measure the effect that training and credentialing has on  the recipients helped by this bill.   The public report and recommendations to Congress are already  mandated by the original bill. This amendment will not affect the  overall cost.   There is a body of research demonstrating that providing education  and training to TANF recipients makes people more likely to obtain good  jobs and increase their wages. They are more likely to stay employed.   The projects funded by this bill provide a great opportunity to add  to this  [[Page H5122]]  research so we can know how to better assist TANF recipients and other  unemployed workers.   I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Washington, (Ms. DelBene),  for her amendment to the bill during markup by the Committee on Ways  and Means. That amendment requires that at least one of the employment  demonstration projects must be an apprenticeship program.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support my  amendment that seeks to add information that can be used to modernize  our job training, credentialing, and apprenticeship program to match  those seeking employment with our current job openings.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   