 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, these past few weeks, I have had the  [[Page S1077]]  opportunity to come to the floor to recognize truly exceptional  Alaskans--those who dedicate their time, energy, and talent to  strengthening our communities and making Alaska a truly extraordinary  place to call home.   My colleagues here, those in the Gallery, those watching on TV, might  know Alaska for its natural wonders. We certainly have those in spades.  We want you all to come visit. It will be a life-changing experience, I  promise.   For those of us who live there, community is everything. Living in  one of the most magnificent places on Earth also has challenges. We  depend on each other, our traditional knowledge, our ingenuity, our  determination to overcome those challenges, particularly as a  community.   Today I would like to transport you to the village of Igiugig in  Southwest Alaska, and introduce you to an amazing young woman who is  truly making a difference in her community. AlexAnna Salmon is our  Alaskan of the Week.   First, a little bit about where she lives. Rich in Alaskan Native  traditions, her village is home to around 70 residents year-round,  growing to more than 200 in the summer months. The name Igiugig comes  from a Yupik word meaning ``like a throat that swallows water.'' It is  referring to the location of the village which sits where the Kvichak  River meets Lake Iliamna.   Western Alaska has been home to thriving, sustainable communities for  a millennia, but rising energy costs and overregulations have put the  future of these communities at risk. In fact, many of these  communities, particularly in rural Alaska, face some of the highest  energy costs in the country, which is a bit of a cruel irony given how  resource-rich Alaska is, but in typical Alaska fashion, this village,  facing these energy challenges, comes together as a community to  embrace new technologies and new ways to address these challenges.   At the forefront of this rural revolution and sustainable community  is our Alaskan of the Week, AlexAnna Salmon. Raised in Igiugig,  AlexAnna has emerged as a leader in her community, now serving as the  village council president.   She has had that position since just after graduating cum laude from  Dartmouth College in 2008, with a double major in Native American  studies and anthropology.   While at Dartmouth, she won a prestigious writing award for her  senior thesis on life in her village. When she was done with college,  she, along with her sister, came back to her community, to her village,  to raise her family. In her words, she stated, ``I felt that I had the  greatest childhood here in Igiugig. This is where kids need to be  raised.'' She wants their childhood experiences to be as great or even  better and meaningful as hers.   To keep her community thriving, particularly with these energy  challenges--and to make it even a better place for the next  generation--she encourages healthy lifestyles, helps improve local  infrastructure, and works tirelessly toward ensuring that people in her  village have a sustainable source of food and energy.   AlexAnna has overseen the establishment of community farms and  gardens, wind turbines, solar collectors, centralized recycling,  building upgrades, weatherization, and most recently helped launch a  very exciting hydro project.   For her dedication to the well-being of her community and to all  Alaskans and for tackling unique challenges with both creativity and  determination, for making the impossible, in some of the most extreme  parts of our country in terms of rural living, seem possible, AlexAnna  Salmon is the Alaskan of the Week.   Congratulations, AlexAnna, and thank you. Your dedication epitomizes  what it means to be an Alaskan, honoring the traditions of our past and  seizing the opportunities here and now to provide for a bright future.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   