 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on the year-end negotiations, they are  making headway--that is good--but many issues still remain to be  resolved.   We need to provide funding for community health centers, CHIP, and  areas that have been hit by disasters. We need to pass a bipartisan  deal to pair the Dream Act with border security and pass a budget deal  that fully funds both our national security and our economic security,  in the common parlance known as ``parity.''   If we don't lift the spending caps for defense and also urgent  domestic priorities--jobs, the economy--both will come under the  specter of sequestration. Lifting those spending caps in equal measure  has been the basis of successful budget agreements going back several  years.   There has been parity between defense and nondefense for the last  three  [[Page S8019]]  budget negotiations. That is how it ought to stay. That is what brought  us to good agreements. That is what averted shutdowns. Unfortunately,  it appears that the Freedom Caucus in the House, which doesn't  represent the mainstream of America or even the mainstream of  Republicans, is trying to derail another successful parity agreement.  Unfortunately, Speaker Ryan, as he is doing far too often, to the  detriment of the country and his party, is just following its lead.   Last night, the House posted what is called a CRomnibus--a very  short-term extension of funding for jobs and economic development that  will lead to cuts in those areas but a long-term extension and a large  increase of funding for defense. This is merely a ruse that is designed  to slash funding for education, healthcare, infrastructure, and  scientific research--all things the Freedom Caucus doesn't want the  government to fund--against the will of the overwhelming majority of  Americans.   At this late hour, it is also an unfortunate waste of precious time.  Earlier this week, 44 Senate Democrats sent a letter to our Republican  colleagues that explicitly warned them that Democrats could not support  such an approach. Because 60 votes are needed to advance a spending  bill here in the Senate, House Republicans should have known not to  waste everyone's time with a partisan spending bill that could never  pass in the Senate.   The CRomnibus is nothing but a spectacle--a charade, a sop--to some  militant, hard-right people who don't want the government to spend  money on almost anything. It is a perilous waste of time as the clock  ticks closer and closer to the end of the year.   It is time for our Republican colleagues--especially in the House,  where the Freedom Caucus is like the tail wagging the dog--to get  serious about working with Democrats toward a real parity agreement.  Every hour that the House spends on the CRomnibus is an hour that could  be spent on our working on a deal to avert a shutdown and solve the  many pressing issues that Congress must grapple with before the end of  the year.   If Speaker Ryan decides to press forward with a CRomnibus, it will  quickly fail in the Senate, and we can get back to negotiating a real  bipartisan agreement that will provide certainty and full funding to  both our national defense and the middle class. Speaker Ryan has gone  along with this approach three times in a row--or the House Republicans  have. I think Ryan was the Speaker for two of those three and was the  chairman of the Ways and Means Committee for the third. Right now,  Speaker Ryan is pursuing a dead-end strategy. Instead, we urge him to  continue working with Democrats on a bipartisan, long-term agreement  that will keep the government open and fund our major priorities-- defense, with jobs and the economy on the other side.   By the way, even on the other side of the ledger, the things that  affect our security, like the border and the FBI, are funded on the  nondefense side, and you have to have security in every way in this  terrorism-ridden world in which we live.   