 Mr. Chair, I also thank Mr. Webster for managing this  legislation for us here on the floor today. I appreciate it.    I rise today as a sponsor in strong support, of course, of H.R. 1873.  It is indeed a commonsense vegetation management bill that reduces  forest fire danger possibilities and electricity blackouts, while  cutting through the bureaucratic red tape in the process.   I also want to thank my colleague Mr. Schrader from Oregon for his  strong support in making this a true bipartisan effort for something  that really should have no partisan roots at all.   As we have heard several of my colleagues speak earlier in testimony  on the floor here today, there are gross inconsistencies and  impediments in the way the Forest Service and BLM manage transmission  lines, particularly in the West, where many of these lines run through  difficult terrain and dense forest.   One electric utility in my district, the City of Redding Electric  Utility, uses helicopters to engage in vegetation management along the  rights-of-way on Federal lands. Such remote and forested areas make it  especially difficult to effectively manage an area so large and dense.   Rapid agency response is needed to help electric utility requests to  conduct routine and emergency vegetation maintenance along Federal  rights-of-way. It is absolutely essential to avoid wildfires and  blackouts.   Another benefit this bill brings to utility companies is much-needed  safeguards in instances where the Secretary fails to allow them to trim  or remove a hazardous tree. There was an unfortunate incident in La  Pine, Oregon, in which a rural electric utility company was unjustly  billed for a $300,000 fire suppression bill when its request to remove  a tree in imminent danger of falling on a transmission line was denied  by the Forest Service.   This bill would provide the electric utility companies the confidence  and means to manage and maintain their own transmission lines from  overgrown and unmanaged trees along rights-of-way, something the  Federal Government should already be doing in the first place.   You see from the example here that electricity frequently is  generated in rural parts of our country, and long, long transmission  lines are needed to get to the urban parts of the country. So we are  all in this: blackouts for the urban areas and, indeed, black skies in  our rural areas where the forests are from unneeded wildfires.   The Forest Service's own document shows that, between 2012 and 2013,  approximately 350 forest fires were caused by this interface of damaged  trees, dying trees, falling trees falling into the different types of  lines you would find in rural areas in order to move the power.   These changes to status quo are long overdue. This bill is an answer  to many of the problems electricity companies are having with the  management of electricity rights-of-way on Federal lands. Too many  dying and dead trees have fallen unnecessarily on power lines, sparking  devastating forest fires that could have been prevented had they had  that ability to remove the tree in question.    By providing the utilities with the tools they need to  ensure the reliability and the longevity of our national forests, we  can bolster investment in energy infrastructure and enhance the lives  of all Americans and do much better to preserve the habitat of these  areas that we treasure.   I urge swift passage of the bill today and favor in the Senate when  it gets over there. Indeed, I thank my colleagues for helping this  process along today.   