 Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some  more time?    Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some  more time?    Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some  more time?    Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some  more time?    Madam President, does the Senator from Maine need some  more time?    Madam President, while the Senator from Maine is still  here, let me just say what a great Senator she is and what a pleasure  it is to do business in a bipartisan way, as the two of us have now  done for several years here in the Senate, including the legislation  the Senator from Maine just talked about.   I just want to say to the Senator from Maine that it is my hope,  regarding the statements that have been made to the Senator, that these  two pieces of legislation she referenced will be passed. I do believe  the majority leader, Senator McConnell, will honor that with regard to  the Senate. It is this Senator's concern that at the other end of the  hall, in the House of Representatives, they may not honor that. I  certainly hope the Senator feels like she has the statements of  commitment by the leadership in the House of Representatives that they  will do as Senator McConnell has indicated.   Madam President, I wish to talk about the tax bill. Needless to say,  you are going to hear a different version from me than my good friend  and the very distinguished Senator from Maine, because last Friday  night we got the conference agreement on the tax bill. You can wonder  why it was held until late Friday night, when nobody was paying  attention to the details of the bill.   What is becoming increasingly clear is that this tax bill is not for  ordinary folks. It is going to give a few nuggets to the middle class,  but that is to mask the true intent. The real purpose of the bill is to  give huge tax cuts to multinational corporations and to make it easier  for them to shift jobs overseas. That is the bottom line.   Right now, under current law, corporations that send jobs overseas  have to pay taxes on the money they bring back into the United States,  but now, what this new GOP tax bill says is that corporations that send  jobs overseas can bring that money back to United States tax-free. Once  this bill passes, companies will come under increasing pressure to take  advantage of the tax savings in the bill by sending their jobs overseas  to low-wage countries--particularly those jobs that can't already be  automated.   This is the exact opposite of what we should be doing. Instead of  passing this version of the tax bill that will inevitably send American  jobs overseas, we should be working on a bill that cuts taxes  permanently for hard-working middle-class families.   Supporters of the bill will argue that a lower corporate rate will  encourage companies to keep jobs here. They will argue that, rather  than going to a country with a higher corporate rate, America's  corporate rate will be lower. But that is ignoring the attraction that  companies have to send jobs overseas, because of cheaper wages and  lower environmental standards.   Take China. China has a corporate rate of 25 percent, except that  they make exceptions for certain companies at 15 percent. So the 21  percent in this tax bill for corporations on income earned in the  United States may still be higher than in China, and the pressure on  corporations is to take it to a country that has lower environmental  standards and lower wages.   I think our friends on the other side of the aisle know this is a  head fake. We are not fooled by this. We know what you are trying to do  with this bill. The more people learn about it, the worse it looks.  That is why they waited until Friday night to let the spotlight shine  on it--so that over the weekend people weren't paying a lot of  attention.   There is a reason why my friends on the other side of the aisle are  in such a rush to get this passed. It is because they want to get it  enacted before all of the new loopholes and sweetheart deals for the  special interests and the bottom line of encouraging jobs to go  overseas are discovered. And, starting right now, it is going to be  discovered.   It would be nice if our colleagues showed as much urgency for some of  the other things we should be doing in the Senate, such as providing  millions of kids with health insurance through the CHIP program or  helping folks recover from the massive hurricanes this year, including  the millions of people in Puerto Rico who are still without reliable  electricity or drinking water. What about the hundreds of thousands of  Dreamers in the United States who are here in a deportable status? That  is what we ought to be worrying about.   It has been over 3 months, going on 4 months, since Hurricanes Irma  and Maria devastated the Puerto Rican island. It has been months since  Harvey and Irma devastated farmers in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico.  While the Congress has passed two disaster supplemental funding  packages, neither of them has included any relief for Florida's  agricultural community. They are hanging on by a thread. They can  hardly make payroll. They are having to lay off people. They  desperately need our help, which I hope we are going to address in this  next disaster aid funding package.   Instead of spending all of our energy on cutting corporate taxes and  making it easier to send American jobs overseas, we should be focused  on reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP, so that  9 million children across the country, including nearly 400,000 in  Florida, can continue to have access to the health coverage they  desperately need. Or we should be negotiating permanent protections for  the Dreamers before they are kicked out of the only country they have  ever known. Unfortunately, the only thing this Republican-led Senate  seems to care about is helping out large multinational corporations.   The truth is, these multinational corporations are doing just fine.  We shouldn't be moving Heaven and Earth--adding $1.5 trillion to the  national debt or upending our Nation's healthcare system--just to make  it easier for them to send American jobs overseas. That is not right.  That is not fair. The American people deserve better.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The Senator from Maryland.   