 Mr. Speaker, no one has ever had a better partner on a  piece of  [[Page H7957]]  legislation than I have had. The best way I can describe Mr. Connolly  is, like anyone else who came to a realization of something, he came to  it with a great deal of zeal. This partnership, which began before the  passage in 2014, to modernize a 1996 initiative that had fallen short,  has been his passion and mine.   Normally, when you are chairman, people talk about what divides the  committee. But nothing united us more than recognizing that over $80  billion was being spent--and much of it needlessly. We don't achieve  what we want to because there is never enough. Part of it is how we  procure.   Prior to the passage of this legislation, it certainly was possible  to have major pieces of procurement have somebody in charge who could  not, in fact, change or drop the expenditure and who could not simply  say: This isn't working. On top of that, often the people who did have  the authority lacked the expertise. This has been true in all sorts of  areas. There is much more work to be done.   Unlike Clinger-Cohen, which went on for 18 years before being  updated, we were just 3 years past the implementation of this bill.  With Congressman Connolly's effort, we are coming back and making real  changes--ones that can continue the process and speed it up.   Obviously, there are some areas like the IT dashboard and others that  simply need to be continued to be renewed. This bill does it.   When I first talked to Mr. Connolly, he was the best known for  absolutely wanting to consolidate processing centers; consolidate these  server farms that had proliferated. The number he had at the time  turned out to be, although exorbitant, less than a quarter of the  number we found. So there is more work to be done.   Procurement has to be done smart and is often consolidated. With the  help of my colleague and Senator Warner, the passage of the DATA Act  allowed us to find, with greater detail, redundancy of expenditure.   So as we reauthorize FITARA, we also have the information to  consolidate purchasing across vast numbers of agencies, eliminate  redundancy, and, in fact, buy better. More needs to be done.   As Mr. Connolly said so accurately, more money is spent on legacy  systems than is spent on new systems that will actually save money and  provide better services both to government workers and to the public.   So as we reauthorize the bill, I look forward to the oversight that  the Oversight Committee has done and is able to do, and I look forward  to continuing to work with my partner from Virginia, Mr. Connolly.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill.   