 Mr. Speaker, this is a special time as a  trooper's kid. When I think about that and I think about this wall and  I think about the heroes that I am looking at standing here, I am  thinking about my own father who I just talked to a few moments ago--31  years as a Georgia State patrol. My mom is with him right now. They  have been the example of what law enforcement goes through so many  times.   I will share, in just a few more minutes, about that, but I did want  to remind you why we are here, and thinking about this memorial,  Georgia officers who have fallen in 2017 already: Deputy Sheriff  Michael Butler, Lowndes County Sheriff's Office; and Sergeant Gregory  Michael Meagher, Richmond County Sheriff's Office.   In 2016, we saw Jody Carl Smith, Georgia Southwestern State  University Department of Public Safety; Officer Nicholas Ryan Smarr,  Americus Police Department; Deputy Sheriff Justin Scott White, Newton  County Sheriff's Office; Deputy Sheriff Daryl Wayne Smallwood, Peach  County Sheriff's Office; Sergeant Patrick Michael Sondron, Peach County  Sheriff's Office; Officer Timothy Kevin Smith, Eastman Police  Department; Investigator Anthony Joseph Freeman, Bibb County Sheriff's  Office; and Major Gregory Eugene Barney, Riverdale Police Department.   And then one, Mr. Speaker, that came at a time in which the Sheriff  and I were on the Police Working Group. We were in Atlanta. We were  going through discussing the issues that police are going through and  how communities are coming together, and we got word of a shooting in  south Georgia.   At the time, we just got a name, and we weren't really sure what had  gone on, but we found out there was a shooting and there was a fatality  involved. What I came to find out later was that the gentleman who was  killed was Deputy Commander U.S. Marshal Patrick Carothers of the  Southeast Regional Task Force. He was a leader who didn't even have to  be there that day. He could have taken a step back. Instead, he led the  charge. He went in first, as a leader does, and was killed.   As it became more and more clear, I began to realize I had another  special connection to Marshal Carothers. Just  [[Page H4298]]  a few months earlier, I had the privilege of appointing his son to the  United States Naval Academy.   It is a matter of family. It is a matter of heart. As someone growing  up, who thought that it was sort of awkward having your dad come and  pick you up at school in his State patrol car, and he thought it was  pretty cute when he put you in the back seat, and the kids were  laughing. They would talk about it, and they would say: A State trooper  is coming to pick you up. I would look at them and say: It is my dad.  But what they didn't also see were the times when he would come home,  and I would wake up at night, and my dad would be coming home to change  his shirt because it was ripped and torn and bloody from where he had  been involved in a fight. What they didn't know was a young son, who  had listened to all of the things people would say about police  officers, and say: They are talking about my dad.   As one who has supported me all of my life, I cannot pass this time  up without recognizing those who gave the ultimate sacrifice and those  who continue to serve every day. It still amazes me the Georgia State  patrol has gone on. And now folks, when I look in those blue and gray  cars and the sheriff's deputy cars, and those that I grew up watching,  they were my big brothers. Now I look in there and say: Who are those  younger people riding in their cars? They are just carrying on that  blue line tradition. They are just carrying on that public service that  means so much.   So tonight, Sheriff, you have done a wonderful job of getting us  here, because these folks have families, they have kids, they have a  responsibility, and they never turn from it. I thank the families who  have lost and gave their loved ones, and I thank the families who get  up every day still with their loved ones in the fight, and I thank my  father who gave so much.   