 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1304, the Self-Insurance Protection Act, purports  to protect stop-loss insurers from being regulated at the Federal  level. It appears that we are considering a bill that is a solution in  search of a problem.   I am not opposed to stop-loss insurance or the purpose of stop-loss  insurance. It can be helpful in shielding employers from unforeseen  risks in many instances when they choose to self-insure and want to  protect themselves from unexpected and unusually high expenses.   Now, while many self-funded plans, in conjunction with the purchased  stop-loss, look like a traditional fully insured plan, stop-loss  coverage itself is not regulated at the Federal level. There is no  indication or suggestion that the administration would seek to regulate  stop-loss insurance, so the bill prohibits Federal regulation of stop- loss insurance.   The Federal Government does not regulate stop-loss insurance today,  and doesn't look like it is going to seek to regulate self-insurance in  the foreseeable future, so it is difficult to ascertain exactly what  the purpose of the bill is.   But employers, particularly small ones, do face risks when self- insuring. I think it is important that we ensure that employers are  aware of the risks and protect them and their employees when  appropriate. They can incur tremendous losses if the employee incurs a  serious injury or illness.   Employees are also at risk of receiving fewer benefits because many  consumer protections do not apply to self-funded plans.   Employers are legally prohibited from discriminating on the basis of  health status, but stop-loss insurers are not. Many policies have  provisions that will trigger immediate, even retroactive, increased  premiums when the stop-loss insurer receives greater-than-expected  claims.   To date, many States have taken action to regulate stop-loss  insurance in order to protect both businesses and workers. Some have  required a minimum, what is called attachment point. That is when the  stop-loss insurance kicks in. Others have restricted the selling of  stop-loss insurance with certain small group markets.   New York prohibits the sale of stop-loss insurance to small  employers, and prohibits employers from serving as their own third- party administrators. North Carolina has chosen to regulate stop-loss  insurance as if it were normal health insurance, holding stop-loss  insurance to the same standards of others in the market.   Now, if States want to ban stop-loss insurance altogether, that  should be a State prerogative. States have taken these steps because,  frankly, self-insuring and stop-loss insurance come with greater risks  to both employers and employees. Stop-loss plans place annual limits on  services. Some place annual limits on services or exclude coverage for  certain benefits, such as prescription drugs.   Furthermore, the renewal of stop-loss insurance is not guaranteed, so  if an employer suddenly has high medical costs, the stop-loss insurer  can refuse to renew or charge so much that it is no longer affordable.   In the committee markup, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici)  offered a clarifying amendment to ensure that this legislation would  not be construed to restrict the ability of States to regulate stop- loss insurance.  [[Page H2728]]  Chairwoman Foxx agreed to include such clarifying language in the  committee report, agreeing with the intent of that amendment. Based on  that understanding, that amendment was withdrawn.   The clarifying language is in the report, and that clarification is  vital to ensure that there is nothing in the bill that incorrectly can  be interpreted as to preempt or restrict a State's ability to regulate  stop-loss insurance as they see fit, or otherwise restrict effective  oversight and regulation of these policies at the State level. I  appreciate the majority's willingness to work with us on the inclusion  of that clarifying language.   Mr. Speaker, while I don't intend to oppose the legislation, I would  note that it seems to be a distraction from the Republicans' recent  failed attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. After 7 years of  complaints, the Republicans offered an alternative which was  demonstrably worse than the Affordable Care Act on every measure; more  people uninsured, higher prices, and the policy you end up getting is  worse.   Democrats will continue to resist any attempts to move this country  backwards by making health insurance less accessible and less  affordable to American families.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are continuing to hear complaints about the  Affordable Care Act. Whatever someone thinks about the Affordable Care  Act, I think it is important to look at the replacement that was  offered just over a week ago which actually would have made  [[Page H2729]]  things worse. It would have increased the number of uninsured, it would  have increased the price, it would have reduced the quality of the  product, and it would have made it less likely that insurance companies  would come in and offer anything at all.   If we are going to amend the Affordable Care Act, we ought to improve  it. We ought to make things better. We should first do no harm with the  Affordable Care Act, and we should not allow this administration to  sabotage the Affordable Care Act. When they said it might implode, we  have to be careful that they are not doing the implosion. There are  things that this administration can do to undermine the Affordable Care  Act and sabotage it, and we would hope that we would join in a  bipartisan effort to make sure that that does not happen.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, this bill prohibits Federal regulation of stop-loss  insurance. The Federal Government does not regulate stop-loss  insurance. It does not affect the States' ability to regulate the  insurance, and that is where it should be done. So the bill does no  harm. I would hope that, after this bill, we will refocus our efforts  into addressing some of the challenges with the Affordable Care Act by  first doing no harm, not going backwards like the bill did several days  ago where the costs went up, the number of insurers went down, and the  quality of the insurance was worse. We can improve healthcare coverage  in this country, but we can't do it if the first step is a backward  step.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   