 Madam President, I have listened to the minority leader's  remarks. If anybody believes that we are going to be able to work  together closely when they just want a bill for the Federal Government  at all costs--they had us right there on the cusp of socialism just a  month ago, and we are still right on the cusp of socialism. I hate to  say it, but our Democratic friends are pushing us toward socialism,  which has never worked anywhere in the world, and it is not going to  work here. Their answer to everything is big government.   There are two different points of view here. I have to tell you I  used to be on their side when I was a young fellow. I was raised in  poverty. I came up the hard way. I learned a trade. I became a  journeyman metal lather, which was one of the most skilled trades at  the time.   I have to say that these haunting refrains were used by Democrats  back then, too, but look at this country and the mess it is in, and it  is in a mess because of their philosophy. We have to change it. I  admit, with him, that the business community isn't always right, and  they are not always the best to spend our money, but they are sure a  lot better than government spending it all the time. So much for that.   The Senate will soon vote on a motion to proceed to legislation to  reform our Nation's broken Tax Code and to provide significant relief  for tens of millions of middle-class families.   Members from both parties have worked for years on this effort. As we  move to consider this legislation, we will take another step toward  accomplishing what has--until recently, anyway--been a bipartisan goal.  I want to thank all of those who have helped us advance this process,  especially the members and staff of the Finance Committee, who have  worked tirelessly to get us to this point. I also want to thank our  distinguished majority leader, Senator McConnell, for his work and  leadership on this as well.   Of course, we are not there yet. We have a number of additional steps  to take, including today's vote. I don't want to put any carts ahead of  any horses, but I am optimistic that we can get a positive outcome  today.   Our tax reform bill is crafted with the primary purpose of providing  tax relief to the middle class and growth to our economy. To accomplish  these goals, the bill lowers individual tax rates across the board. The  bill also expands the zero tax bracket by nearly doubling the standard  deduction, doubling the child tax credit, and increasing the child tax  credit refundability, all of which, combined, will eliminate income tax  liability for many hard-working American families and significantly cut  taxes for tens of millions of middle-class taxpayers. That sounds like  the right thing to do to me.   Some examples, I think, can be illustrative here. Under our bill, a  family of four making the U.S. median family income of around $73,000 a  year will see their taxes go down by more than $2,000 a year. That is a  savings of more than $180 a month. Overall, this represents a nearly  60-percent reduction in that family's tax liability. A single parent  with one child making $41,000 a year, under the bill, will pay about  one-quarter of the Federal income taxes he or she may pay today, an  annual reduction of almost $1,400. Now, that is real money for these  families. It will help them to make car payments, to pay their rent or  mortgages, to bring down credit card balances, or to increase their  ability to save for the future.    In addition to reducing the tax burden on low-income to middle-income  families, the changes in our bill will make filing taxes much simpler  for most of these taxpayers. According to JCT, or the Joint Committee  on Taxation, more than 9 in 10 American families will opt for the  standard deduction under this legislation, avoiding altogether the  difficult and complicated process of itemizing deductions. This means  less time and money spent on tax compliance and preparation for  millions of middle-class taxpayers. It may hurt the legal profession,  but it is going to give freedom to the American people.   The bill also repeals one of the most regressive taxes in American  history--the ObamaCare individual mandate tax, which overwhelmingly  burdens middle-income and low-income families. In fact, 80 percent of  the families that pay the tax make less than $50,000 per year. Yet this  repeal has been the source of much consternation for my friends on the  other side of the aisle. I will have more to say on that in a moment.   For most small businesses that pay taxes on the owners' individual  returns, or passthroughs, the bill provides significant relief in the  form of a simple tax reduction applied to qualified business income.  This will reduce the overall tax burden for passthrough businesses,  which are the primary engines of our job creation in the United States.  In addition, our bill helps Main Street businesses by enhancing  expensing and expanding the availability of simplified cash  accountability. All told, this means more expansion, more investment,  and more jobs for U.S. workers employed by small businesses.   Make no mistake, this bill is pro-small business, which is why the  National Federation of Independent Businesses, the largest small  business association in the country, has enthusiastically expressed its  support for our legislation. They are not stupid. They are brilliant  people. They know how badly the small business community has been  treated by our tax writers over the years, and they are looking forward  to this legislation passing.   It should probably go without saying at this point that the United  States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the  industrialized world, and, as a result, we are seeing businesses flee  our country for more favorable tax conditions overseas, while others  are getting purchased by foreign companies. Some of them are just  giving up and letting foreign companies take them over. That is not  good for American workers, and that is not good for America.   Former Presidents Clinton and Obama have spoken in favor of lowering  the corporate tax rate to allow our country to be more globally  competitive. That sentiment has been shared by countless Democrats in  this Chamber, including the current ranking member on the Finance  Committee and the Senate Minority Leader. With this bill, we are taking  their advice by lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent.   We also shift to a more territorial system of international tax-- another idea that was explicitly endorsed in a bipartisan working group  report, coauthored by my good friend Senator Schumer, by the way, who  just spoke here. This shift is paid for largely through the use of a  ``deemed repatriation,'' another idea supported by Democrats in recent  years. We are creating both incentives and penalties to prevent base  erosion, a goal that has become clearly bipartisan during the recent  waves of corporate inversions.   Long story short, there is quite a bit in this bill that both  Republicans and Democrats should be able to support. Of course, anyone  who gets their information solely from the statements and talking  points from our friends on the other side would never get that.   Over the next few days, I expect we will hear quite a few misleading  claims, both about the bill and about the process which led us here.  For example, I think we will hear that this bill is just a massive  giveaway to the so-called rich. That is always the claim of the  Democrats: It is a gift to the so-called rich. Gosh, give me a break. I  get so tired of that phony, lousy argument that they make all the time.  They have hurt the middle class so badly in this country; it is  unbelievable.   My colleagues will make the claim that this is a massive giveaway to  the so-called rich even though they have the same data from the Joint  Committee on Taxation, which clearly shows that middle-class taxpayers  will receive the largest proportional tax cuts under the bill and that  none of the existing tax burden will be shifted downward from those at  the top. In fact, those in the highest bracket, according to JCT, or  the Joint Committee on Taxation, will pay a higher percentage of the  overall tax burden than they do now.   I expect we will hear that, by repealing the individual mandate tax,  the bill will be taking people's health insurance away and raising  taxes on the  [[Page S7371]]  poor. That claim will be made despite confirmation from congressional  scorekeepers that nothing--nothing--in the bill removes or limits  anyone's access to health insurance. The approach they are taking  toward health insurance will put us into a socialized medicine  situation overnight. If anybody thinks that is a great idea, I ask them  to look at the socialized medicine countries and compare them to what  we have been able to have. Instead, JCT and CBO predict that, with no  individual mandate, people will choose to not get health insurance even  if they still have access to premium subsidies, employer-provided  plans, or even free health coverage through Medicaid. This bill  provides choice. It doesn't take anything away from those individuals.   We can quibble with that conclusion and question whether tens of  millions of people who currently have health insurance--including a few  million who are currently getting it for free--will suddenly opt to go  uninsured once the mandate penalty is zeroed out. Given that most  observers have concluded that the mandate has essentially failed to  draw enough participants into the healthcare market to keep premiums  from skyrocketing, there is room for questioning whether the  scorekeepers are right on that score. However, even if they are 100  percent correct, no one will lose their health insurance under this  bill when the mandate is repealed. Anyone going uninsured will be doing  so voluntarily. We are not kicking anyone off their insurance by  zeroing out the individual mandate penalty, and it is a blatant  distortion of reality to claim otherwise.   Similarly, no one's taxes will go up if the mandate is zeroed out.  True enough, our scorekeepers have produced distribution tables showing  an uptick in taxes at the low end of the income spectrum due to  decreased utilization of premium tax credits under ObamaCare. My  colleagues, I am sure, will talk about this at length as well. However,  I would like to have one of them explain how a person's voluntary  decision to forego a tax subsidy amounts to a tax hike. So far, I  haven't heard a serious attempt at such an explanation. In fact, during  our recent markup, when the chief of staff of JCT sat at a table and  told my colleagues that no one will owe a dime in additional taxes as a  result of the individual mandate repeal, none of my colleagues disputed  this conclusion. Instead, they opted to ignore it, even after they were  shown a JCT table showing that, if the behavioral effects of the  mandate repeal are removed from the equation--as they should be when we  are talking about taxes owed--every income group will see their taxes  go down under this bill. I hope our colleagues and those watching will  remember these facts when they are evaluating the claims being made by  some on the other side.   We have a good bill here, under the circumstances, and I believe  Members of both parties, if politics were removed from consideration,  could support it. We have gotten significant support throughout the  business community, with associations and companies from almost every  industry and sector publicly in support of the reforms in this bill.   I know some of my Republican colleagues have concerns, and I have  been committed to working with them to see if improvements can be made,  and, as this process moves forward, we are going to have to make a few  more changes. This, of course, is how the legislative process works.  Our process is designed to produce legislation that reflects the  combined views and interests of a majority of Senators and, more  importantly, the constituents they represent.   As with any legislative endeavor of real significance, the perfect  should not be considered the enemy of the good. As I have said before,  I have been around long enough to know that anyone demanding perfection  when it comes to major legislation is bound to be waiting a very, very  long time and likely will not accomplish much.   Before I close, I want to underscore how much of a once-in-a  generation opportunity this is. We need to get this done. The costs of  failure and continuing with the status quo are just too high. The  American people deserve a tax system that provides greater opportunity,  a stronger economy, and better jobs. We need a tax code designed to  work for the world of 2017 and beyond. Our bill will accomplish these  goals. We need to take this next step so that we can continue the work.  So I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on the motion to proceed.   I yield the floor.   