 Mr. President, this resolution concerns a request for  testimony in a criminal action pending in Arizona State court. In this  action, the defendant is charged with threatening to cause physical  injury to Senator Flake and for trespassing on his Tucson, AZ, office.  A trial is scheduled for November 29, 2017.   The prosecution is seeking in this case testimony from an employee in  the Senator's office who witnessed the relevant events. The enclosed  resolution would authorize that staffer, and any other current or  former employee of the Senator's office from whom relevant evidence may  be necessary, to testify and produce documents in this case, with  representation by the Senate legal counsel.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with  respect to the Katsas nomination, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action, and the Senate then resume legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to S. 1519.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged  [[Page S7363]]  from further consideration of H.R. 1892 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Boozman amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon tomorrow,  Wednesday, November 29; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for  their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the  Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Casey.   