 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S532]]     Mr. President, American history has been shaped by U.S.  Secretaries of State. Secretary Dean Acheson guided the United States  through the Cold War. Secretary Madeleine Albright proved that  diplomacy does not depend on gender and that protecting refugees and  human rights are core American principles. Secretary Henry Kissinger  laid the groundwork for peace between Egypt and Israel. And forgive me  for using such a recent example, but Secretary John Kerry helped to  bring the international community together to tackle climate change.   As our Nation's top diplomat, the Secretary of State is the highest  ranking cabinet member and the President's top adviser on U.S. foreign  policy.   The Secretary balances relationships with some 180 countries and is  responsible for tens of thousands of Americans working at more than 250  posts around the world.   In other words, it takes a remarkable knowledge base and skill set to  be Secretary of State, particularly as the United States takes on a  complex and complicated set of issues. At the top of the list is  climate change. The global changes we have seen in the climate are  affecting almost every part of the world, from droughts in Sub-Saharan  Africa to rising sea levels in parts of Asia.   We have also not seen this level of refugees and migrants since after  World War II. The Rohingya, Syrians, Afghans, Guatemalans, and many  others are fleeing war, violence, persecution, and instability.  Globalization and technology have disrupted economies, leaving  governments, companies, and workers trying to figure out how to keep up  with the times without being left behind. Terrorism and violent  extremism haunt parts of the globe, from the Middle East to Europe, and  to our own borders.   The Secretary of State has to take on all of these challenges and do  it in a way that advances U.S. interests and values. After reviewing  his record and his testimony before the Senate, I am not satisfied that  Rex Tillerson is the right person to lead the State Department. On each  of these criteria--views, knowledge base, and skills--I have concerns  about his nomination at this point in the process.   First, I am not satisfied with Mr. Tillerson's views. There has been  a clear consensus among both parties on the foundation of U.S. foreign  policy. Throughout the confirmation process, however, Mr. Tillerson  indicated that his views did not necessarily align with that consensus.  During discussions on international human rights, the hearing record  shows that Mr. Tillerson was vague about oppressive governments,  extrajudicial killings, and the bombing of hospitals. He demurred when  given the opportunity to rule out a Muslim registry, a concept that is  anathema to American values, and yet this administration is dangerously  close to implementing one.   Perhaps most concerning were Mr. Tillerson's views on Russia. I don't  need to be the umpteenth person to list the many, many concerns we have  about a country that is not America's ally. For decades, there has been  bipartisan consensus about U.S. relations with Russia, and I am  uncomfortable with confirming a Secretary of State who does not share  that bipartisan view.   Secondly, I am not satisfied that Mr. Tillerson has the knowledge  base to lead U.S. diplomacy. His vision for the State Department seemed  to confuse the roles of the Department of State and the Department of  Defense. During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson responded to a  question on the South China Sea, but his answer focused on military  solutions instead of the long list of diplomatic options which we  should first explore.   That is not to say a Secretary of State can't recommend military  solutions. There is certainly a long history of the State Department  doing just that, but it should always be as a last resort. It always  comes after a long pursuit of peace through diplomacy.   Finally, I am not satisfied that Mr. Tillerson will be able to  translate the considerable skills he has from ExxonMobil to the State  Department. His long career at Exxon is certainly impressive, but it is  the only international job on his resume, and let's be clear, the  company's record does not at all align with U.S. foreign policy, from  accusations related to human rights abuses to Exxon's business  operations in countries that are not friendly to the United States. I  am not arguing that this makes Mr. Tillerson a bad person. As the CEO  of a big company, he had his own imperatives and his own obligations,  and I understand and respect that. But it is not enough to say that I  used to care only about ExxonMobil's interests, but now I only care  about the U.S. interests.   The next leader of the State Department will have to argue for our  values and our priorities with friends and adversaries alike. He or she  will need to balance business interests with national security and with  American values. I approach this nomination process with an open mind,  but Mr. Tillerson's confirmation hearing left me with too many doubts  about his views, his knowledge set, and his abilities. I will be voting  no on his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   