 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on this piece of legislation  before us that would provide a waiver for the appointment of Mr. Jim  Mattis to serve as Secretary of Defense. I've listened to and respect  much of the conversation here today from my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle. However, much of it is repetitive from a process  standpoint. Nothing I've heard so far says that the commander in chief  will not be president of the United States, so the ultimate civilian  leadership rests with the commander and chief. He then hires someone  with the advice and consent of the Senate to be the Secretary of  Defense. I don't know what's magic about the requirement to wait for  seven years. I've heard nothing during this process conversation on the  floor today that says anyone needs a seven year detox [detoxification]  program to shed themselves of all the nasty vices you get while serving  in the military. We've got a general officer sitting on the front row  of the Armed Services Committee; we've got a colonel sitting on the  second row of the Armed Services Committee to name just a few, and no  one would remotely suggest that they are more loyal to the military  than they are loyal to the constituents they represent back home. So, I  ask, why is five years not an appropriate length of time for a detox  program? Why is three years not appropriate? Clearly, no one is going  to put a uniformed officer in the position of Secretary of Defense. So  as we think about the appropriate amount of time for a nominee to  Secretary of Defense to have been out of the military, I've not heard  the psychology behind or scientific evidence to say seven years is  somehow a magic length of time.   Mr. Mattis has been out of the military for four years and I'm quite  comfortable saying that he is going to be more respectful of the  civilian as he approaches the job than his previous service as a  military man. The conversation and debate has been high-minded and  respectful and I appreciate that, but this is going to be a party-line  vote. And unfortunately, you are going to send the next Secretary of  Defense into his role to lead every man and woman in uniform with a  split vote between the majority and minority. That does not send a very  good message. I can assure you those young sergeants and E-4s and E-3s  out there that are going to be asked to follow the instruction of the  civilian leadership will be much more impressed if it was a unanimous  vote for Mr. Mattis. So however you couch your language, I'm voting for  Mr. Mattis to be Secretary of Defense today. My vote on this bill will  be for Mr. Mattis to be Secretary of Defense. The process discussed now  by my colleagues, I understand. You can make those arguments and you  have done that very well--and I respect that. But, for me and my vote,  it will be for Mr. Mattis to be Secretary of Defense.   