 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S675]]     Madam President, I rise today to honor the memory of  LaVell Edwards, a giant of the gridiron who guided the Brigham Young  University football program through decades of unprecedented success.  Surrounded by his family, Coach Edwards passed away peacefully on the  morning of December 29, 2016.   Born to Philo and Addie Edwards in 1930 in Orem, UT, he excelled in  football and basketball at Lincoln High School.   Following graduation, he decided to attend Utah State University to  play football. LaVell figured that if he played for BYU, the hometown  school, he would have lived at home and been required to milk the  family cows, so he went north to Logan. At Utah State, he met the love  of his life, Patti Covey. A few months after the two went on a blind  date, they were married in Beaver Dam, UT.   Following graduation, LaVell served in the Army for 2 years. After  receiving an honorable discharge from the military, he became head  football coach at Granite High School in Salt Lake City.   After eight seasons as head coach, LaVell was hired at BYU by Hal  Mitchell in 1962. LaVell humorously remarked that he was hired only  because Coach Mitchell wanted to run the single wing offense and Coach  Edwards was the only Mormon running that offense at the time.   After 10 seasons as an assistant coach at BYU, he was promoted to  head coach in 1972. Prior to his promotion, BYU had never achieved much  success in football. In LaVell's words, it was a matter of when, not  if, he would be fired. So he decided to do something that few other  coaches were doing at the time: make the forward pass the focal point  of the offense. LaVell's bold move revolutionized the game of football.  His quarterbacks ended up throwing for over 100,000 yards, and four of  them won the Davey O'Brien Award, given annually to college football's  best quarterback. One of his quarterbacks even won the Heisman Trophy,  which is awarded each year to college football's best player. LaVell's  high-powered offense boosted the team to national prominence and  culminated in BYU's 1984 national championship victory.   Following this historic season, Coach Edwards was named the AFCA  National Coach of the Year. With LaVell at the helm, BYU consistently  finished in the top 25. He would eventually lead the Cougars to 19  conference championships and 257 victories, making him the seventh  winningest coach in college football history. He coached 31 all- Americans, 6 College Football Hall of Famers, and 2 Outland Trophy  winners. Coach Edwards himself was ultimately inducted into the College  Football Hall of Fame in 2004.   Despite his tremendous success on the field, LaVell always remained  humble. He also never lost his sense of humor. Although college  football fans typically remember Coach Edwards for his trademark  sideline scowl, he was renowned for his wit. He quipped on this fact,  saying, ``Someone once said I'm a happy guy; I just forgot to tell my  face.'' With his disarming humor and clever one-liners, LaVell could  lighten the mood and make almost anyone laugh.   Coach Edwards also had a remarkable ability to delegate. Although he  knew football forward and backward, he surrounded himself with capable  coaches and he let them do their jobs. His assistants were some of the  best ever in college football, partially because he let them have free  reign. This quality allowed him to focus on the personal element of  football.   He valued all of his players, and by all accounts, his door was  always open to them. Indeed, many of his players have spoken about  having frequent meetings with him that helped change their lives for  the better. At his funeral, hundreds of former football players showed  up--Hall of Famers, top-notch-rated people in almost every case. I was  there at the funeral on Saturday.   Coach Edwards simply cared about people, and I was fortunate to  witness this up close. In the 100th Congress, I had the pleasure of  working with him when he was president of the American Football Coaches  Association. Together, we helped to pass legislation that allowed the  AFCA to establish multiemployer pensions for college football coaches.  Given the uncertain nature of the coaching profession, this legislation  was an important achievement for coaches and their families across the  country.   Although football was important to LaVell, his faith was first and  foremost. While he was coaching at BYU, LaVell served as a lay bishop  in a Mormon student congregation. He thoroughly enjoyed the  interactions he had with those students.   Throughout his life, he served his church in many other positions of  responsibility. Following his retirement from coaching in 2000, LaVell  and Patti served a public affairs mission in New York City for the  Mormon Church. He served honorably in that capacity and even put his  experience as a football coach to good use.   I might add that he invited me to come up and go to dinner with a  number of dignitaries in that area so that he could chat with them and  tell them a little bit about his faith and his beliefs, and it was a  privilege to do so.   He and Patti were terrific missionaries and good people. While a  missionary, LaVell aided in the establishment of Harlem's first high  school football program in decades.   Coach Edwards and Patti also met with many different political and  religious leaders, and, as he put it, they looked to ``build bridges''  between these leaders and his church.   Madam President, LaVell Edwards was a champion on and off the field.  Not only was he one of the most successful coaches in college football  history, he was also one of the greatest men I ever knew. I will be  forever grateful for my own friendship with LaVell, and I pray that we  will always remember the humility and humor that were the hallmarks of  his life. It was one of the privileges of my life to have a personal  relationship with him and Patti. They are two of the finest people I  have ever met.   I have to say that LaVell would drop anything to support his  religious beliefs, and he was a tremendous influence on literally  hundreds, if not thousands, of football players and others who watched  what he said, watched what he did, and loved how well he did those  things.   I personally was befriended by him on a number of occasions, and it  meant a lot to me. It means a lot to me to this day not because he was  so important, he was one of the greatest coaches who ever lived, and he  was in the Hall of Fame, but because he was down-to-earth, a person who  loved to play golf, loved all sports, and loved being with people. And  when he supported you, it was really support.   All I can say is, he is one of the greatest men I have ever met in my  life. He had a great influence on so many people--still does. His wife  is every bit as great as he has been. Both are tremendous human beings  who have made this world a better place to live.   From a football standpoint, I think most coaches who knew him would  say he was unexcelled, and I agree that is true, but that was minor  compared to the type of life he lived, the type of things he did, the  type of honors he shared, the type of kindness he showed, the ability  to talk to people and help them through the problems they had, and, of  course, the overall genuine goodness of a fellow whose life was well  spent, who touched so many lives, literally hundreds of thousands of  lives over the years, and who had this tremendous sense of humor that  made being around him a real pleasure.   I am grateful I knew LaVell Edwards well. I am grateful for the life  he lived. I am grateful for the example he set. I am grateful for the  joy he brought to so many people. And I wish his dear wife Patti  well. I just hope that these words will be a little bit of consolation  for her.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   