 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I think I will shock nobody by telling  the Chair that I disagree with almost every policy President Trump has  brought forth.   No, I do not believe that we should throw 23 million Americans off of  health insurance and give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks  to the top 2 percent. No. I happen to believe that at a time of massive  income and wealth inequality, it is high time for the wealthiest people  in this country and for large, profitable corporations to start paying  their fair share of taxes.   No, I do not believe, as President Trump does, that we should cut  Pell grants and food stamps and afterschool programs and Medicaid and  nutrition programs for pregnant women and heating assistance programs.  I believe that in the wealthiest country in the history of the world,  we must protect those who are the most vulnerable.   No, I do not believe, as President Trump does, that climate change is  a hoax. I believe it is the greatest environmental crisis facing our  planet and that it is already causing devastating harm throughout our  Nation and throughout the world and on and on it goes.   There is very little in public policy on which I agree with the  President, but there is one area in which my disagreement with  President Trump goes much deeper than public policy. The truth is,  every President in recent history, including conservative Presidents  like George W. Bush and liberals like Barack Obama, has understood that  one of the prime functions of being President of the United States is  to bring the people of our country together, whether you are Black or  whether you are White or whether you are Latino or whether you are  Asian American or whether you are Native American. Every President has  instinctively understood that one of the prime responsibilities of a  President is to bring our people together as proud Americans.   Unfortunately and tragically, this is something Donald Trump does not  understand. At a time when this country faces so many serious crises,  whether it is the high cost of healthcare, whether it is climate  change, whether it is the proliferation of low-wage jobs and a  starvation minimum wage, whether it is the huge national debt we face,  whether it is inadequate educational opportunities, whether it is a  broken criminal justice system, instead of bringing our people together  to address those important issues and trying to solve them, what this  President is doing, uniquely in modern history, is trying to divide us  up by the color of our skin, by our sexual orientation, by the country  we were born in, by our religion.   Instead of bringing us together to solve the many problems we face as  a people, he is trying to divide us up in order to gain political  support from a segment of our population. He is trying to divide us up  based on the color of our skin, which is what his attacks on  affirmative action are all about. He is trying to divide us up based on  religion, which is what his Muslim ban is all about. We are not  supposed to like Muslims. He is trying to divide us up based on sexual  orientation, which is what his attacks on transgender individuals  serving in the military is about. We are supposed to hate transgender  people and discriminate against them, and he is trying to divide us up  based on our country of origin and our immigration status.    In my view, Trump's decision to end the DACA Program for some 800,000  young people is the cruelest and most ugly Presidential act in the  modern history of this country. I cannot think of one single act which  is uglier and more cruel.   These are 800,000 young people--often exemplary young people--the  kind of kids we are proud of. These are kids who know this country--the  United States of America--as their only home. In fact, many of these  young people know English as their only language. These are young  people who today are in college, they are in law school, they are in  medical school, and they are proudly serving in the U.S. military.   What this President has done is to take away the legal status by  which these young people can work and find jobs, go to school, and live  without fear. If they don't have that legal status, it means that  anytime they walk down the street, they are frightened they could be  arrested and deported from this country and separated from their  families.   This act, on the part of Donald Trump, is an abomination, and  Congress must reject Trump's action and pass DACA into law.   This is exactly what the American people want us to do. A recent  poll--I think it came out yesterday--done by Morning Consult and  Politico reports that 76 percent of those who were polled said the  government should allow immigrants brought to the United States  illegally as children to remain here--76 percent. Eighty-four percent  of Democrats support the Dreamers having legal status, while 69 percent  of Republicans surveyed also favor such a policy.   In another poll in April of 2017, 73 percent of Trump supporters said  Dreamers should be allowed to stay in the United States and become  legal residents. In other words--and I say this to the young people who  are in DACA--please do not think for one moment that you are being  deserted by the people of this country. You are not. You are being  attacked by a President of the United States who chooses to divide us  up, and you are today's victims. Tomorrow it may well be another  minority group.   So this is a pivotal moment in American history, and we need to tell  those young people that we will not see their legal status removed. We  will not see them thrown out of the only country they have ever known.  We need strong, bipartisan support to pass the Dream Act, and I hope we  will do that as soon as possible.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   