 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.  Res. 92, Condemning North Korea's development of multiple  intercontinental ballistic missiles.   The security of our nation and allies rests on a global community of  nations acting in a responsible manner. For too long the Asia-Pacific  region has been rocked with instability because of North Korea's  irresponsible behavior. Last year, the North Korean regime conducted  two nuclear tests and twenty missile tests, including successfully  testing a submarine-launched ballistic missile. This is a marked  increase from two nuclear tests and 42 missile tests over the previous  seven years. In February 2017, North Korea fired a ballistic missile  that landed in the sea between the Korean Peninsula and Japan, sending  shockwaves among our two closest allies in the Asia-Pacific.   Passing this resolution will reaffirm our commitment to trilateral  missile defense cooperation with South Korea and Japan and to an  interoperable, multi-tier missile defense system that will protect  Americans and our allies on the Korean Peninsula. At a time of  increasing belligerence by North Korea, our allies need such security  assurances. This bill will also urge the President to promptly deploy  the  [[Page H2609]]  Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system in South Korea,  apply all available economic sanctions on North Korea, and consider  additional measures to strengthen bilateral security cooperation with  South Korea, including increases in foreign military sales and joint  exercises.   Like many of my colleagues, the constituents whom I represent want  assurance that the United States is secure from all external threats,  including the potential threat of weaponized intercontinental ballistic  missiles (ICBMs). ICBMs are designed to travel between 5,500 km and  10,000 km. California is about 9,000 km from North Korea. Given that  the North Korean regime has made steady advances in its nuclear weapons  program over the past few years, it is not surprising that my  California colleagues are increasingly alarmed by Pyongyang's actions.   The level of bipartisan support for H. Res. 92 reflects the  importance of the threat North Korea poses to global stability. Our  security and the security of our allies is an issue that crosses party  lines. It is imperative to our national security interests that North  Korea does not develop a weaponized ICBM capable of reaching any part  of our country.   This resolution provides more assurance to our allies in the Asia- Pacific and sends a message to the North Korean regime that all  Americans are united in our determination to safeguard our country  against foreign threats. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote yes on  the resolution.   