 Mr. President, will the Senator from Delaware yield?    Mr. President, the Senate's advise and consent role is  one of our most important duties as Senators, and the Secretary of  State is one of the most important nominations we will consider. The  Secretary of State is America's chief diplomat, and he should project  America's values to the world.   Yesterday, I joined Senator Schumer in calling for a delay on Mr.  Tillerson's vote on the Senate floor until we hear from him about  President Trump's Muslim ban.   Turning away refugees based on their nationality and religion is un- American, it is illegal, and it is immoral. This Muslim ban is  propaganda for ISIS. It is a recruiting gift to terrorist groups around  the world and in our own country. It will increase the risk of harm to  Americans everywhere, including here at home. Donald Trump is sending a  message to Muslims around the world that they are all suspects. This  has profound implications for our ability to work with governments in  the Middle East in the fight against terrorism. One of the countries  named in this Executive order is Iraq, our closest ally in the fight  against ISIS. Conflict and war is forcing millions around the world  from their homeland. Donald Trump's Muslim ban directly undermines our  historic commitment to international cooperation and international  refugee aid. That is why world leaders have joined the chorus of  millions of Americans who do not support the Muslim ban.   America has always been a beacon to those fleeing persecution and  violence. We are a refuge for those seeking a better life. The poetic  inscription at the base of the Statue of Liberty does not say: Send  back ``your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe  free.'' As our top diplomat, Mr. Tillerson will be in a position to  work directly with the nations named in this Executive order, and we  need to hear how he believes it will impact our standing around the  world.   With respect to Mr. Tillerson's nomination, I have very serious  concerns. Rex Tillerson could have enjoyed his retirement after  spending more than 40 years at ExxonMobil. Instead, he answered the  call to enter public service, and I commend him for that. His record at  ExxonMobil is one that clearly has received accolades. He did a good  job for ExxonMobil. He is highly respected in the oil industry. But  public service requires the public's trust, and Mr. Tillerson will not  have that trust unless he agrees to recuse himself from participating  in decisions that would affect ExxonMobil for the entirety of his term.  So far, he has refused to do so.   Our laws require Federal officials to recuse themselves when a  reasonable person could question their impartiality. Before President  Trump nominated him to be Secretary of State, Mr. Tillerson worked for  one company--ExxonMobil--for virtually his entire adult life. As he  rose to become a senior manager and then CEO, Mr. Tillerson was  personally involved in getting lucrative oil deals in a number of  countries, including Russia. In fact, during Mr. Tillerson's time as  CEO of ExxonMobil, the company expanded its drilling rights in Russia  to 63 million acres. That is an area the size of Wyoming and nearly  five times the size of Exxon's holdings in the United States.   But Mr. Tillerson didn't just deepen the relationship between his  company and Russia. He also tried to protect that relationship by  speaking out against sanctions on Russia. As a reward for personally  cementing Exxon's relationship with Russia, President Vladimir Putin  awarded Mr. Tillerson the Russian Order of Friendship.   The stakes with U.S.-Russia relations could not be higher. Russia has  invaded the Ukraine, annexed Crimea, bombed innocent civilians in  Aleppo, and attacked our elections with cyber weapons. Our next  Secretary of State will be negotiating with Russia on  [[Page S525]]  some of the most critical foreign policy issues facing the world.   Mr. Tillerson's decades-long history at ExxonMobil and Exxon's vast  holdings in Russia clearly create a conflict of interest. How can the  American people be sure Mr. Tillerson will be objective when he  participates in matters relating to sanctions on Russia or in any  matters that could affect Exxon in the dozens of other countries in the  world where Exxon operates?   As the top ethics lawyers for Presidents Bush and Obama have said,  these conflicts could require Mr. Tillerson to recuse himself from any  matters affecting ExxonMobil, irrespective of his financial  divestitures. When I asked Mr. Tillerson during his confirmation  hearing whether he would commit to recuse himself without waiver or  exception from matters affecting Exxon for the duration of his tenure  as Secretary of State, he refused. That is unacceptable. The American  people and the national security of the United States demand a  Secretary of State whose impartiality is unambiguous.   Make no mistake, the stockholders of ExxonMobil would have serious  questions about hiring the leader of the Sierra Club to be the new CEO  of Exxon. We, too, should have questions about hiring ExxonMobil's  former CEO to be America's chief diplomat.   If he agreed to recuse himself, Mr. Tillerson would be following a  tradition that is longstanding and bipartisan. Secretary of State James  Baker recused himself from participating in any matter that could  affect the price of oil and gas. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson  promised not to participate in any matter where Goldman Sachs was a  party. And all of President Obama's appointees recused themselves from  any matters related to their former employers or clients. Mr.  Tillerson's refusal to follow their example will call into question his  impartiality, and it could undermine his effectiveness as Secretary.   During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson displayed an alarming  lack of understanding of oil's role in geopolitics--clearly a  consequence of having worked solely at Exxon--that disqualifies him  from being Secretary of State.   When I questioned him, Mr. Tillerson told me that he never had  supported U.S. energy independence. He told me that he didn't agree  that reducing America's demand for oil and our reliance on foreign oil  imported from the Middle East would strengthen our negotiating position  with oil-producing nations.   We as a nation still import 5 million barrels of oil every single day  into the United States. Three million of those barrels a day come from  OPEC members, such as Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Nigeria. ExxonMobil has  energy interests in each one of those countries. And we are still  exporting our own young men and women in uniform overseas to defend  those energy interests every single day.   Mr. Tillerson is looking at the world through oil-coated glasses. He  may have gotten rid of Exxon's stock, but he hasn't gotten rid of  Exxon's mindset.   Mr. Tillerson's answers to questions about climate change--the global  generational challenge of our time--are a cause for extreme concern.  Although he recognized that climate change is real and human activities  influenced it, he would not commit to continuing action on it as a  foreign policy priority. Throughout his hearing, Mr. Tillerson would  only say that he wanted to keep a seat at the table of climate  negotiations. The United States needs to have more than a seat at the  table; we need to be at the head of the table.   In December 2015, 150 heads of state gathered in support of  finalizing the Paris climate accord. It represents a global solution to  the problem of global warming in which all countries commit to doing  their fair share. Instead of strengthening this historic accord, Mr.  Tillerson indicated that all treaties and agreements to which the  United States is a party would be up for review by President Trump.   America needs a Secretary of State who will lead the world to fully  realize the clean energy revolution that will help us avoid the  catastrophic impacts of climate change while creating millions of jobs.  To abandon the Paris climate accord would be to abandon our clean  energy future. We cannot roll back years of progress cutting dangerous  carbon emissions or deploying clean energy solutions.   For 41 years, Rex Tillerson's world view has been to advance the  interests of one place and one place only--ExxonMobil. Confirming Mr.  Tillerson as Secretary of State would be turning over the keys of U.S.  foreign policy to Big Oil. Big Oil's interests are not America's  interest. If Mr. Tillerson were to negotiate with Russia and President  Putin, whose interests will he represent--those of Big Oil or those of  the American people? I still do not have satisfactory answers to that  critical question. For those reasons, I cannot vote for his  confirmation.   I thank you for allowing me to speak at this time on the Senate  floor.   I yield to the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Murphy.   