 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2333, the  Small Business Investment Opportunity Act of 2017.   Constantly, we hear that access to capital is a major hurdle for  small businesses. Despite an improving economy, small business lending  has plateaued since the Great Recession.   The Small Business Investment Opportunity Act aims to improve access  to capital by increasing the amount a small business investment company  can provide to small businesses.   In Kansas, communities from Hutchinson to Shawnee, Newton to Parsons,  have benefited from small business investment company programs, with  more than $307 million in investments to over 110 small businesses  across the State.   Small businesses are the Nation's job creators, and providing this  sort of access to capital will spur job creation and growth.   Mr. Speaker, I recently finished my 39th townhall, and I dare say  that at every townhall somebody asked me: Why can't Congress do  anything in a bipartisan fashion?   Mr. Speaker, this is an example of both parties working together for  bipartisan solutions to grow this economy.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this measure.   Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the morning of June 14, 2017, I elected to  not attend the Republican team's congressional baseball practice. Had I  been there, I would have been in the bullpen right where the shooting  began. I thank God every day I was not there that morning.   For my colleagues who were there, we have no doubt their lives were  saved by the heroic response of Crystal Griner and David Bailey of the  Capitol Police.   In the shooting's aftermath, we should do everything we can to ensure  they have the full support of the U.S. Government and are allowed the  support of groups like the USCP Memorial Fund.   Mr. Speaker, in gratitude for their bravery and sacrifice for running  to the battle, I encourage my colleagues to support the Wounded  Officers Recovery Act. I thank them again for their heroism.   