 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about the devastation in  Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and the need to rebuild the  electric grid in a more resilient and sustainable way.   Over the last few months, communities around the country have been  devastated by natural disasters. We have had terrible hurricanes in  Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, as well as  tragic wildfires across the West. These communities need immediate  help, and that is why the disaster supplemental appropriations bill we  passed yesterday is so important. I am glad this bill provides nearly  $19 billion to replenish FEMA's emergency disaster accounts that help  communities start to rebuild, but it is just a downpayment. As we know,  it will take a lot more Federal assistance.   One thing we need to focus on is the electric grid. Hurricanes  Harvey, Irma, and Maria demonstrated the risks the electric grid faces  from extreme weather. The communities hardest hit in Texas and Florida  underwent days--sometimes much longer--without any power, and when this  happens, it is a serious risk to the safety and health of everyone in  the area.   Now, American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are  facing a major humanitarian crisis, and the Federal Government needs to  do everything it can to assist.   More than a month after Hurricane Maria hit, only 25 percent of  Puerto Rico has access to electricity, and it will take many months to  get power back to those communities. That is completely unacceptable.  Without electricity, pumping stations can't supply drinking water to  households. In fact, 25 percent of the island still lacks access to  potable water. Without electricity, wastewater treatment facilities  can't operate, which means raw sewage is contaminating rivers and  streams. Without electricity, cell towers cease to function, making  communication with first responders difficult. Without a stable  electric grid, hospitals have to rely on backup power to keep  lifesaving equipment working. That backup power is often diesel  generators that require fuel, which is in short supply.   Given the dire situation, it is no surprise that we have already seen  tens of thousands of Puerto Ricans leave the island, with nearly 60,000  arriving in Florida alone.   The majority of the transmission and distribution lines were  destroyed in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We need to  rebuild them, and I think we can all agree they should be rebuilt to  withstand the next disaster. So let's rebuild the electric grid in a  more resilient and sustainable way that reduces future threats and  future costs. I have been talking with my Republican colleagues and  members of the administration, and everyone agrees this is a good idea.  That is why I want to work with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to include language in the next supplemental disaster aid package  that does exactly this.   I am talking about investing in a more modern and more decentralized  [[Page S6801]]  grid so that not everyone is relying on a handful of powerplants that  can go down. Decentralized energy resources operating in microgrids are  more likely to remain functioning during and after storms. There are  many instances of distributed energy keeping important facilities  online after natural disasters, including the Texas Medical Center,  which is the largest medical complex in the world, which has a combined  heat and power plant that kept running during Hurricane Harvey. That is  because during extreme weather, these technologies can go into island  mode or operate independent of the grid.   Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have some of the highest  electricity prices in the United States, and that is because they rely  on oil, coal, and gas that must be shipped from the mainland. While  these islands do not have fossil fuels, do you know what they do have?  Lots of Sun. And the rapidly declining costs of distributed clean  energy technologies such as solar, wind, energy efficiency, and battery  storage, in many instances make them more affordable than existing  power generation, which means these clean energy technologies could  help reduce prices.   These investments will also save money in the long run. In 2005, the  National Institute of Building Sciences completed a study for FEMA that  found that every dollar invested in disaster preparedness and  resilience saves $4 in future avoided losses. We know we are going to  see more hurricanes and extreme weather events, so let's rebuild in  such a way that impacts are not as severe the next time around. Let's  protect people and save taxpayer money.   That is my message: Let's protect people, and let's all save taxpayer  money and do the thing that makes sense.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   