 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 42, a measure  disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor regarding  drug testing unemployment compensation applicants. This legislation  would overturn a Department of Labor regulation which, as directed by  the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, defines the  occupations in which States may require unemployed workers to take drug  tests as a condition of collecting earned unemployment benefits.  Consistent with the Fourth Amendment, which protects us against  searches without reasonable cause, the regulation limits drug testing  to occupations where drug testing is required, like pipeline safety,  some transportation operators, and jobs that require carrying a gun.    Many communities are facing a rising rate of drug use, including my  hometown of Springfield. Congress could and should do more to help  people struggling with addiction, but the legislation that we are  debating today has nothing to do with fighting drug abuse. It is about  allowing States to put one more time-consuming, humiliating obstacle in  the way of Americans who work hard and were laid off from their jobs  and need unemployment insurance to pay the bills while they look for  new jobs. As a reminder, in the aftermath of the recession, the  unemployment rate in America went to 10 percent.   There is no evidence that unemployed workers have higher rates of  drug abuse than the general population. In fact, logic suggests that  rates of serious drug abuse are lower. To be eligible to collect  unemployment, a worker must have substantial, recent work experience.  He or she must not have been fired for cause. And workers can only  collect unemployment insurance if they demonstrate they are actively  searching for work.   Instead, it appears that some States may be trying to limit the  number of workers who collect unemployment insurance when they are laid  off as a way to reduce pressure on underfunded unemployment trust  funds. More than half of the State unemployment trust funds are still  insolvent, years after the Great Recession.   Dozens of States have changed their eligibility criteria for  unemployment benefits, imposed administrative hurdles to filing for  unemployment, or cut the number of weeks benefits can be received while  individuals search for a job. Partly because of those changes, only  about one in four unemployed workers in the United States receive  unemployment benefits, even though the vast majority of them worked for  employers who paid unemployment payroll taxes on their wages. That is  the lowest level of benefit receipt among laid-off workers since the  Federal-State unemployment insurance program began.   Instead, we should be here crafting bipartisan policies to strengthen  unemployment insurance protections to help workers who genuinely want  to work to pay their bills while they are looking for new jobs. I  remind our colleagues to look at the worker participation rate, not  encouraging States to create more obstacles.   I hope that both sides of the aisle will vote ``no'' on this  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. Danny K. Davis) control the remainder of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the doctor for that Webster's  dictionary. That dictionary was published in Springfield,  Massachusetts, and I am glad that the doctor from Tennessee sees it as  the last word.   Mr. Speaker, let me rise in opposition to the CRA resolutions we are  debating today that would block Department of Labor regulations on  State-run retirement programs. Our country is in the midst of a  retirement savings crisis, as duly noted. To address this issue, we  should be working together to help people get into a responsible  retirement savings plan. Half the people who get up to go to work every  single day in America are not in a qualified savings plan for  retirement.   This opportunity here is to begin a history lesson. In July of 2007,  a decade ago, I introduced the Automatic IRA Act with my Republican  Ways and Means colleague, Phil English. That same year, Senators  Bingaman and Smith introduced a companion bill in the U.S. Senate. The  Brookings Institution and The Heritage Foundation scholars jointly  developed my auto IRA concept. So conservatives and liberals came  together on a commonsense proposal to make it easier for working  families to save.   However, fast forward to 2017. I can't find a Republican to join me  in sponsoring the auto IRA legislation. Remember, The Heritage  Foundation worked with me to construct this initiative. If we can just  keep it amongst ourselves here, being a Democrat from Massachusetts and  having a plan that is endorsed by The Heritage Foundation is not one of  our easier endeavors. But between Brookings, a liberal think tank, and  Heritage, a conservative think tank, we came up with a pretty good  plan.   Today American families struggle to prepare for retirement. To make  matters worse, 55 million Americans work for employers who don't offer  a retirement plan. As I noted earlier, that is half the workers between  18 and 64.   Because of Congress' failure to act on any legislation and address  the retirement savings crisis, many States implemented their own auto  IRA plans based upon the Neal-English bill. In fact, 30 States have  moved to implement or are considering a State-facilitated retirement  plan. Credit unions would love this, community bankers would love this,  and insurance agents would like to sell these plans, but here we can't  find a Republican to sign on.    So today they are trying to block the guidance that provides clarity  and flexibility to States that want to launch their own initiative.  This is troubling. If these resolutions become law, it would have a  chilling effect on State efforts. The States are the laboratories of  experimenting on these retirement plans because the Federal Government  doesn't get it done. If Republicans are looking for a single national  effort, let's work together to develop a Federal auto IRA legislation  piece that would work in the interim and work in the future and help  people set up, Mr. Speaker, a responsible retirement savings plan.   