 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this morning, an unbalanced individual  carried out a cowardly attack, not only against Members and staff of  this Congress but against democratic institutions. This terrorist--and  he is a terrorist--desired to destroy our democratic institutions. We  as a country cannot allow this to happen. If anything, this must  strengthen our resolve to do what is right for our country and for each  other. We cannot let this shooter defeat good.   I have known Steve Scalise for decades. I served with Steve in the  Louisiana Senate, then in the U.S. House of Representatives. I called  his wife Jennifer and will be available to help his family in any way I  can.   Steve is a man of good character. He loves the United States and  Louisiana, loves the LSU Tigers, which, of course, is our mutual  affection as well. It is a privilege to serve with someone who cares so  deeply about the people whom we are both honored to represent. My  prayers are with Steve, Jennifer, and their children.   We also think of Zack Barth, Matt Mika, Agent David Bailey, and Agent  Crystal Griner. We think of them, are gratified that they were able to  receive medical treatment quickly, and ask that everyone join in  keeping them and their families in our prayers as well. To all of  them--we want them to know that we in the United States and in  Louisiana support them.   I specifically commend the Capitol Police for all they do, and,  again, Agents Bailey and Griner for their bravery and quick actions to  protect those in danger. We are blessed by the service of the Capitol  Police and fortunate they were there to prevent this attack from being  even more tragic.   Where do we go from here? Frankly, we as a country need to come  together to try and reinject civility into our political rhetoric. We  can disagree on policy. It is that disagreement and our ability to  discuss and debate these differences that makes democracies successful.   The key word here is ``debate.'' There is a difference between debate  and attacking the motives and good faith of another. Debates are  healthy, productive, and you respect those in opposition. You discuss  ideas, not perceived intentions. When respect and good faith in the  intentions of the other are lost, though, perhaps it does more to hurt  than to heal.   We as individuals need to look at how we use rhetoric--rhetoric that  can cause someone who is unbalanced to commit an act of violence, as we  saw this morning. Anyone saying things to vilify another or portray  them as evil, we have to recognize that can drive some, again, to acts  of violence. Let's do what we can to move this country to the era of  respectful debate.   Now let me end where I began. We cannot let political terrorism win.  We must stand firm in support of our democracy and democratic  institutions. We must carry on, not letting evil triumph. We do that by  recognizing that we are all, first, children of God, then all  Americans. We come together, stand united, doing that which is best for  our country and for each other.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   