 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2781 is a commonsense solution to a  complicated problem. I am proud to sponsor it with my good friend, the  gentleman from California (Mr. Panetta).   Over the last 10 years, Congress gave veteran and veteran service- disabled veteran-owned small businesses the highest preference to  compete for VA contracts. Last year, the Supreme Court ruled in the  Kingdomware case that this preference applies in all situations, even  when VA uses contracts awarded by other agencies. A loophole has  emerged in a group of contracts called the Federal Strategic Sourcing  Initiative run by the General Services Administration.   Currently, the VA uses the GSA to connect them with suppliers of  certain goods and services that they need to purchase. All too often,  the GSA is not connecting the VA with enough small businesses that are  owned by veterans and service-disabled veterans. The law requires that  the VA look for these companies and buy from them when it can, if they  are competitive; but when the veteran businesses are not on the GSA  list, the VA can't find them or use them.   Because of the loophole, well-qualified veteran-owned companies are  being passed over. In some cases, VA disregards the GSA contracts and  finds veteran-owned companies elsewhere on their own, but this wastes  resources by creating contracts similar to what the GSA already has in  place.   This bill simply directs the VA Secretary to determine whether  veteran-owned and service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses are  sufficiently represented on the contracts for VA to follow the law. If  not, the VA must consult with the GSA to increase the representation on  all the contracts and their subcategories. Should this not be possible  on a particular contract or subcategory, the VA must stop using it.   I am honored that this bill has earned the support of the American  Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the National Veteran Small  Business Coalition. We need to hold the VA accountable to the veterans  it serves, including our veteran and service-disabled small business  owners. It is the right thing to do, and I urge all Members to support  it.   