 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Yes, the previous speaker is right. This shouldn't be a partisan  issue, but the Republican Party in both houses has been doing its best  to destroy healthcare for the American people in the last couple of  months. This is just a different piece of the same plot. Bob Wise  didn't always have the best judgment.   This cruel legislation does exactly the opposite of what its title  states. It would place an artifical and very low cap on noneconomic  damages in medical malpractice cases, and it would lock that figure  into law without adjustment for inflation, which would reduce its value  almost to zero over time.   By capping damages, this bill would ensure that many victims of  medical malpractice will not be fairly compensated for their injuries.  Many other victims may be unable even to file a case in the first place  because they will be unable to retain a lawyer. That is because medical  malpractice cases often require significant upfront costs, as high as  $100,000 on average, and few attorneys will take a case if the cap on  damages means that there will be no reasonable likelihood of recouping  their costs.   This bill's cap on noneconomic damages is particularly insidious  because of its discriminatory effect on many women, children, and  seniors. They often have little or no lost wages to calculate, and,  therefore, they may recover very little in the form of economic  damages. But they may still have suffered a real and lasting injury  that deserves compensation. This includes women who may have chosen to  stay home and raise a family, children who have yet to begin their  careers, or seniors who have retired and left the workforce.   Why should they be punished under this bill and get very little  compensation for a lost limb or something else?   The law recognizes that pain and suffering, and other noneconomic  damages, are worthy of compensation, but supporters of this bill think  Congress, not juries, should decide what those injuries are worth, and  it is shamefully little.   This legislation is based on the California law that includes a cap  of $250,000 for noneconomic damages, but it was enacted back in 1975.  Whether or not that was an appropriate figure 40 years ago, in today's  dollars, it is clearly inadequate.   After adjusting for inflation, the cap would need to be approximately  $1.128 million to be the same as the $250,000 cap was when it was  enacted.    Thinking of it another way, that $250,000 cap is now  worth just over $56,000, nearly a fifth as much.   Even assuming that $250,000 is the appropriate figure today, fairness  demands that this cap be indexed for inflation going forward so that we  do not see a similar erosion of value. But this bill locks in  an already low cap and lets it dwindle away until it is worth  essentially zero.    I offered an amendment to adjust the cap to reflect 40 years of  inflation, and to index it going forward, but the Rules Committee did  not make it in order. Instead, we are forced to vote on a bill that,  over time, will consider pain and suffering to be worth nothing at all.   This bill would not reduce the cost of malpractice insurance, it  would not drive bad doctors out of practice, and it would certainly not  protect patients.   What it would do is give a free ride to a healthcare provider, or a  healthcare entity, that seriously harms a patient or a consumer.   I urge my colleagues to reject this unfair and unnecessary  legislation.   