 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I represent the Second District of Mississippi. I would  like to pay tribute to those four Historically Black Colleges that  reside in the Second District, but before I do, I want to, for the  Record, make sure that people understand the role of Historically Black  Colleges and how they actually came to exist.   For those who think education has always been here for anyone who  would want it, I just take you back to that 150 years ago that my  colleague from North Carolina talked about. Well, that 150 years was  the beginning of people recognizing that African Americans should have  the opportunity to go to school, just like anyone else.   But, unfortunately, in this country, if you were of color, there were  no provisions for you to have a college education. So, for a lot of  people in this country, it didn't matter how bright they were, it was  the fact that there were no institutions available for you to go.   It is also important to look at my situation in my area that I  represent, Mr. Speaker. When I went to college, I had never met an  African-American doctor, lawyer, dentist, or anything because they  didn't exist. When I got to college, my college physician was an  African American, but I went to Tougaloo College. He was a graduate of  Tougaloo, and he had to go to medical school out of State because no  medical school would admit him. But the most important thing I am  saying is that for a lot of professionals who wanted to do good in  their communities, they had to go out of State, so Historically Black  Colleges were created.   I met Martin Luther King, Jr., on the campus of Tougaloo College when  I was a student. Tougaloo College and Rust College, in another  district, were the only two institutions of higher learning that would  allow Martin Luther King, Jr., to speak on their campus, and they both  were Historically Black Colleges. So, if for no other reason,  Historically Black Colleges have helped level the playing field. They  have exposed a number of African-American students to a broader view in  terms of life and what happens, but they were also put in situations,  Mr. Speaker, and an environment that they could relate to.   So, Tougaloo College, I salute you.   Jackson State University is the largest Historically Black College in  the State of Mississippi, well renowned. They have over 10,000 students  on its campus. It is the only State-supported university in the capital  city. So we pay special tribute to Jackson State University. They are  noted for a number of graduates, too many to name. They continue to  excel in every facet of academia.   Alcorn State University, the oldest African-American land grant  college in America, turns out a number of students who have gone on to  excel not just in agriculture, but in medicine, law, and education.   Mississippi Valley State University, located in Itta Bena,  Mississippi, was created to avoid integration. If you look at the  charter for Mississippi Valley State University, it was created so  Negroes could go to school in the Mississippi Delta and not be forced  to integrate into the White colleges. So, for whatever reason,  Mississippi Valley State University was created, and it thrives to this  point.    Mr. Speaker, the most important thing I would like to say is that  when I was a student at Jackson State University, I participated in a  lawsuit that talked about equity in funding for Historically Black  Colleges. It took us 27 years of litigation--Ayers v. Mississippi  Institutions of Higher Learning--to prove that the Black schools were  not getting the same resources as the White schools. We won the lawsuit  and we are now talking about equity in those institutions.   As important is not just having the institutions, but those who are  State-supported, to have the proper resources so their students can  become and be  [[Page H9783]]  the best that they can be. It is fitting and proper that we celebrate  not just the nine HBCUs, but let's talk about all of them and the merit  and worth that they have given to this country.   Mr. Speaker, I pay special tribute--and I think there are about 103  or 104 Historically Black Colleges--106. I stand corrected. So, again,  they are doing a wonderful job, but it is the purpose for which they  were created.   Some people will try to convince that there is no issue with race in  America today, and I beg to differ that if it were not for those  Historically Black Colleges, a lot of individuals would not be where  they are today. If you talk to those 20 Members of the United States  House of Representatives who are graduates of Historically Black  Colleges, they will talk to you and tell you about the fabric and  representation that going to those schools provided to them.   I am happy to say that not only is my daughter a graduate of two  HBCUs, but my granddaughter is also attending Xavier University of  Louisiana in New Orleans. She really didn't have a choice in the  matter, but she thought she did; but at the end of the day, she is a  second-year student there, and I am happy to say that she wouldn't have  it any other way. So that HBCU education is already sinking in.  Whatever she chooses to do, I am convinced that her perspective will be  far broader because of her attendance at Xavier University of  Louisiana.   