 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  be speak as in morning business.    Madam President, the Natural Resources Conservation  Service is one of the best opportunities we have--and some of the best  stewards we have for caring for lands in Kansas are our farmers and  ranchers. What a great combination in the public-private partnership  when we work together to improve our water quality and quantity, work  to make sure our air is cleaner, make certain, as best we can, that the  dust doesn't blow in Kansas.   While we talk about environmental issues, I want to mention the work  that goes on in my home State and places across the country with a  partnership that occurs by the Department of Agriculture--USDA--its  agency, the NRCS, and landowners in my State.   I want to highlight the circumstances those farmers and ranchers find  themselves in today. In 2016, the price of wheat hit a decade low.  Wheat prices fell from a high of $7.60 a bushel in 2013 to $4.11 per  bushel in 2016, from $7.60 to $4.11 in just a short period of time.   Unfortunately, those prices have continued to stay low. Often in  Kansas, when commodity prices are a challenge for those who raise  crops, we are able to supplement our income by the price of cattle--our  ability to raise quality beef and to sell that in markets and to  compensate for the challenges that occur on the crop side of  agriculture.   Unfortunately, the same thing has happened in the livestock market as  well. Live cattle prices dropped from $166 per hundredweight in January  of 2015 to $132 per hundredweight in January of 2016; again, a fall  from $166 to $132.   Those things combined, low commodity prices, low price for wheat, low  prices for cattle, mean that agriculture in rural America is hurting  greatly. This is a tremendous challenge and appearing to be perhaps the  most difficult time that agriculture producers, farmers, and ranchers  face in the Midwest since the thirties.   I have come to speak about this today. Senator Roberts, the chairman  who chairs the Agriculture Committee, is having a hearing of the  Agriculture Committee in Kansas during the next few days. I appreciate  the opportunity he is providing Kansans to have input as the process  begins for a new farm bill. I congratulate him and welcome the input  that everyday folks who earn a living in agriculture will have as a  result of his efforts.    What I want to highlight today is that with the circumstances so  challenging, we need to do things that reduce the input cost associated  with production agriculture. But the focus I want to make today is that  we need every market possible for our farmers and ranchers to sell  into. Ninety-five percent of the mouths to feed, 95 percent of the  consumers are outside the United States, and our ability to survive in  agriculture in Kansas and this country is related to our ability to  export those agriculture commodities, as well as food products, around  the globe.   In the confirmation hearings that I have been involved in based upon  my committee assignments and in addition to conversations with the  nominee to be the Secretary of Agriculture, Governor Perdue, I have  highlighted time and time again the importance of exports.   If we face this struggle--a struggle we do absolutely face today--a  way we can help improve that circumstance is to sell more grains, more  meat products, more beef, more pork into foreign country markets. It is  not happening the way it needs to happen to lift the prices and  therefore increase the chances that farmers and ranchers will survive  the difficult and challenging economic circumstances.   I almost said ``as an aside.'' Let me mention another challenge. It  really isn't an aside, it is so important. We have difficult times in  agriculture. It is a cyclical world, and prices are up and prices are  down based upon the laws of supply and demand. But in difficult times,  we have always in the past been able to count upon a lender, a banker  who is willing to help that farmer, that rancher get through difficult  times.   The regulatory environment our bankers now face, particularly in  rural communities where there is a relationship--we often operate in  banks in my State, and certainly in rural communities across Kansas, as  a result of a relationship. So our bankers--those who lend money to  farmers--know those farmers. They know their families. They know their  parents, their grandparents. They were the financier. They were the  ones able to lend working capital to farmers in good times and bad.   Our regulators and I have visited with the Officer of the Comptroller  of the Currency, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, the state banking  commissioner in our State, all with the message that in these difficult  times, we can't let the consequences of Dodd-Frank overwhelm the  ability for a banker to continue to make decisions about lending money  to agriculture producers. We can't let the authority of making that  decision, based upon long generations of relationships between those in  agriculture and those in financing agriculture, be overcome by the  rules and regulations that followed the passage of Dodd-Frank,  particularly as it relates to those relationships with community banks  and lenders.   So while it is challenging in agriculture due to the prices, one of  the reasons we have been able to survive over the years in low-price  times is because of that relationship and understanding.   I know this farm family--this is the banker talking--I know this farm  family, and I have lent money to them for a long time. I lent money to  their father or their grandfather, their mother  [[Page S1375]]  or their grandmother. They have the integrity, the character, and the  ability to repay.   If the lending in rural America becomes nothing more than a computer  program in which you punch in the numbers and character becomes  something that is irrelevant--there is not a computer program to  measure character. If we lose the opportunity for a relationship  developed between a lender and a farmer, we lose the ability to make  things work in difficult times. Those times are with us.   The primary point I would like to make today is that we need exports  and we need them now. And while there is always a debate about the  value of a particular trade agreement--and that debate is useful--we  ought never lose sight that there is no real debate about the value of  exports. So we need to put in place the mechanisms that allow farmers  and ranchers and others in my State to be able to export a product  around the globe.   I would encourage the administration and I would encourage Members of  Congress, as we develop our policies in this new session, to make  certain that exports are front and center in our economic policy  because the survival of the folks I represent in Kansas and the  communities in which they live is in jeopardy if we don't get those  markets back and if we don't retain those markets.   Exports are important to us. We can't afford not to pursue each and  every one of them. If we are not going to have multilateral trade  agreements, we need to have bilateral trade agreements, and we can't  wait very long for those agreements to take place.   Again, 95 percent of the consumers live outside the United States,  and our ability in Kansas to have a bright future is determined by the  ability to connect with those consumers outside the United States.   If I can take just one more moment to also point out that I have  requested USAID and the Department of Agriculture in our food and  hunger programs around the globe to increase the role that wheat and  other commodities play in feeding a hungry world. We want to sell  commodities in the export market, but as we develop our programs to  combat hunger, we can get something that is very noble and something  very valuable--helping people around the globe be able to go to bed  with a full stomach is a desirable and noble goal, and the utilization  of an increasing amount of agriculture or commodities grown in the  United States in that effort would benefit farmers in our country, as  well. It is the proverbial win/win. The noble accomplishment of helping  people fight back food insecurity and at the same time creating an  additional opportunity for the export of wheat, for example, which,  because of significant amounts of harvest, is in an overabundant  supply--is in abundant supply here in the United States.   Madam President, thank you for the opportunity to visit with my  colleagues here on the Senate floor today and to express the desire to  work with each of them as we develop the efforts to make certain that  exports are front and center, particularly as they relate to  agricultural interest of the United States.   Madam President, I yield my time.   I yield the floor.   