 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up  H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Julia, who joined Teach For  America and is a middle school teacher in San Antonio, Texas, my  hometown.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill provides $5 million for the CBP  Camera Technology Initiative. My amendment would simply double the  funding for this initiative by providing an additional $5 million for a  total of $10 million.   In 2015, CBP released the findings of a yearlong body-worn camera  feasibility study, concluding that body-worn cameras would have  ``positive benefits.''   The study found numerous benefits, including enhanced training  capabilities through the utilization of footage as a learning tool;  strengthened officer and agent performance and accountability; reduced  hostilities between officers/agents and citizens; a reduction in the  number of allegations and complaints; and increased officer and agent  safety by influencing public behavior.   Law enforcement agencies across the country are quickly adopting  body-worn camera technology because they see similar benefits. However,  body-worn cameras are expensive, so it is necessary to provide  additional resources for CBP to deploy the technology more effectively  and in greater numbers.   We need to ensure that we outfit as many Border Patrol agents with  body cameras as we can for the current 19,000 agents, as well as the  additional 5,000 Border Patrol agents this bill would provide for.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, DHS Secretary  John Kelly told the Congressional Hispanic Caucus that he did not  oppose requiring agents to wear body cameras, as long as Congress  provides the necessary funding. My amendment would do just that.   There are tremendous safety and accountability benefits to having  video records of law enforcement interactions with the public, both for  law enforcement officers and for the public.   I would note that a few years ago, when we debated body cameras for  law enforcement, at that time, the majority accepted my amendment to  increase body camera funding for law enforcement officers by $10  million. In fact, my hometown of San Antonio, I believe, now every  patrol officer is outfitted with a body camera.   I respect the chairman's concerns about the cost of storage, but I  would ask the chairman and my colleagues to consider the fact that the  cost of storage, this $10 million, is a small cost when we are talking  about people's lives. That could be the lives of the agents themselves  or the lives of people that they interact with in the public.   Law enforcement, by and large--putting aside CBP agents for now,  police departments across the country have accepted this technology as  not only the thing of the future, but the thing of the present, what  they are using now.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, again, I understand those  concerns. But just as we have cameras here, so that the public can  listen to every word that is being said in this Chamber, it is  important that when law enforcement officers, including CBP officers,  are interacting with the public--and that includes many U.S. citizens,  not just immigrants who are coming across the border or folks who are  coming across checkpoints, but United States citizens and legal  residents. And for the sake of the agents, who may also have false  accusations made against them, that is why this is important. Because  there are sometimes accusations that are made that can be rebutted by  this evidence.   The American people, just as they want this process to be  transparent, they want that process to also be transparent with as much  accountability as possible. And for the United States Congress not to  move forward with that and commit what is really a poultry sum of $10  million and show a willingness to do that, I think is ignoring what  most of the American people want.   As I mentioned before, I worked with the San Antonio Police  Department. They came to me and said: Will you help us get these body  cameras?   We put in a request for a grant. We got $1 million to cover the  officers who were on patrol. I have not heard in San Antonio a  complaint from those officers about body cameras. And studies have  shown that, as I mentioned, it has reduced the tension between law  enforcement officers and the public.   I respect the gentleman, and I understand the arguments, but I think  that, on a whole, this is a matter of transparency, accountability, and  people's lives, and we ought to do this.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, in its report accompanying this bill, the Appropriations  Committee states that: ``ICE is currently evaluating the use of body- worn cameras for potential use in its field enforcement activities, and  notes that such cameras can be important tools for both holding law  enforcement personnel accountable and for exonerating officers accused  of wrongdoing.''   My amendment would support ICE's use of body-worn cameras by  providing $10 million exclusively for ICE to deploy this technology.   The citizens of this country have come to expect law enforcement  officers to wear body cameras even when  [[Page H7079]]  enforcing immigration laws, and law enforcement agencies throughout the  country are quickly adopting this technology.   Body-worn cameras are widely supported, because they are important  tools that improve officer interactions with the public, deescalate  conflicts, and improve public trust in law enforcement, but this tool  is expensive, so we need to provide the resources ICE needs to get its  program up and running.   The $10 million in this amendment mirrors the amount of money I am  requesting for border patrol agent cameras.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Again, Mr. Chairman, this is an issue,  fundamentally, of transparency and accountability; and the argument  that I hear coming from the other side is that this is an evidentiary  issue and that it is going to be too much of a hassle, so we don't want  to hear or see what is in these cameras or on this video. That cannot  be a responsible approach to law enforcement or to our judicial system.   I am asking in this amendment for $10 million. We spend more in  furniture in this Chamber, in this House of Representatives, than the  amount of money that I am requesting in this amendment. We spend more  on Member travel every year than the amount of money that I am  requesting in this amendment to make sure that both agents and the  public are safer.   Let me give you an example, one example of what body cameras recently  found in Baltimore, Maryland.   An officer was seen on camera, a body camera recorded an officer  planting drugs that he then pretended to find on a suspect. A week  later, another officer was also found to be planting evidence. Are we  saying tonight that the American people and our judicial system don't  want to see that evidence because of some storage problem?   And, by the way, technology and the cloud have made storage a lot  cheaper, so I think that information is outdated. The argument on that  side is outdated.   To vote ``no,'' to recommend against this amendment, is to say that  we are going to see no evil, hear no evil, and we are, instead, going  to let both agents who may face false accusations, as they did, I'm  sure, in the 1960s and 1970s and 1980s and 1990s, and others who were  victims of the use of force in the 1970s, we are just going to turn a  blind eye and continue that practice.   That cannot be the policy of this Congress. That is not the future of  the American judicial system and our policing system.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    People's lives are at stake. When we talk about  policing practices and transparency, accountability, the use of body  cameras, these things have made people safer in their communities. They  have made law enforcement safer.   The concern about what could happen or what might happen, this  technology is already being widely used among police officers and  police departments across the country. The chairman gave the example of  the Department of Public Safety using dash cams.   Dash cams have been used on law enforcement vehicles for a long time,  and that did not break the bank of the State of Texas. The State of  Texas has a $10 billion rainy day fund right now, a surplus.   $10 million, which is what this amendment requests, is a small amount  of money compared to the amount of money that we spend on furniture in  this place. Are we saying that we don't want to discover whether  somebody is planting evidence or whether somebody is making a false  accusation against an ICE agent who is just trying to do his or her  job, that, instead, we are going to turn a blind eye to that because we  would rather spend it on leather seats or Member travel or something  else?   This is the future. These cameras are going to be used at some point  by Border Patrol, by ICE, by law enforcement. As I said, law  enforcement stepped forward and requested my assistance in getting  money for body cameras in San Antonio, and so I hope that my colleagues  will find it in themselves to support this amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the Department of Homeland  Security from entering into contracts  [[Page H7084]]  with privatized immigration detention facilities for fiscal year 2018.   A study done by the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Subcommittee  on Privatized Immigration Detention Facilities found that privatized  detention facilities experienced a multitude of issues, including  deficiencies in staffing, subpar medical care, inefficient abuse  reporting systems, and a lack of transparency.   Further, an in-depth report on two of the country's private detention  facilities show further injustices, such as inadequate access to legal  information and services.   It is best that DHS is prohibited from doing business with these  facilities until these issues are resolved and it is shown that these  facilities meet ICE's Performance-Based National Detention Standards.   This amendment is necessary, as the government's reliance on  privatized facilities will continue to grow, based on trends in  detention. In fact, only 9.2 percent of detained individuals are in  ICE-owned facilities. We must ensure that detained individuals are  treated humanely and that they have access to due process.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, studies have shown repeatedly that  these private detention centers are of a lower quality than publicly  owned facilities.   There is something very perverse about an industry in the private  detention and private prison industry that basically profits off of  mass incarceration and that has an economic incentive to get more  people into detention, into jail, into prison, and, at the same time,  tries to do everything that it can to cut costs and cut corners. In  doing so, it fails not only its public charge and its duty, but also  terribly fails the people entrusted to it.   The fact is that these private prisons, the detention centers, the  companies that own them, hired lobbyists in California, for example,  within the last few years. They had 70 lobbyists. One of the companies  had 70 lobbyists on staff. They lobby for harsher criminal penalties.  Why? Because the more people that have to be detained, the more money  they make.   That simply is not how the criminal justice system should work and  that is not how we should do detention within the immigration realm.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is about treating people as  humanely as possible. When profit is the main thing that drives the  decisions on detention, incarceration, the conditions in which people  are detained, then we are doing a severe injustice to those folks.  Because of that, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   