 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3219, the  Make America Secure Appropriations Act.   First, I would like to commend Chairman Frelinghuysen for his  tireless work to report out all 12 appropriations bills in the  Appropriations Committee. He did it in record time and deserves a great  deal of credit for getting us to this point today. The four bills  included in H.R. 3219 reflect hours of hearings, staff work, Member  input, and bipartisan cooperation.   I would also like to express my gratitude to the chairs and ranking  members of the Defense; Energy and Water Development, and Related  Agencies; Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies; and Legislative Branch Subcommittees.   In particular, the Energy and Water division provides robust funding  for water infrastructure--over $67 million--to create needed water  storage in the West. I want to thank Chairman Simpson and his staff for  their hard work.   As a member of the Defense Subcommittee on Appropriations, I thank  Chairwoman Kay Granger for her leadership and her unwavering support of  our men and women in uniform.   I also would be remiss if I did not mention the professional staff of  the subcommittee, who dedicated countless hours to craft a bill that  meets the needs of the Department of Defense and reflects the will of  Congress.   Our greatest responsibility as Members of Congress is to provide for  the resources necessary to the men and women of our Armed Forces. This  bill includes $584.2 billion in base defense funding and $73.9 billion  for overseas contingency operations. It provides for a 2.4 percent  military pay raise and additional funding to increase end strength.   The bill provides robust funding for shipbuilding, aviation, combat  vehicles, and more. It invests in our greatest assets, the men and  women who wear the uniform, through increased funds through training,  equipment, and the best healthcare.   We are at a crossroads. Right now, our military continues to operate  at high tempo to carry out the national security interests of the  United States. However, in order to meet the next challenge, whatever  that may be, we must invest now. We know the situation we are in.   National Security Advisor McMaster has stated that the U.S. is  outranged and outgunned by potential adversaries. Out of the 58 brigade  combat teams, the Army only has 3 that are combat ready.   We have the lowest number of ships since World War I. And while  capability is important, the vast oceans of the world desperately need  our presence.   Only 7 out of 10 aircraft in the Air Force are ready to fly, and the  average age of aircraft across the service is 27 years. Airmen are  flying the same planes as their grandfathers.   Only 43 percent of the Marine Corps total aircraft inventory is  considered flyable. Our marines deserve better.   Today we have a chance to correct the course we have been on for the  last 8 years. The U.S. Constitution creates a government of the people  to ``establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the  common defense.'' This bill fulfills the promise enshrined in our  Constitution to secure the blessings of liberty by providing for the  defense of our Nation.    