 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan, the  distinguished chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and  Investments Subcommittee, for yielding the time.   Mr. Speaker, what we are here talking about today is opportunity. We  are not talking about the money interests. We are not talking about  waving the bloody shirt of the Enron debacle. What we are talking about  here today, Mr. Speaker, is in the interest of innovators. It is in the  interest of talented Millennials who have huge student loans, who have  a great idea to benefit themselves, their community, their economy. We  are here to be in the interest of hardworking workers who have no big  investment dollars, but have an abundance of sweat equity. We are here  in the interest, Mr. Speaker, of building businesses and growing this  economy. If we do that, we are growing jobs and opportunity for our  citizens. And we are in the interest, Mr. Speaker, again, not of the  money interest, but of efforts all over this country, led by people  like John Delaney of Maryland and Stephen Case of Virginia, to build  out venture capital and entrepreneurship in places other than Boston,  Massachusetts; Menlo Park; places like Detroit; Flint; Little Rock; St.  Louis; and Chicago. That is why we are here today. This bill is a  simple, commonsense, small step in that effort.   For many years, in my private sector life, I helped young companies  form and raise capital for them. In my own business, I extended stock  options and  [[Page H2673]]  opportunities to buy stock to those very people who did not have the  excess cash to invest. Many companies issue stock to compensate their  employees, but it is especially important to startup businesses and  private businesses. It is especially important to those businesses that  are trying to compete with big private enterprises that have a public  stock to offer as an incentive. And structuring competitive  compensation in private businesses is very challenging.   Further, for employees, this stock ownership is a huge source of  pride, allowing individuals to participate in the growth and prosperity  that their hard work and sweat equity have helped build.   Through rule 701, the SEC allows private companies to offer up to $5  million in their own securities without additional regulatory  bureaucracy. My friend from Illinois (Mr. Hultgren) and my friend from  Maryland (Mr. Delaney) have simply made a small change, Mr. Speaker;  and that is to raise that commensurate with inflation to $10 million to  reflect the world we live in today. This is not rocket science; this is  something we need to do for building our economy.   As we celebrate the fifth anniversary of the signing of the JOBS Act  by President Obama and the successes this legislation has yielded in  capital formation for small and emerging growth companies, I urge my  colleagues to support this effort by my friend from Illinois in this  bipartisan, commonsense job-creating proposal.   