 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, the rules that the Federal  Communications Commission recently promulgated--and when I say  ``recently,'' it was October, only months ago--expanded the concept of  privacy and consumer protection as applied to broadband. Now we are on  the verge of rescinding those rules through S.J. Res. 34.   This resolution is a direct attack on consumer rights, on privacy, on  rules that afford basic protection against intrusive and illegal  interference with consumers' use of social media sites, websites, that  often they take for granted. Many Americans simply don't stop to think  about how broadband providers, as the carriers of all internet traffic,  are also able to collect and use consumer data, to put together a  detailed picture of who they are, what they do, where and when they buy  things, where they go, what they like to do--all of it an array of data  that people assume is private, all of it freely available to those  internet providers.   Even when data is encrypted, our broadband providers can piece  together significant amounts of information about us--including private  information, medical conditions, financial problems--based on online  activity. It is a mine that can be used--more valuable than a gold  mine--because that information can be sold and bought and used again so  that privacy becomes a completely evanescent and illusory feature of  our lives.   Consumers wanting to switch broadband providers are often hit with  hefty termination fees, and they have to experience a lapse in Internet  service at home--something that most simply don't have the luxury to do  or endure in today's connected society where internet is accessible.  They have no meaningful choice about how to safeguard broadband  privacy. They have one choice if they want speeds above 25 megabits per  second. That is why I applauded those rules when they were promulgated  by the FCC back in October, finalizing broadband privacy protections. I  applauded them because signing up for the internet should not mean you  sign away your rights to privacy.   Just as telephone networks must obtain consumer approval before  selling customer information, broadband providers ought to be required  to obtain consumers' affirmative consent before selling their sensitive  browsing or app usage data to advertisers. The FCC rules that this  resolution would decimate, utterly destroy, essentially seek to protect  that privacy interest. The only way the FCC's broadband privacy rules  protect consumers is through an affirmative opt-in consent. That is the  only real protection that works.    These rules also prohibit pay-for-privacy schemes that would require  consumers to waive their privacy protections as a precondition to  receiving service. They establish data security and breach notification  standards for broadband providers.   They also have important national security implications. Just last  week, the Department of Justice indicted four individuals, including  Russian spies, for hacking into Yahoo! systems in 2014 and obtaining  access to at least 500 million Yahoo! accounts. According to the  indictment, these Russian intelligence officers spied on U.S.  Government officials and private sector employees of financial  companies. One defendant also exploited the data for financial gain.   Without clear rules of the road, broadband subscribers will have no  certainty or choice about how their private information can be used, no  protection against abuse, and no assurance that security standards will  be bolstered against that kind of attack that the Russians and their  spies launched.   The FTC doesn't have jurisdiction over the security and privacy  practices of broadband, cable, and wireless carriers. If the Ninth  Circuit's recent decision in FTC v. AT&T is upheld, adopting a  ``status-based'' instead of ``activity-based'' interpretation of the  FTC's common carrier exemption, the FTC's jurisdiction and ability to  impose privacy and security obligations would be even further  curtailed.   Critics also say that the FCC's broadband privacy rules would  unfairly create a separate regulatory regime for ``edge providers,''  websites such as Google or Facebook. If that is their real concern, why  haven't they focused their efforts on ensuring that the FTC has  meaningful rulemaking authority so that it can implement privacy and  data security rules over such websites?   In closing, I have long supported giving the FTC authority to adopt  its own rules governing the privacy and security of websites. Giving  the FTC authority to adopt new rules would help ensure our privacy,  keep our privacy safe no matter where we go on the internet or how we  connect. However, I don't see any of our colleagues, in supporting this  resolution, rushing to accomplish these goals.   We should all remember that consumers need control over their own  information and how it is used. This resolution would subvert and  sabotage that control.   All too often, Americans take for granted privacy until it is lost.  Once it is lost, rarely can it be recovered. Once that information  becomes public, privacy is irreparably damaged.   Today's vote, if it succeeds, will deprive Americans of important  baseline privacy standards that they expect and demand the government  to provide. Few Americans are aware of this vote today. Many will be  aware of its consequences. It will do extraordinary damage to privacy,  if it is approved.   I urge my colleagues to reject it and to help preserve American  privacy.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   