 Madam President, the Senate is now debating the nomination  of Steven Mnuchin to be the Secretary of the Treasury, and this is yet  another nomination on which the majority has walked away,  unfortunately, from a 20-year bipartisan approach when it comes to the  vetting process.   In 2009, when Tim Geithner was President Obama's first Treasury  nominee, a vetting issue came up and both sides of the Finance  Committee carried the investigation out to its conclusion, but the  situation has turned out quite differently this time.   There were several properties in the United States and abroad worth  $100 million missing from Mr. Mnuchin's disclosure. He failed to  disclose several positions in various firms. He misled the public. He  misled the committee about his bank foreclosure tactics, and he appears  to have hidden key data requested by Members of this body. Frankly, I  don't believe these investigations would have been uncovered at all if  not for the work of the minority's investigation team. The majority,  however, looked the other way, and the vetting process was ended  prematurely. So the vote on this nomination is imminent. That is the  first concern held by Members on this side, and I am going to speak  more about that today and as this debate continues.   This morning, though, I want to focus on the substance of our  concerns.   The single biggest challenge is what to do to reconnect working  Americans with this country's economic engine. There are communities  across the land, including many in my home State of Oregon where folks  are just waiting for economic recovery to show up. They see their homes  foreclosed, storefronts boarded up, factories shuttered. They  [[Page S1074]]  just feel stuck. Aside from the President himself, nobody in America  has greater influence over this Nation's economic future than the U.S.  Treasury Secretary. That is the case whether it is through tax reform  that fights unfairness, rules that rein in Wall Street abuses, or smart  infrastructure and trade policies that create good-paying jobs here at  home. We call them red, white, and blue jobs.   The person who becomes Treasury Secretary has to be somebody who is  ready to work on behalf of all Americans, including those Americans  from the corners of our Nation where optimism has dimmed. If Steven  Mnuchin's record is any indication, he simply doesn't fit that mold,  not even close.   There is a lot to debate as the Senate considers Mr. Mnuchin's  nomination. Particularly significant, in my judgment as the ranking  member on the Senate Finance Committee, is the issue of how our Tax  Code punishes wage-earning Americans. I am going to cover that this  morning. In my view, though, the debate begins with the story of  OneWest, Mr. Mnuchin's bank. It begins with a lot of gory details of  how OneWest industrialized the process of kicking people out of their  homes and onto the streets, and it begins with the details of how Mr.  Mnuchin enriched himself at the same time his foreclosure machine was  running.   As I described, the financial crisis was a personal setback from  which a lot of Americans still have not recovered, but for Mr. Mnuchin,  it wasn't exactly a setback at all. In fact, it was the deal of a  lifetime. In March, 2009, Mr. Mnuchin led a group of investors who  bought IndyMac Bank, one of several banks that had been engulfed in  crisis the year before.   Mr. Mnuchin and his group got an unusually sweet deal from the  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, buying $23.5 billion worth of  assets for less than $1.6 billion. IndyMac was renamed OneWest Bank and  it opened up shop the very next day.   As part of this sweetheart deal, Mr. Mnuchin got what is known as a  Shared-Loss Agreement from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Under the deal with OneWest, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  made nearly $900 billion in payments to OneWest for IndyMac loans.  Total payments from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to  OneWest, including payments for loans made to OneWest subsidiaries  First Federal, La Jolla, and Financial Freedom, were $1.22 billion.   It didn't take long after Mr. Mnuchin rolled out the newly branded  OneWest for the bank to be investigated by State attorneys general  around the country. Already they had big concerns about OneWest's  foreclosure practices, and this, in my view, is where you see the guts  of the foreclosure machine beginning to show itself.   As part of this investigation, a OneWest vice president who worked  under Mr. Mnuchin, Erica Johnson-Seck, admitted under oath to the  practice known as robo-signing. This witness said she signed more than  750 foreclosure documents a week without reading them and with no  notary present during the process. That is a violation of the law. When  asked how much time she spent executing each foreclosure document, Ms.  Johnson-Seck replied: ``I changed my signature considerably. It's just  an E now. So not more than 30 seconds.''   It was not just Ms. Johnson-Seck. She was part of an entire team  operating at this pace. In her deposition, Ms. Johnson-Seck stated  there were about 1,100 documents signed by her office each day, or  roughly 6,000 a week.   So amid an economic meltdown--our Nation shedding hundreds of  thousands of jobs, families facing an uncertain future--Mr. Mnuchin  found a way to profit. He bought a bank from the Federal Deposit  Insurance Corporation at an extreme discount. He struck a deal with the  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation so he could be reimbursed for 80  percent or more of the bank's losses. He had at least one team in place  that could sign 6,000 foreclosure documents a week--6,000 individuals  and families a week thrown into this nightmare of potentially losing  their homes. Mr. Mnuchin and OneWest were churning out foreclosures  with ruthless efficiency. That doesn't sound to me like somebody who is  going to be the kind of person who is going to look out for the  interests of working families.   I want to talk a little bit about some who were victimized by  OneWest's industrialized foreclosure. One of those was Dee Roberson,  who in 2010 shared her story with the Orlando Sentinel. Ms. Roberson  told them her parents were struggling to pay off the balance of their  mortgage with OneWest. The mortgage had a balance of just $3,000, and  Ms. Roberson was trying to help her parents get to the finish line, but  instead of the usual mortgage payment of $600, OneWest demanded over  $1,000 a month. OneWest said the home was in foreclosure and wanted  $4,000 in attorneys' fees, but the Robersons had never received a  foreclosure notice. When Ms. Roberson called OneWest to sort things  out, it was just one big runaround.   Gerald Lembach is an Army retiree who needed cash to finish an  addition on his modest ranch-style home in Pasadena, MD. He and his  wife had owned their home for 23 years. According to a story in the  Baltimore Sun, Mr. Lembach discovered the monthly cost for the new loan  was much higher than what he expected. Instead of the $3,200 monthly  bill he anticipated, it was almost $4,300. OneWest, which took over the  servicing of Mr. Lembach's loan in 2009, denied his request for a  modification in October 2010, a month after it had started foreclosure  proceedings. He struggled with the process, and he hired an attorney  who noticed something that struck him as very odd. Signatures on the  foreclosure documents were fakes. In fact, various foreclosure  processors around the State of Maryland had been signing under the same  lawyer's name, but even with this discovery of false signatures, it  didn't bring about the speedy modification that Mr. Lembach was hoping  for.   Rose Gudiel and her family bought a small house in 2005, making  payments on the mortgage until her brother was murdered in 2009 and the  family lost his income. The next mortgage payment was 2 weeks late.  OneWest said it wouldn't accept it, and Ms. Gudiel had to apply for a  loan modification instead, but OneWest didn't actually own the  mortgage, they were only servicing it. They didn't even have the  authority to grant a modification. So this citizen was caught in limbo  for 2 years, unable to modify the loan and at the same time had to  fight eviction.   Out of options, Ms. Gudiel and a group of protestors went to Mr.  Mnuchin's home, protesting outside and demanding answers. Shortly  thereafter, despite OneWest's claim that there was nothing they could  do to help Ms. Gudiel, they relented. She was allowed to keep her home,  but it took essentially a four-alarm public relations calamity to make  that happen.    Mark and Jenny Gin are another case Mr. Mnuchin may have heard about.  The Gins sued OneWest in San Mateo Superior Court, and they won.   I will just describe a little bit from the San Francisco Chronicle  how their case played out. While the Gins were making dozens of calls  and submitting reams of paperwork to get a loan modification from  OneWest, another department of the bank proceeded to foreclose on their  home. This is especially important because this is a phenomenon known  as dual tracking.   OneWest strung the Gins along for months before telling them just to  send in their loan modification application. They said the Gins would  have an answer in 30 to 60 days. But instead of a modification, they  got an eviction notice. They were forced out of their home while Ms.  Gin was 8 months pregnant and grappling with a breast cancer diagnosis.   They were left with no choice but to take OneWest to court. Their  legal battle stretched more than 2 years. The costs were so substantial  that even a victory in court could not save their home.   Those are all examples of typical mortgages--everyday homeowners  caught up in OneWest's exceptional and ruthless foreclosure practices.   But it wasn't just your typical mortgage that OneWest foreclosed  upon; the bank had a big reverse mortgage operation called Financial  Freedom, and the foreclosure machine was running and running and  running over there too.   The goal of a reverse mortgage is to give older people--62 or older-- the opportunity to use the equity in their homes to help cover the  bills. Unfortunately, it doesn't always go smoothly.  [[Page S1075]]  In OneWest's reverse mortgage division, it often went terribly wrong.   A lot of older couples of modest incomes who got reverse mortgages  put them under only one name, often the husband's. But here is the  catch: If the person whose name appeared on the documents passed away,  the terms of the reverse mortgage required the loan to be paid back in  full. If it wasn't, then the foreclosure process once again kicks in.   So you have a family where first they lose their loved one, then they  lose their home, and they are caught up in this nightmare scenario of a  reverse mortgage. A common name for this practice--it almost hurts to  say it--is ``widow foreclosure.'' Widow foreclosure.   According to documents reviewed by the California Reinvestment  Coalition, during the first 6 years Mr. Mnuchin ran OneWest, the bank  accounted for nearly 40 percent of all federally insured reverse  mortgage foreclosures. They led the Nation in widow foreclosures.   You know, if you think about what you can lead the Nation in and you  are thinking about trying to help hard-hit families, the kinds of  families I just described, I would like to lead the Nation in terms of  reaching out and finding imaginative ways to help them, to really go to  bat for them, take them through the process, create something that is  fair and commonsense.   What does this bank do? They lead the Nation in widow foreclosures.   In one case, OneWest and its predecessor tried to foreclose on an  elderly Florida woman. That was twice. The first time, Mr. Mnuchin's  bank tried to foreclose on her home and filed paperwork saying she  didn't live there. When they finally discovered she, in fact, did live  in the home, they backed off. Two years later, OneWest's new parent  company, CIT, where Mr. Mnuchin was a board member, tried to foreclose  again. This time it was over an unpaid bill of 27 cents.   This involved a woman who was 90. A woman who was 90 was involved in  a foreclosure with an unpaid bill of 27 cents. She had to fight to keep  her home twice because she was bombarded with petty and inaccurate  allegations from Mr. Mnuchin's bank.   The President recently tweeted out an allegation that this story was  ``fake news'' because the elderly woman never actually lost her home.  The ordeal that OneWest's foreclosure machine put her through certainly  was not fake news to her and others who were up against this activity.   While OneWest was putting thousands of homeowners through the  nightmare of foreclosure, Mr. Mnuchin used the bank's money to make  some pretty flashy investments in Hollywood. In September 2012, OneWest  led a group of financial institutions that established a revolving  credit facility for Relativity Media of hundreds of millions of  dollars. Relativity was a movie studio led by a flamboyant executive  named Ryan Kavanaugh.   Press accounts also claim that Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Kavanaugh became  good friends. In fact, even though Mr. Kavanaugh was a client who owed  his bank hundreds of millions of dollars, he and Mr. Mnuchin bought a  private jet together and then traveled to various kinds of film  festivals around the world. They were even investing in real estate  together. They put millions into a shell company, HMBAC LLC, which  owned property in Southern California.   In October of 2014, Mr. Mnuchin decided to buy into Mr. Kavanaugh's  movie studio himself. He purchased a stake. He was appointed cochairman  of Relativity.   So while he was pulling double duty on the boards of OneWest and  Relativity, OneWest had to report the size of the insider loans the  bank was making to Relativity. As a share of bank capital, OneWest's  insider loans exceeded 94 of the country's 100 biggest financial  institutions.   Unfortunately, Mr. Mnuchin's time with Relativity didn't go so hot.  Each year from 2012 to 2014, the studio suffered eight- or nine-figure  losses. Finally, in 2015, Relativity's problems came to a head, but it  owed OneWest and Mr. Mnuchin a huge sum of money.   On May 29, 2015, Mr. Mnuchin quit the board. A few days later, funds  totaling $50 million in cash were swept back to OneWest from several  Relativity operating accounts. One of those accounts was earmarked to  pay guild expenses--salaries for everyday contractors and production  tradespeople. That put the nail in Relativity's coffin, and the studio  declared bankruptcy.   Mr. Mnuchin's adventure of putting OneWest money into Relativity  might have been a big mess, but it sure didn't do much damage to the  bank's bottom line.   Around the time Relativity crumbled, OneWest was purchased by an even  bigger group, the CIT Group, at a massive profit. Mr. Mnuchin and his  investors originally bought the bank in 2009 for less than $1.6  billion. In 2015, CIT Group bought it from Mr. Mnuchin and his partners  for $3.4 billion.   In between, while tens of thousands of Americans were going through  this daily nightmare of losing their homes, the bank had paid out more  than $1 billion in dividends to Mr. Mnuchin and its other owners.   Buying OneWest was literally the deal of a lifetime for Mr. Mnuchin,  but the bank's conduct caught the attention of Federal watchdogs more  than once. In 2011, the Office of Thrift Supervision conducted an  examination of OneWest's foreclosure process, and I am just going to  outline a few of the findings. These are the findings of the Office of  Thrift Supervision, which is in the business of monitoring and  examining these institutions.   They found, for example, that OneWest employees filed affidavits in  State and Federal courts, falsely stating that they had conducted a  review and had personal knowledge regarding the details of a disputed  mortgage, including principal and interest due or other fees and  expenses when no such reviews had taken place.   OneWest employees filed documents in State and Federal courts that  had not been signed or affirmed in the presence of a notary.   OneWest litigated foreclosure and bankruptcy proceedings without  ensuring that the promissory notes were properly endorsed or assigned  and in possession of the appropriate party at the appropriate time.   OneWest failed to devote sufficient resources to the administration  of its foreclosure and loan modifications procedures.   OneWest management failed to enact adequate internal oversight and  controls to its foreclosure processes.   Finally, OneWest failed to adequately oversee the outside lawyers  handling foreclosure-related services.   The Office of Thrift Supervision also demanded that OneWest take  corrective action, and it issued what is known as a consent order.  Basically in English, this OneWest consent order was an agreement to  clean up its act. The order was signed personally by Mr. Mnuchin and  the OneWest board of directors. They had been running OneWest for 2  years at this point, and the company was rife with problems.   In 2014, another watchdog stepped in. This time, it was the Office of  the Comptroller of the Currency. Their audit found that more than  10,000 OneWest borrowers were due $8.5 million for improper foreclosure  practices. According to the same report, OneWest paid nearly $3 million  to 54 borrowers for violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act,  which protects members of our armed services from losing their homes  while they are serving our country.   So just think about that one. Here is the bank having to pay  borrowers $3 million for violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief  Act. This is what protects the courageous people who serve our country.  It is a law that protects these people from losing their homes while  they put themselves at great risk, may make the ultimate sacrifice, and  every day, their families at home are worrying about them and often  worrying about their finances.   According to this report, OneWest paid nearly $3 million to 54  borrowers who violated this law that protects the courageous men and  women who wear the uniform of the United States.   At the heart of these investigations was the issue of robo-signing,  the practice I have spoken about earlier in the context of the OneWest  team churning out 6,000 foreclosure documents a week. Senator Casey and  Senator Brown on our committee really zeroed in on this issue. And it  was particularly concerning in this context to Senator Casey, who  represents a lot of people  [[Page S1076]]  who lost their homes to foreclosures by Mr. Mnuchin's bank.   So Senator Casey put the question to Mr. Mnuchin in writing after Mr.  Mnuchin had his Finance Committee hearing. Senator Casey asked pretty  simply: Did OneWest robo-sign documents?   This was a straightforward question, and based on the public record,  the answer should have been a straightforward ``yes.'' Instead, Mr.  Mnuchin replied, ``OneWest Bank did not robo-sign documents.''   Years of documented proof say that is false. So the committee gave  Mr. Mnuchin an opportunity to amend his response. Once again, Mr.  Mnuchin denied--denied--the truth. First he said, ``The concept of  `robo-signing' generally referred to two distinct but related issues:  (a) a signer of a foreclosure affidavit attested to facts that were not  verified to be accurate; or (b) a signer of a foreclosure affidavit  represented himself or herself to be someone else.''   So that is a fancy way to explain. When we gave him an opportunity to  amend his answer, Mr. Mnuchin again denied the truth on this question  of OneWest robo-signing documents.   And he went on to say, ``OneWest did not do these things.''   There is just no way of getting around it--none. That statement is  flat wrong.   The language Mr. Mnuchin used to redefine robo-signing is nearly  identical to the language used by the Office of Thrift Supervision in  the findings of its investigation. Given the watchdogs report,  testimony from OneWest employees, and the public record, Mr. Mnuchin  cannot possibly, in good faith, claim that OneWest did not robo-sign.  In fact, Mr. Mnuchin's signature is on one of the documents that proves  otherwise, the Office of Thrift Supervision consent order. He ran the  bank. Surely, he had to read the document before signing it. So Mr.  Mnuchin misled the Finance Committee and the American people on robo- signing, directly contradicting a mountain of evidence.    Senators Casey and Brown represent States where a lot of families  were hammered through foreclosures pursued by Mr. Mnuchin's bank.  Senator Casey and Senator Brown decided to do some more digging into  the information. Senator Casey sought OneWest national foreclosure  figures. Senator Brown asked for a State-by-State breakdown. This  information was never provided.   At first Mr. Mnuchin said he just couldn't get the data. Then Senator  Heller made a similar request. It seems Mr. Mnuchin answered  sufficiently to satisfy Senator Heller, whose State had a large number  of OneWest foreclosures. So in my mind, that raises a question about  why a Republican Senator could get his inquiry answered but a pair of  Democrats could not.   Getting other basic facts from Mr. Mnuchin was pretty much like a  painful time at the dentist, pulling teeth. Here is an example. The  Finance Committee requested nominees ``list all positions held as an  officer, director, trustee, partner, proprietor, agent, representative,  or consultant of any corporation, company, firm, partnership, other  business enterprise, or educational or other institution.''   When Mr. Mnuchin filed his paperwork with the committee, he signed  them, attesting that the document was true, accurate, and complete.  However, it became apparent to committee staff that key information was  missing. In particular, SEC filings indicated that Mr. Mnuchin was  director of Dune Capital International, an entity located in the Cayman  Islands. It was nowhere to be found in Mr. Mnuchin's paperwork. He also  failed to disclose his role as chairman and CEO of the OneWest  Foundation, an entity that is alleged to have made generous donations  to groups that publicly endorsed OneWest's controversial purchase by  CIT Group. He even failed to report that he had been chairman of IMB  HoldCo, the holding company that he used to purchase IndyMac, the bank  that he turned into OneWest. All told, after questions were raised by  the Finance Committee's staff, Mr. Mnuchin disclosed that he held  positions in an additional 14 entities that were not listed on his  initial paperwork.   Here is an example of Mr. Mnuchin's failure to fully disclose his  various investments. The Finance Committee requests that all nominees  list ``the identity and value of all assets held, directly or  indirectly, with a value in excess of $1,000.'' That is pretty  straightforward. ``The identity and value of all assets held, directly  or indirectly, with a value in excess of $1,000'' was to be disclosed.  Mr. Mnuchin failed to do this as well. On his initial paperwork,  committee staff noted that Mr. Mnuchin listed membership in a vacation  resort in Mexico, but he didn't disclose any related property. That was  only the first case of missing Mnuchin real estate. After questioning  by committee staff, Mr. Mnuchin disclosed still more missing Mnuchin  real estate--an additional $95 million in real estate holdings that had  not been listed on his initial paperwork. The fact is, the committee  had to take the time and ask the questions to track down these  multimillion dollar properties, Mr. Mnuchin's unreported businesses,  and his undisclosed business relationships.   Again, I am convinced that none of what I have described, these  undisclosed assets--these substantial and undisclosed assets--would  ever have been brought to light if it wasn't for the work of the  committee's minority staff investigators. Yet despite these efforts,  Mr. Mnuchin still has never produced the information requested by two  members of the Finance Committee, Senators Casey and Brown, concerning  the OneWest foreclosures.   My view is that this is another nominee who has the ethics alarm bell  sounding. He has already misled the public. He appears to be concealing  information requested by Members of this body, and his claim to fame is  the cold and staggering efficiency with which his bank booted predatory  lending victims out of their home. I just don't think this is the type  of person who should lead the Treasury Department.   Because we will have further discussion on this, I simply close  speaking about the kind of person I want to see head the Treasury  Department. I note that I have supported a number of Republicans for  this particular position in my time on the Finance Committee. I want  the kind of person who is going to give everybody in America the  opportunity to get ahead. We are going to have more discussion about  taxes and particularly important in this role will be the Treasury  Secretary's view of taxes.   We have a Tax Code that is really a tale of two systems. If you are a  cop or a nurse in West Virginia or in Oregon, your taxes are  compulsory. Once or twice a month your taxes are just lifted out of  your paycheck because you are a working person. That is the way it  works in West Virginia. That is the way it works in Oregon.   But if you have a battery of financial experts, it doesn't work that  way. You can use that battery of financial experts to pay what you  want, when you want to, and, maybe, not much at all. For this position  I want somebody who feels passionately about giving everybody in  America the opportunity to get ahead, who really understands what a  priority it is to work to bring economic recovery to those communities  dimmed by hardship and suffering folks. I know there are a number of  people like that in the State of the Acting President pro tempore of  the Senate, and there sure are a lot of them in my home State of  Oregon. A lot of those rural communities just feel like they have been  hit by a wrecking ball. That is the kind of Treasury Secretary I want-- a Treasury Secretary who gives everybody in America the opportunity to  get ahead.   Thus far, I just don't see Mr. Mnuchin fitting that mold. We will go  on to talk about other issues next week, particularly, his view with  respect to taxes. We will have further discussion on it next week.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   