 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Florida for yielding this time.   I agree with this great reporting bill. The American people have a  right to at least have a reasonable expectation that the Federal  Government knows what its employees are doing. Unfortunately, we all  know that doesn't always happen, particularly when it comes to the  practice of official time. It is amazing to me how little information  there is, particularly as it relates to the reporting aspect, as to  what is happening under official time.   For those who don't know what it is, Mr. Ross mentioned it well.  Established under the Carter administration, official time allows  Federal employee union members to conduct union activities during their  work-hours of the agency for which they were hired even if the union  activity has nothing to do with their job description. Surprisingly,  the Federal agencies are not required to report to Congress the amount  of time that employees are spending conducting union business.   Some of my colleagues may disagree about the value of official time.  I get that. The gentleman from Virginia and I see differently on this.  I certainly oppose the abuse of official time, so we see differently on  this.   But I think we can all agree that the American people at least have  the right to know the extent to which official time is being used. So,  although we may disagree somewhat on policy, I think we can certainly  find common ground to promote accountability and transparency within  the Federal Government.   As Mr. Ross mentioned a while ago, the OPM has come out with a study:  3.5 million work-hours spent on official time. That is a lot if it was  just dollars, but when you take 3.5 million work-hours multiplied by  dollars involved, this is a significant issue that needs to be  addressed.   This bill, H.R. 1293, grants the OPM the ability to get necessary  information from Federal agencies so that we have a more comprehensive  understanding of the official time usage. Currently, there are no  standards for OPM to find that kind of information.  [[Page H4530]]    So this bill does not eliminate, nor does it restrict, official time  usage; it simply shines light on the practice. Again, I believe we can  find common ground that the American people deserve to know how their  tax dollars are spent.   This is common sense. It is good governance. It is a bill that I  believe we should all be able to get behind. I am pleased to support  this bill. I am honored and pleased to do so in the House Oversight and  Government Reform Committee. I urge all our colleagues to support it  now.   