 Mr. Speaker, again, as someone who was a small-business  employer for 27 years and provided health benefits for my staff, I am  acutely aware of the challenges in the small-business market which long  predate passage of the Affordable Care Act and which is still something  that we can do better in terms of helping folks deal with this issue,  which, again, is so important because small businesses are the job  creators in the American economy.   What I want to sort of point out is that this legislation, in my  opinion, is just a complete misfire. Let's, first of all, remind  everyone that there are over 670 association health plans existing in  America today.   The notion that the Affordable Care Act somehow is smothering or  stifling association health plans is, in fact, just factually false.  There are many that are in business, providing coverage, as has been  said by some of the prior speakers, for people in industries like  restaurants, et cetera. Again, we are not talking about some  existential threat that is out there in terms of association health  plans today.   The guts of this bill--and it is quite extraordinary coming from,  again, the Republican Party--is to preempt State Governments from  having any say over the solvency and the benefit design of plans that  operate under association health plans.   Back in the 1990s, there was a spate of problems with association  health plans going belly up because, again, there was no State  insurance solvency standards to make sure that there were funds set  aside to pay the bills of people who were employed in the businesses  that these plans were set up to serve.   As a result, Congress acted. We basically said that the Federal  Government was doing a lousy job in terms of protecting patients. And  we gave States the ability, through their State insurance departments,  to make sure that certain solvency standards were met and, as was  stated earlier, that they weren't able to cherry-pick just the  healthiest and leave the rest for the other segments of the health  insurance industry.   As a result of the fact that we made this change, again, the State  insurance commissioners all across America, Republican States and  Democratic States, have weighed in. They sent a letter on February 28  pleading with Congress not to do this, not to pass this bill which  eliminates their ability to protect the citizens of their States.   So this bill is actually an anti-states' rights bill because it is  basically saying the Federal Government is just going to step in and  wipe out the way in which these plans operate and just lead, again, a  race to the bottom, the lowest threshold of protections for patients;  and that is considered healthcare reform or somehow advancing the ball  in terms of helping small businesses.   There are many other ways to deal with this issue, and this is not  the right one. Again, this is not some new idea that we are debating.  This has been back and forth over the years, in the 1990s and the early  2000s. It predates the Affordable Care Act by decades, and it is just  an old chestnut that is being thrown out in the floor in the name of  some idea to sound like we are doing something for small businesses.   Again, under the Affordable Care Act, we set up a 50 percent tax  credit for businesses that qualify for it to make health insurance  affordable.   I did two townhalls back in my district. I had a plumber from the  next town over who, again, took advantage of that 50 percent tax  credit. He saved thousands of dollars in terms of providing health  benefits for his small business.   We can expand that tax credit to get a wider universe of small  businesses, and that is what we should be doing. We should be building  on what is successful, again, not watering down existing patient  protection and consumer protection laws that ensure that plans are  actually going to have enough funds to pay the bills when people get  sick or go to the hospital and certainly not be able to cherry-pick  what benefits are considered essential or not.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Connecticut  has expired.    Mr. Speaker, we should not be allowing health plans to  decide we are not going to cover maternity or that they can pick and  choose what essential benefits that, again, the rest of the universe of  businesses have to provide now under the Affordable Care Act, which  are, again, based on sound medical research, not political decisions or  not just the whims of people who are running health plans, like  association health plans.   Again, this is the wrong approach. This is, again, turning the clock  backwards. It is not going to provide any protections, and it certainly  is not responding to some existential threat of association health  plans. There are 672 in operation today. Let's help them with programs  like tax credits. Let's not just sort of turn that whole sector of the  health insurance marketplace into the Wild West because it is patients  who are going to lose. Our citizens are going to lose. We can do better  than that as a Congress.   Mr. Speaker, again, I strongly urge a ``no'' vote on this measure.  [[Page H2323]]        