 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, later this morning, after months of  hemming, hawing, and delaying, House Republicans will finally release  some legislative details about their tax plan. It may not even include  all the details. The on again, off again nature of these deliberations  should concern every Member of both Chambers. That is not how you  construct sound policy, especially with something as complicated and  impactful as the Tax Code. Each decision has enormous ramifications.  Last-minute changes and sloppy drafting could change the fate of entire  industries. Rushing it through in a hasty manner could have disastrous  consequences.   We know why my colleagues are doing this. They don't want the public  to know what is in this bill--increases on the middle class, breaks for  the wealthy, big corporations getting a huge tax break, with no  guarantee and very little likelihood that they will use the money to  create jobs. That is why they don't want it to be public. It is not  popular. On polls, it says: Do you support tax reform? They say yes. Do  you support cutting the taxes on big corporations? They say,  overwhelming, no. Do you support increasing taxes on the middle class?  Overwhelming, they say no. Do you support decreasing taxes on the  wealthy? They say, overwhelming, no. Those are the three tenets of this  bill.   I hope my Republican colleagues here in the Senate are watching what  is going on in the House--the problems they are having, the secrecy  they need--and realize how difficult and dangerous it is to rewrite the  Tax Code by the seat of your pants. Looking at the Tax Code and real  tax receipts after all the loopholes, the wealthy in our country pay  far less in Federal taxes than they did historically while the middle  class pays more. Corporate profits are at a record high, while average  wages have been stagnant. Those statistics articulate a real problem  with the basic fairness of our Tax Code that tax reform could underline  and could fix. This plan doesn't.   Instead, what we are seeing today is a plan that exacerbates the  unfairness and inequality in our Tax Code. If the details of the  Republican tax plan are anything like we have seen in the press--to  repeal the estate tax, to create a huge new loophole for wealthy  individuals in the form of a reduction in the pass-through rate, and  lowering the big rates on corporations and the wealthy--this sure  doesn't fit the bill of helping the middle class.   Meanwhile, to pay for all the tax giveaways in their bill, the  Republicans are likely to make it worse for the middle class--not just  not help them but hurt them. It will slash State and local  deductibility, which is a bedrock middle-class and upper middle class  deduction, that would hurt so many middle-class taxpayers. Nearly one- third of all taxpayers claim it from all over the country, the vast  majority of whom make under $200,000 a year.   Today, Republicans will crow about reaching a compromise on State and  local, whereby they don't eliminate the deduction; they just reduce its  value by about 70 percent. That means the bulk of the deduction will go  away for so many middle class Americans. I would remind my Republican  colleagues over in the House, particularly those from States like New  York, New Jersey, California, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Virginia, and  Colorado, that this compromise will not solve your problem. You will  still pay the price with the voters.   I have been in politics a long time. I know how this will affect  people--this compromise. They will not look and say: Oh, it could have  been worse. Maybe we would have lost the entire deduction. They will  say: This year, I have the whole deduction, and next year, I have less  than half of it. They will take it out on our Republican colleagues who  vote for it, particularly from those States, and they are throughout  the country--in well-to-do and upper middle class and middle-class  suburban districts.   So anyone who thinks this compromise is going to help them doesn't  understand how politics works. It is not what it could have been. It is  what it is and what it will be. Now it is a complete deduction. What it  will be is that you will lose 70 percent of that deduction. No one is  going to breathe a sigh of relief and say: I could have lost 100  percent.   Taxpayers will see that the Republicans have capped the amount of  mortgage interest they can deduct from purchasing a new home now. That  is the latest. Again, that hits right at the middle class. The mortgage  deduction doesn't really affect the wealthiest. They have all their  money in unearned income and capital gains, and all of that is what  affects them the most. But the mortgage deduction is one of the hearts  of the middle class. To play with it--to reduce it, to cap it, so they  can do tax giveaways for the very rich--is not going to fly, I don't  think--not in America, not in the America most of us know.   Taxpayers in the big cities and small ones, in the exurbs and  suburbs, who  [[Page S6978]]  commute to work, will also notice if they never receive the critical  transit benefits they receive now. Thousands of dollars a year that  help pay when you transit to work will be gone. Why? To help the  wealthy.   While some working Americans and middle-class taxpayers watch their  taxes go up, they will read about how Republicans repealed the estate  tax, which benefits only 5,500 families whose estates are worth over $5  million. They will learn how, instead of keeping the estate tax or  closing the egregious carried-interest loopholes, the Republicans  reached into their pockets--the middle-class pockets--to pay for a big  corporate tax break that has no guarantee and very little likelihood of  producing jobs. They will learn that, while the reduction to the  corporate tax rate is permanent, the increase in the child tax credit  is temporary.   Big, wealthy corporations count far more than kids in this bill.  Corporations get permanent benefits, and families with kids get  temporary and meager ones.   The Tax Code is a reflection of fairness in our society. Do we want  to be in a country where everyone pays their fair share, including big  corporations and the very wealthy? I think so. I think most Americans  agree with that. Yet right now, our Tax Code is slanted in favor of the  rich and the powerful, and the Republican plan makes it only worse.   The Republican tax plan would put two thumbs down on a scale already  tipped toward the wealthy and powerful. It wouldn't create jobs. It  wouldn't raise wages. The Tax Policy Center, as we know, estimated that  80 percent of the benefits of the Republican plan go to the top 1  percent--this new bill doesn't change that a bit--while nearly one- third of middle-class Americans would see a tax increase; 80 percent of  the benefits to the top of our country, 20 percent of the benefits to  the other 99 percent. That is not a middle-class tax bill, as President  Trump said it would be.   Surely, we can do better. If our colleagues--whether it be in the  House or Senate, our Republican colleagues who are trying to go it  alone--can't pass this bill, we would welcome them. We would welcome an  opportunity to sit down together and come up with a bill that really  helps the middle class.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   