 Mr. Chair, first, let me thank Chairman Black for  her leadership on this remarkable budget.   When I ask my constituents from Texas about their biggest concerns  for their family and the Nation's future, the overwhelming response is  about the debt our country faces. Washington's spending just continues  to grow too fast. Our national debt has topped $20 trillion, and  without action, our great country is poised for a difficult and painful  fiscal reckoning.   Today, with this budget, we have the opportunity to do something  about it, the opportunity to tackle our Nation's fiscal challenges  head-on with a strong, two-part approach.   First, this budget provides real fiscal responsibility. It balances  within 10 years. It preserves and improves Medicare for the long term.  It returns power to our State and local governments so they can do what  is best for their communities, not Washington.   Now, these measures get us moving in the right direction, but fiscal  accountability is only one crucial piece of the puzzle. If we want a  healthier American economy for the long term, we need a growing  American economy for the long term. That is why this budget by  Chairwoman Black also lays the groundwork--the runway, if you will--for  a once-in-a-generation pro-growth, pro-family, pro-middle class tax  reform.   The House and the Senate are unified with President Trump in  delivering a new Tax Code for a new era of American prosperity. We have  released bold ideas to deliver more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger  paychecks for the American people, especially our middle class  families.   We are united in getting tax reform legislation to the President's  desk this year, but if we do not pass the budget, tax reform doesn't  move forward. So I would like to ask all my colleagues today on both  sides of the aisle: Where do you stand? Are you content with an  unsustainable national debt, a slow-growth economy, and a broken pro- Washington, pro-special interest Tax Code, or do you stand in support  of fiscal responsibility and pro-growth tax reform that allows all  Americans to keep more of their paychecks?   This is our time to show the American people we don't accept that  slow-growth future.   Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman Black of the Budget  Committee for her remarkable leadership in bringing this budget  forward.   