 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution,  and I compliment both our chairman and our ranking member for how they  have ensured that our committee remains a bulwark of support for human  rights throughout the world.   It has been 16 years since 3,000 Americans were slaughtered before  our eyes by a global terrorist movement, using Islam as an excuse for  the cowardly murder of innocent people, people of every faith who were  butchered in order to terrorize the rest of us in the world into  submission to their fanaticism.   Crucial to our ability to defeat this evil force has been our  commitment to  [[Page H9645]]  ensure that the battle did not evolve into a war between Islam itself  and the rest of us, which would then, of course, pit Muslims against  all Christians as well as people of other faiths.   George W. Bush, President of the United States, reached out at that  moment after 9/11 to ensure that the plot by these radical terrorists  did not succeed in polarizing the world as such. Our greatest success  has been preventing that polarization that would have put all the  people of the world against Islam and all Muslims against all the rest  of the people of the world.   That battle to make sure that does not happen must continue. It is  essential to keep open the ties with those people in the Muslim world  who are appalled by the terror and brutality of these fanatics who  commit such monstrous crimes.   It is vital for our own security that we aggressively condemn  terrorism and human rights abuses when it is against Muslim people. The  Muslim people are the victims, and they need to know that we are on  their side, just as we expect good Muslim people to be on our side when  we confront this terrorism in the world. We did that, of course, when  the Serbian Christians were killing, ethnically cleansing, Muslim  people in Kosovo.   Today we reaffirm to the Muslim people of the world and to ourselves  that we loudly proclaim that we are condemning the slaughter of the  Rohingya people who reside in the southern states of Burma. If these  attacks by the Burmese military continue, we must follow this strong  condemnation today with sanctions.   In the meantime, not one bullet or weapon should ever be made  available to the Burmese military. And, in the meantime, the Burmese  military officers and the government officials who are engaged in this  particular policy of genocide against the Rohingya people must know  they will be held accountable for their crimes against the Rohingyas,  because it is not a crime just against Rohingyas, it is a crime against  humanity.   So, again, I commend the leadership of our committee, both the  ranking member and the chairman, for making this an important issue for  this Congress.   