 Section 4:   ``The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of  the persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a  President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them,  and for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the  Senate may choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall  have devolved upon them.''   Section 5:   ``Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October  following the ratification of this article.''   Section 6:   ``This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been  ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of  three-fourths of the several States within seven years from the date of  its submission.''   Amendment XXI, section 1:   ``The 18th Article of amendment to the Constitution of the United  States is hereby repealed.''   Section 2:   ``The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or  possession of the United States for delivery or use therein of  intoxicating liquors, in violation of the laws thereof, is hereby  prohibited.''   Section 3:   ``This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been  ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the  several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years  from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.''    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for  all of his leadership on this matter.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 26, the REINS Act, which will  restore the constitutional authority of Congress and rein in runaway  government.   Mr. Chairman, as we have seen over the last 8 years, our economy has  been strangled by Federal regulations which are burying small  businesses and families. Federal regulations imposed on  [[Page H128]]  America's job creators and households created a staggering economic  burden of almost $2 trillion in 2014. That is almost $15,000 per U.S.  household, and 11.5 percent of America's real GDP.   But today, the House has an opportunity to cut through the red tape  and restore the balance of powers. Economic growth cannot happen from  Washington, D.C., it can only come from Main Street. That is why I  adamantly oppose unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats issuing their  own closed-door regulations in place of congressional regulations. The  REINS Act will restore Congress' Article I powers and give a voice back  to the American people. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for  H.R. 26.   