 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3731. This bill would raise  the cap on overtime pay for Secret Service agents through next year.   These agents pursue the unique dual role of the Secret Service, which  consists of protective and investigative functions. Secret Service  agents are most commonly known for their role in protecting the  President, Vice President, their families, and other dignitaries. Their  duties, however, also involve rotations into units that investigate  threats against our financial system, certain types of identity theft,  and related cybercrimes.   This bill before us today is before us because the demands on these  agents have increased significantly under the Trump administration.  President Trump seems to travel to properties in Florida, New Jersey,  and Virginia almost every weekend, and the number of individuals in the  Trump administration under Secret Service protection has exceeded 40,  in comparison to just over 30 under the Obama administration.  Protective overtime hours for special agents are 15 to 20 percent  higher than those during the last non-Presidential campaign year.   Because of the increased workload, many Secret Service personnel will  hit the statutory pay cap this year, and next. This bill would raise  the cap through calendar year 2018. This change is necessary to allow  Secret Service agents to be compensated for the extraordinary rigors  and time demands placed upon them as they work diligently to fulfill  their critical mission. The adjustment is necessary for the retention  of well-trained agents and the recruitment of new ones.    I also note that the bill would require GAO to conduct a study of the  Secret Service's implementation of recommendations concerning training  and personnel made 3 years ago by the Secret Service Mission Panel.  Congress will benefit from receiving a progress report on this effort.   The various provisions of this bill will help make the Secret Service  a more effective agency in pursuing its dual mission.   Mr. Speaker, I, therefore, support H.R. 3731 and ask that my  colleagues do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317.   Unfortunately, this bill is needed to help protect young women and  girls from the horrible practice of female genital mutilation. H.R.  3317 would increase the maximum penalty from 5 years to 15 years for  female genital mutilation to appropriately punish those who commit this  horrible crime.    FGM, female genital mutilation, is internationally recognized as a  violation of the human rights of girls and young women. It is currently  a crime in 26 States, including New York, in addition to the  prohibition in the Federal criminal code.   Around the world, at least five girls are mutilated in this way every  single hour. An estimated 100 million girls and 140 million women  worldwide are living with the consequences of genital mutilation.   Despite the fact that female genital mutilation has been banned in  the United States since 1996, people continue to engage in this abusive  practice. Recently, the first prosecution  [[Page H9639]]  was initiated under the Federal statute. A doctor in Michigan was  charged with performing female genital mutilation on two girls who had  been brought across State lines for this purpose.   Those who commit these horrendous crimes should be held accountable  for their actions. I support increasing the maximum penalty under  Federal law from 5 to 15 years in order to reflect the severity of  these injuries and their long-lasting consequences and, perhaps, to  better deter these crimes. Therefore, I support this bill, and I urge  my colleagues to do the same.   