 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding to me.   The gentleman just brought up an interesting point. It is true that  in the Netherlands, when they reviewed their experience, they found  that just legalizing physician-assisted suicide actually increases the  amount of nonphysician-assisted suicide. It sends the wrong message. It  absolutely sends the wrong message.   I want to thank the good doctor from Ohio for introducing this bill  because certainly the Nation's Capital is one where we should be very  careful since the Constitution has entrusted us with approving or  disapproving the laws in the Nation's Capital. It behooves Congress to  take a good look at a law like this, the so-called Death with Dignity  Act. Now, that is striking because most people don't associate suicide  with dignity in any way, shape, or form, and for good reason. But I  will get to that.    There are a lot of myths associated with the bill. First of all,  assisted suicide somehow offers patients more choices. It actually  doesn't. What it does is it actually sends a very strong message that  regardless of the many types of disease you might have and the many  types of treatment that may be available, there is one final, common  pathway that the State--in this case, the District--would now say is  perfectly acceptable. In fact, it is not only perfectly acceptable, it  is legal to actually go to a physician and ask them to participate in  your suicide. That doesn't lead to more choice; that ultimately leads  to less choice.   But the use of the word ``dignity'' is striking to me because the  number one group of individuals, if we would collectively look at how  we would describe those individuals to whom this applies, really, are  individuals with some kind of disability, perhaps with a disease or  disability that, according to the law, two physicians would just have  to agree, knowing how imperfect the idea to predict lifespan is, that  those could result in death in 6 months. Associating that kind of  problem with the ultimate outcome of death by suicide I think removes  dignity. It doesn't add dignity to anyone's life.   Worse than that, what we have done now and what we have seen in terms  of the functional reduction of choice is that, according to many of the  new payment systems for health care in this country, you actually align  the incentives of the patient's health care from top to bottom.   What do I mean by that?   Now over half the physicians in the country no longer work for  themselves; they are employed by entities. Frequently, these entities  share the same financial risk as the physicians in terms of their being  driven to save money. That is it. There are numerous incentives to save  money within the law. If you don't believe me, go back and read the  Medicare rules and regulations.   In fact, it should be noted that in the Netherlands, where assisted  suicide has been legal for years, the average age for women is 65 who  participate; for men it is 62. That means, Mr. Speaker, almost half the  individuals are Medicare patients. There are powerful incentives built  into Medicare to save money--powerful incentives--accountable care  organizations, for instance, where the physician who is the patient's  attending physician happens to work for the same healthcare system that  shares in financial incentives if money is saved.   Mr. Speaker, I would proffer--and I think any Member who is against  this legislation and for the Death with Dignity Act should stipulate  that, clearly, it saves money to give someone a $300 prescription for  secobarbital rather than pay for expensive cancer therapy or expensive  therapy that might cure a patient. That doesn't give a patient dignity.  That doesn't add to their dignity. What that does is it now places the  patient in the situation, if they truly understand the financial  incentives in the system, to actually question whether their physician  is doing the right thing for them.   In fact, the consulting physician under the Death with Dignity Act  doesn't have to belong to a different financial entity. A physician  working for this healthcare entity who actually saves money through the  act of suicide can send the patient right across the hall to a  consulting physician to agree, that consulting physician being a part  of the same accountable care organization. That is wrong. But that is  the situation patients will find themselves in, questioning whether  their physician has a financial incentive to write that lethal  prescription.   Now, the other straw man that is set up very frequently, and if you  look at the Pew Research study that asks people their opinion, ``Do you  think we should allow death with dignity?'' they frequently mention  only one situation: a patient with terminal disease in extreme pain.  But, Mr. Speaker, the data  [[Page H1001]]  is that only 20 percent of patients who seek physician-assisted suicide  have pain as their primary reason.   Now, we are all compassionate people. Every human being has suffered  pain, some human beings more than others, and it is not hard to  understand how someone answering that poll question thinking of a  patient with terminal illness in severe pain, knowing what pain is  about, how difficult it is to treat pain unless it is done with the  most modern methods, might say, yeah, maybe dying is better. But, Mr.  Speaker, that is a straw man: 80 percent of patients say it is  something else; 92 percent saying it is losing autonomy--losing  autonomy.   Our solution to losing autonomy in a patient or being less able to  engage in activities making life enjoyable, 90 percent of patients  saying that, society's solution is to write a lethal prescription?   I will tell you, I am most troubled--and I will close with this. As a  physician, I went into medicine to actually help people, to help people  get better. That is why people go into health care. That is why my  daughters became nurses. They became nurses to help people get better.  God knows that is what we want to do. That is true compassion.   But now to say that if a physician, against their Hippocratic oath,  shall prescribe a medication that knowingly kills a patient--and let's  not mince words. That is what the Death with Dignity Act does. It says  a licensed practitioner with a license to heal now has a license to  kill--knowingly kill--a patient put under their care. That is a step,  Mr. Speaker, I would offer that, as a society, we should take a long  and hard look at before we ask our healers to, effectively, become  killers.   