 Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member, and I  appreciate his work. I appreciate the chairman's work on this bill.   I believe that this proposal is ill-timed, and that is why I rise in  opposition to it.   Today, World Intellectual Property Day, the protection of our  Nation's intellectual property and, specifically, our copyrights is too  important to take lightly.   The system for the appointment of the Register of Copyrights has long  been in place, and selection of the head of the Office of Copyrights  has been within the purview of the Librarian of Congress, this Nation's  top librarian.   The system is not broken, but the entire system, including the  Library of Congress, is in need of congressional attention and upgrade.  What is needed is modernization, which requires more funding. Our first  order of business should be to fund adequately the operations of the  Library of Congress as well as the Office of Copyrights. But in these  days where we are trying to keep the government from closing, you see  what we are dealing with in that regard. It is fitting that this  decision remain with the Librarian, as she has an interest in  protecting copyrighted materials as head librarian.   The nomination and consent process has been politicized, with the  recent theft from President Obama of a United States Supreme Court  appointment serving as Exhibit A.   The Library has been well underfunded for many years, and separating  the Register's Office would not help with the comprehensive  modernization of the Library or the Copyright Office. Instead, it would  subject the newly independent Office to the appropriations process,  which, as I stated, is already failing.   The Library of Congress is the premiere stakeholder in the smooth and  efficient operations of the Office of Copyrights. The Librarian of  Congress is in the best position to monitor the operations of the  Copyright Office much more than the Office of the President.    Modernization of the Library has been discussed for the past 10  years. Let's do it comprehensively. Let's not start off with this  proposal which, quite frankly, doesn't pass the smell test at this  time.   