 Mr. President, I know the Presiding Officer is a fellow  westerner, from a State that is impacted by decisions made by our  public lands management agencies, whether that is the Bureau of Land  Management or the Forest Service. Both Colorado and Arizona, as well as  Wyoming and Utah--all of our Western States--are greatly affected by  decisions that are made in Washington, DC. In a conversation I had with  the Presiding Officer from Arizona, we discussed the fact that 85  percent of the State of Arizona is managed by the Federal Government.  Whether it is the State or a Tribal entity or the Federal Government,  about 47 percent is being federally managed. In the State of Colorado,  about half of our State is managed by a public entity. Whether that is  the State or a Tribal entity or the Forest Service, BLM land, the  Department of the Interior, roughly half of the State is managed by the  Federal Government, the State government or others. In other words, it  is not in private landownership. So that means that the decisions made  by these public land management agencies have a significantly outsized  impact on our States than it does on States say east of the  Mississippi.   So today I come to the floor to talk about one of those decisions  made by the Bureau of Land Management's planning 2.0 rule. The  discussion we are having today is about whether we should approve a  resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to stop  the BLM 2.0 rule from going forward.   The Bureau of Land Management has over 245 million acres of public  land. Almost all of those acres are west of the Mississippi River,  predominantly in 12 States. The final BLM 2.0 rule is an example of how  little Washington bureaucrats understand about the West and how little  they understand about how the Federal Government and how Federal  policymaking doesn't work when you try to take something they think of  in Washington and put it on the people of the West.   It is the promulgation of this rule that actually led to my call for  relocating the headquarters of the Bureau of Land Management out of  Washington, DC, and to put it in a place like Grand Junction, CO,  because I believe it is important that we have public land managers and  decisions about our public lands being made by those who are directly  affected by that public land being in their backyard. If you live in  the State of Colorado or if you are a county commissioner on the  Western Slope, some of those counties have over 90 percent of their  county managed by the Federal Government. A decision made by that  public land agency directly impacts them, not in a couple of weeks or  months or next year but that very same day. To have somebody from  Washington, DC, deciding a one-size-fits-all approach that is going to  apply to a Western Slope county commissioner is just absurd. So moving  the BLM headquarters to a place like Colorado or Arizona would  absolutely result in better policies that work on the ground for our  Governors, landowners, county commissioners, farmers, ranchers,  cattlemen, energy producers, sportsmen, and recreationalists because  they would be nearest to the lands that the decisions being made are  affecting.   I hope we can move this country away from this ``Washington knows  best'' mentality. That is why this resolution of disapproval is so  important, because that is exactly what it would do, which is to remove  ``Washington knows best'' by stopping the BLM planning 2.0 rule.   As it stands, I don't believe this rule should move forward. I have  committed to Coloradans, to county commissioners, and to the people of  my State that I will always have the goal to put more Colorado in  Washington and less Washington in Colorado. A county commissioner in  western Colorado, from Dolores, Garfield, Grand, Gunnison, Hinsdale,  Jackson, Mesa, Moffat, Montezuma, Montrose, or Rio Blanco County should  have more say in decisions that are impacting their backyard on BLM  lands than someone sitting behind a desk in New York City. They tell me  that their ability to have an impact on their backyard lessens as a  result of the BLM planning 2.0 rule. They believe they actually have  less say under the new rule than somebody who doesn't live anywhere  near their land or their State or their county or those BLM lands.   I believe that Colorado State and local leaders and local users  should have a strong voice on local land management decisions. It is  their backyard. Yes, it is public land, but the fact is they are the  ones trying to make a living, trying to govern, trying to make  decisions that are best for their constituents, and they should have a  voice in those decisions.   I also firmly believe in managing our public lands under the  multiple-use philosophy, which promotes recreation, grazing, and energy  development with a balanced approach.   If the Congressional Review Act's resolution of disapproval on the  BLM planning 2.0 rule is approved and signed into law, there will still  be an opportunity to improve management and update policies at the  Bureau of Land Management.   I think that is one of the areas of misinformation that we see about  resolutions of disapproval. There are some who support the BLM planning  2.0 rule, and there are some who have supported other rules that this  Chamber has voted to disapprove through the Congressional Review Act.  Those people who support it sometimes get their facts wrong when they  say things like: Well, if you repeal this rule, if you approve the  resolution of disapproval, then there is no way that you can actually  rule in this area again or make a  [[Page S1614]]  regulation that impacts this area of law again. That is simply not  true. The truth is, when you use a resolution of disapproval, it simply  says that we think this is the wrong rule that went forward through the  executive branch agencies and we ought to use Congress--those people  who understand the needs of their States better than a rulemaker in  Washington, DC--to go forward with a new piece of legislation, a new  authorization for a different rule. If we do that, then, we are going  to have better policies because we have been able to account for every  voice in the process, instead of leaving voices like those county  commissioners, whom I talked about, out to dry.   I have told many recreationalists and sportsmen in Colorado that I am  working with our Democratic colleagues and Secretary Zinke at the  Department of the Interior on how we can move forward with the land  management decisions and land use plans that take into account some of  their concerns with this resolution of disapproval. There are updates  and modifications that can be achieved, but they should all have  stakeholder input. I don't believe that this planning rule 2.0 actually  took into account all of the different stakeholders' views.   Working with some landowners cannot be at the expense of others.  Right now, our cattlemen, farmers, ranchers, and county commissioners  have severe concerns with BLM planning 2.0, and they feel as though  they did not have a voice in the development of this rule.   I believe we can do better as elected officials and that we can give  these local users' and landowners' interests a stronger voice in moving  forward and that we can move forward together. So let's approve this  resolution of disapproval that would claw back the BLM 2.0 rule. Let's  make sure that local voices are given a place at the table. Let's make  sure that county commissioners have influence over their area that is  greater than somebody in New York City who doesn't live there. Let's  make sure that we can protect the multiple-use philosophy of our public  lands. Whether it is energy, recreation, or renewable energy, we have  incredible opportunities on our public lands. But we can do better by  working with Congress and taking into account every voice and making  sure that we have a rule that is broadly supported instead of narrowly  supported.   That is why I intend to support the Congressional Review Act  resolution of disapproval today, and I hope that my colleagues will do  the same, as we truly find a bipartisan solution to give the people of  our States a greater say over policies that affect their own backyard.   Mr. President, thank you.   I yield the floor.   