 Mr. Speaker, I do quite agree with what Mr. Capuano just  shared, but I will say this: for anybody listening to this broadcast  today, this is a classic fight of the big money against the many. The  big money, they say that they want even more money, so they want to be  able to dig into your private information so that they can figure out  when you get up, when you go to bed, what you looked up, and then write  ads just so they could try to sell you more stuff.   And as disgusting as that is, you can see easily how that is not the  end of it. What if you have somebody who has something really sensitive  that they just want a little bit more information about, that is not of  a nature where it is saleable, but it is just their business? Well,  somebody else is going to know now. And they may well be able to  monetize it, gather it, and distribute it.   It is outrageous what the majority is doing today, and I can't  possibly believe that it is conservative, that it is small government.  I can't believe that they believe that this is what a government in  restraint should do. The government should be protecting our rights,  protecting our privacy. Small government means that the individual  ought to be protected from the big powers out there, like the corporate  interests, yet the majority is handing us over to them at this very  hour.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of the majority to vote against this. I  can't believe that a person who is a constitutional conservative would  ever vote for a monstrosity like this. It is beyond my comprehension  that a conservative libertarian would say: oh, yeah, give the  individuals' information over to the big commercial interests. This is  one of those moments.   The majority, you guys have the House, you have the Senate, and you  have the White House. The only restraint you have is yourselves. And I  know there has got to be somebody in that body who believes that  Comcast, Sprint, and all of the rest should not have anybody's  underwear size in this body.   It is an outrage. It is an abuse, and I urge a very emphatic ``no.''   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   