 Mr. Speaker, I was here in 1981. They said the 1981 bill  would pay for itself.   David Stockman, a former colleague from Michigan, was here. He was at  OMB. A few years later, he wrote a book and he said: I said it would  pay for itself, and I knew that was not true.   The same can be said of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, history will indeed remember this vote. Future  generations of Americans will remember who cast their votes to raise  taxes on 86 million middle class households and heap another $1.5  trillion in deficits onto our children and our grandchildren.   They will remember who cast their votes for a plan that gives 83  percent of its benefits to 1 percent of the American people.   They will remember that President Trump promised that the middle  class would get a tax cut and wealthy individuals like him would not,  before turning his back on that promise.   They will remember those who cast their vote to kick 13 million  Americans off their health insurance coverage.   They will remember those who acted with the full knowledge that their  votes would trigger a $25 billion cut to Medicare. I know you said you  are going to waive it, which would simply add $25 billion more to the  deficit.   Posterity will also remember those who stood up in the face of this  dangerous and partisan bill and said ``no.'' Those of us who vote  against it are doing so not because we oppose tax reform. On the  contrary. We recognize, as most Americans do, that this bill is not tax  reform. It is a tax giveaway to those who don't need our help, paid for  by those who need it the most. This is reckless and dangerous deficit  spending at its worst.   In 1986, Democrats and Republicans worked together in good faith and  over many months in an open, transparent, and regular order process to  craft real, bipartisan tax reform that helped the middle class without  adding a dime to the deficit. Not a single dime.   This has not been an open process. This has not been bipartisan. This  has not been transparent or through regular order.   This raises taxes, as I said, on 86 million Americans, who will pay  more taxes 10 years from now than they do today. It gives 83 percent of  the tax cuts to the top 1 percent, not the $59,000 family that Paul  Ryan talked about, but to those families making over $900,000 a year.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    This bill adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit. This is not  tax reform.   So Republicans may pat themselves on the back in the coming days for  having finally passed something out of Congress. Unfortunately, it is a  bad thing. I urge them to remember that this vote may be the most  consequential of their careers, and not positively.   I say to my friends across the aisle: Stand up and say ``no'' with us  and commit to start working on a product all Members of the Chamber can  be proud of, as was the case in 1986. That is what Ronald Reagan did.  In 1986, Reagan did not go down this reckless and irresponsible path.   Stand up for the principles you used to espouse but are now about to  abandon. Stand up for fiscal responsibility. Stand up for the middle  class. Stand up for what the American people hope we would do. This is  not it.   