 Mr. President, as we continue to discuss the Better Care  Act, which is an alternative bill that we will propose next week and  vote on, which takes the disaster known as ObamaCare which for millions  of Americans has led to sky-high premiums and unaffordable deductibles,  if they can even find an insurance company that will sell them an  insurance product--we will propose a better care act, as we call it,  not a perfect care act but a better care act.   It would be even better if our Democratic colleagues would join us  and work with us in this effort, but as we have come to find out, they  are unwilling to acknowledge the failures of ObamaCare. So we are  forced to do this without their assistance. It would be better if it  were bipartisan, if they would work with us, but they have made it very  clear that they are not interested in changing the broken structure of  ObamaCare. What I predict is that what they would offer is an insurance  company bailout, throwing perhaps hundreds of billions of dollars at  insurance companies in order to sustain a broken ObamaCare that will  never work--no matter how much money you throw at it. So people will  continue to suffer from the failures of ObamaCare unless we will have  the courage to step forward and to say we are going to do the very best  we can with the tough hand we have been dealt to help save the American  people who are being hurt right now.    Basically, there are four principles involved. One is we want to  stabilize the individual insurance market, which is the one that  insurance companies are fleeing now because they are bleeding red ink.  They can't make any money, and they are tired of losing money so they  basically pull their roots up and leave town, leaving customers in the  lurch.   Secondly, we want to make sure we actually lower insurance premiums.  Under the original discussion draft bill that we introduced about a  week or so ago, the Congressional Budget Office said we will see  premiums go down as much as 30 percent over time. Now, I wish I could  say we were going to be able to have an immediate effect on those  premiums, but the truth is this is much better than our friends across  the aisle have offered us with the offer to basically sustain a broken  ObamaCare system.   The third thing we want to do is protect people who might have their  health insurance hurt or impeded by preexisting conditions. We want to  maintain the current law so people are protected when they leave their  work or when they change jobs.   The fourth is, we want to put Medicaid on a sustainable path.  Medicaid is one of the three major entitlement programs, and now we  spend roughly $400 billion on Medicaid in this country. Our friends  across the aisle don't want to do anything that would keep that from  growing higher and higher and higher, to the point where basically the  system collapses. We believe that is not the responsible choice. What  we propose is to spend $71 billion more on Medicaid over the budget  window and to work to transition those States that have expanded  Medicaid and offer their people a better option in the private  insurance area, but I just want to mention that I have shared a number  of stories about, for example, a small business owner in Donna, TX, who  was forced to fire their employees so they could afford to keep the  doors open and provide health insurance for the remaining people. You  have to ask: What in the world could lead us to a system which would  discourage people from hiring more folks and basically put them in a  position where they had to fire them in order to make ends meet? But  that is what the employer mandate did under ObamaCare. If you have more  than 50 employees, you are subject to  [[Page S3949]]  the employer mandate. You get punished unless you make sure your  employees are covered with insurance, and many times it is unaffordable  so it had the perverse impact of small businesses saying: We can't  afford to grow the number of people who are working in our business or  we are going to need to shrink it in order to avoid that penalty.  Stories like this remind me of just how important our efforts are to  repeal and replace ObamaCare.   The status quo is not working. In fact, every year ObamaCare gets  worse for the millions of people in the individual market in  particular. It is important that ObamaCare is not just about insurance.  ObamaCare is about penalties that are being imposed on businesses that  hurt their ability to grow and create jobs. That is one reason I  believe that since the great recession of 2008, where ordinarily you  would see a sharp bounce up in the economy, that the economy has been  largely flat and has not been growing, in part, because of the  penalties, mandates, and regulations associated with ObamaCare.   Not only has ObamaCare made health insurance more expensive while  taking away choices, it also has compounded fundamental problems with  important safety net programs like Medicaid. I wish to share a story  from an emergency room employee in Lake Granbury, TX, who wrote to me  about the alarming trend she has noticed in the hospital where she  works. She says, because fewer and fewer physicians will see a Medicaid  patient, she has seen an influx of these Medicaid patients who  ostensibly have coverage coming to the emergency room for their primary  care. As she points out, this is not a good situation for patients and  hospitals. In my State, according to the latest survey of the Texas  Medical Association that I have seen, only 31 percent of doctors in  Texas will see a new Medicaid patient. That may sound crazy, but let me  explain why. Because Medicaid basically pays a physician about half of  what private insurance pays when it comes to see a patient, many of  them simply say: Well, I can't afford to see a lot of Medicaid  patients. I need to balance that or at least make sure I see enough  private insurance patients to make sure I can keep the doors open and  meet my obligations. What happens when fewer and fewer doctors actually  see Medicaid patients is, people end up showing up in the emergency  room for their primary care because they can't find a doctor to see  them. The truth is, medical outcomes based on many studies that have  been done in recent years are that Medicaid coverage in those instances  can be no worse and no better than not having insurance at all.  ObamaCare was put in place ostensibly to avoid reliance on emergency  rooms for access to care, but as we all know, ObamaCare hasn't lived up  to many of its promises and unfortunately making stories like this one  commonplace.   I mentioned this earlier, but just to see the trend line, in 2000, 60  percent of Texas physicians accepted new Medicaid patients; today that  number is 34 percent. I think I may have earlier said 31 percent. It is  actually 34 percent, due to lower rates of provider reimbursement,  leaving places like Lake Granbury in the lurch and causing them to have  to turn to the emergency room for their primary care as a last resort.   Every 2 years, Texas doctors fight with the Texas legislature to  raise payments for the Medicaid system, but the reality is, there is  not enough money to go around, even though it is the No. 1 or No. 2  budget item in the Texas legislature's budget every year, and it is  growing so fast it is crowding out everything from higher education to  law enforcement and other priorities.   Across the country, Medicaid spending has ballooned out of control.  In Texas, 25 percent of the State's budget, as I indicated, is  dedicated to this program, 25 percent of its overall budget--usually  No. 1 or No. 2.   So we have to be honest with ourselves and the people we represent  that this situation is not sustainable. We owe it to the millions of  people to make sure the people who really need it--the fragile,  elderly, disabled adults and children--that it is there for them, not  only now but in the future. That is why we have been discussing ways we  might strengthen the sustainability of Medicaid to ensure that families  who actually need it can rely on it, and they don't have the rug pulled  out from under them. This requires doing some hard work of reforming  the way States handle Medicaid funding.   For example, Medicaid, as is currently applied, States are only  allowed to review their list of Medicaid recipients once a year, but a  lot can happen in a period of a year. Somebody can get a job, and they  may be no longer eligible based on the income qualifications for  Medicaid. If they can only check once a year, then people remain on the  rolls, even though they may no longer qualify. Regardless of whether  somebody gets a job or moves or passes away or no longer needs  Medicaid, they are still in the system, and there is nothing the States  can do about it. We would like to change that. While it sounds like a  simple matter, when the average Medicaid patient costs the State more  than $9,000 each and as high as almost $12,000 per elderly individual,  it adds up.   One of the things we saw that ObamaCare did in the States that  expanded Medicaid coverage is that those States decided to cover single  adults who are capable of working. This bill would also allow States to  experiment with a work requirement as part of the eligibility for  Medicaid. We are not mandating it, saying they have to do it, but if  the State chooses to do it, then they can do so. We need to give the  States the flexibility they need so they can use the Medicaid funding  they have more efficiently so more people can get access to quality  care.   I want to be clear: 4.7 million Texans rely on Medicaid. Of course,  those rolls tend to churn based on people's employment and their family  circumstance, but it is not going anywhere. We want to make sure we  preserve Medicaid for the people who actually need it the most. We are  working to make it stronger, more efficient, and, yes, more  sustainable. I guess some people live in a fantasy world, where they  think we can continue to spend money we don't have and there will never  be any consequences associated with it. The fastest items of spending  in the Federal budget are entitlement programs including Medicaid.  Right now we are at $20 trillion. We have done a pretty good job--I  know we don't get much credit for it--we have done a pretty good job of  controlling discretionary spending, but the 70 percent of mandatory  spending, including Medicaid, has been going up, on average, about 5.5  percent a year. That can't happen in perpetuity. Right now, we know we  have $20 trillion, roughly, in debt--$20 trillion. It is frankly  immoral for those of us who are adults today to spend money borrowed  from the next generation and beyond because somebody ultimately is  going to have to pay it back, and it is going to have real-world  consequences.   We know that since the great recession, the Federal Reserve has kept  interest rates very low through their monetary policy, but we know as  well that as the economy tends to get a little bit better and  unemployment comes down, they are going to begin inching those interest  rates up little by little, which means we are going to end up paying  the people who own our debt, our bondholders, more and more money  strictly for the purpose of giving them a return on their investment  for the debt they buy. This is an opportunity for us not only to put  Medicaid on a sustainable path, to do the responsible thing, to give  the States ultimate flexibility in terms of how they handle it, it is  also a matter of keeping faith with the next generation and beyond when  it comes to this unsustainable debt burden.   I hear people talk about slashing Medicaid despite the fact that the  Congressional Budget Office estimates that Medicaid spending will grow  by $71 billion over the next 10 years. Only in Washington, DC, is that  considered a cut, where spending next year exceeds what it is this year  and the next and so on, and it goes up by $71 billion. Yet you will  hear people come to the Senate floor and say that is a cut and that we  are slashing Medicaid. It is nothing of the kind.   To me, the choice is clear. Do we want to continue with the failures  of ObamaCare or do we want to do our very best to try to provide better  choices and better options?   Do we want to continue to allow the status quo, which is hurting  families,  [[Page S3950]]  putting a strain on doctors and our emergency rooms and hospitals like  I mentioned in Lake Granbury or do we actually want to address the  fundamental flaws of our healthcare system?   I wish we could do something perfect, but certainly with the  constraints imposed by the fact that our Democratic friends are not  willing to lift a finger to help, and given the fact that we have to do  this using the budget process--those are some pretty serious  constraints. We basically have to do this with one arm tied behind our  back, but we are going to do the best we can because we owe it to the  people we represent. I encourage our colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to try to take a fresh look at this and figure out how we can be  part of the solution, not just to compound the problem.   There is one thing I haven't mentioned that I am particularly excited  about in the Better Care Act; that is, for States like Texas that did  not expand Medicaid to cover able-bodied adults in the 100 to 138  percent of Federal poverty level, in the Better Care Act, we provide  them access to private health insurance coverage and access for the  first time. About 600,000 Texans--low-income Texans--who, for the first  time under the provisions of this bill, will have access to a tax  credit, and States, using the Innovation and Stability Fund and  something called the section 1332 waivers, will be able to design  programs which will make healthcare more affordable in the private  insurance market.   One reason people prefer the private insurance market to Medicaid is  for the reason I mentioned earlier, that Medicaid reimburses healthcare  providers about 50 cents on the dollar compared to private health  insurance. This actually will provide them more access to more choices  than they have now, certainly. Certainly, for that cohort of people  between 100 percent of Federal poverty and 138 percent of Federal  poverty in those States that didn't expand.   I am excited about what we are trying to do here and its potential.  Again, to stabilize the markets, which are in meltdown mode right now  and we all know are unsustainable, our friends across the aisle will  say: We will talk to you if you take all the reforms off the table,  which translates to me: We will talk to you about bailing out a bunch  of insurance companies but doing nothing to solve the basic underlying  pathology in the system. So we are going to do that in our bill, the  Better Care Act.    Secondly, we want to make sure that we do everything in our power to  bring down premiums. I know the Presiding Officer cares passionately  about this. This may well be the litmus test for our success. Under the  discussion draft we released earlier, the CBO said that in the third  year, you could see premiums as much as 30 percent lower, but we would  like to see even more choices and premiums lower than that and more  affordable.   The third thing our Better Care Act will do is to protect people  against preexisting conditions. Right now, people sometimes refuse to  or are afraid to leave their jobs in search of other jobs because, if  they have preexisting conditions, then they cannot get coverage with  the new insurance companies for a period of time. That is called the  preexisting condition exclusion. We would like to protect people  against that eventuality so that people do not have to be worried about  changing jobs or losing their jobs and losing their coverage.   Fourth, as I have taken a few minutes to talk about here today, we  want to put Medicaid--one of the most important safety net programs in  the Federal Government--on a sustainable path, one that is fair to the  States that expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act and to  those that did not. I think any fair-minded person who is looking at  what we have proposed here would agree with me that it is not perfect  but that it, certainly, fits the name that we have ascribed to it. It  is a better alternative than people have under the status quo.   I urge all of our colleagues to work with us in good faith to try to  improve it.   Here is the best news of all, perhaps, to those who would have other  ideas. We do have an opportunity to have an open amendment process, and  sometimes that does not happen around here. People say: Here it is.  Take it or leave it. You cannot change it. All you can do is vote for  it or vote against it.   That is not what we are going to do. We are going to have an open  amendment process. As long as Senators have the energy to stay on their  feet and offer amendments, they can get votes on those amendments. I  cannot think of a better way to reflect the will of the Senate and to  come out with the very best product that we can under the  circumstances.   We are on a trajectory next week to begin this process and will have,  probably, some very late nights and early mornings come Thursday and  Friday.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   