 Mr. President, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will keep over  $700 million per year in Montanans' pockets. That is not a number that  I calculated; that came right from the Montana Department of Revenue.  And that is just for the individuals in Montana. That $700 million will  be moved from Washington, DC, back to the people of Montana.   I can tell you something: Hard-working Montanans could use a pay  raise. In fact, in Montana, we have some of the lowest per capita wages  in the Nation. Contrast that with what is going on in Washington, DC.  In fact, if you Google ``wealthiest counties in the U.S.A.''--I  challenge you to do that. Take your smartphone and Google ``wealthiest  counties in the U.S.A.'' and look at what you find. The top three  wealthiest counties in America are suburbs of Washington, DC. In fact,  6 out of 10 of those counties are counties adjacent to Washington, DC.  Montanans don't need to send an additional $700 million of their money  back to Washington, DC. In fact, according to the Montana Department of  Revenue, nearly 99 percent of Montanans will see a tax cut under the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. On average, Montanans will keep approximately  $1,600 of their hard-earned money each year.   Moreover, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act repeals once and for all  ObamaCare's poverty tax--the so-called individual mandate. This tax has  systematically penalized the low-income for not being able to afford  health insurance. Frankly, repealing this tax is one of the most  compassionate things we could do as part of this legislation.   Adding insult to injury, when you peel back what is going on with  this poverty tax, 42 percent of those paying that poverty tax, that  ObamaCare mandate tax, make less than $25,000 a year. In fact, 82  percent of the penalty payers paying this tax make less than $50,000 a  year. Repealing this tax is the right thing to do.   At the end of the day, the question here is pretty simple: Who  deserves more money? Who deserves more control? Is it right here in  Washington, DC, or is it the American people? Is it the people of  Montana? I think the answer to that question is pretty easy. I believe  Montanans do. So I will be voting for hard-working Montana families so  they can keep more of their own money. As we debate what we should do  with the cash here in Washington, DC, whose money is it anyway? It came  from the people of this country. It came from the people of Montana. I  will be voting for Montana Main Street businesses, for the hard-working  middle class of Montana so we can grow wages--some of the lowest in the  Nation--and grow jobs. I will be voting to return some of Montanans'  hard-earned money back to the people who sent it here in the first  place.   Mr. President, I yield back my time.   