 Thank you, Cliff.   Let me associate myself with Connie Morella's remarks. Your  leadership of FMC has been exemplary, and your report today is a  tribute to our great energy and commitment. On behalf of our  Association, thank you very much, Connie.   I want to thank Speaker Ryan for what he said today about coming to  visit us, but also talking about our being ambassadors to the Nation. I  think we are, not only the Nation, but worldwide, about the Congress  and how proud we are of the Congress and the democracy that we have  here, and even with our great differences in today's world, how we  carry on and represent the people and commend the Congress for doing  so.   I am tremendously pleased to share with our colleagues an update on  our charitable golf tournament. As Cliff mentioned, I, along with Ken  Kramer, co-chair the event, which is now in its 11th year.   Back in 2006, we had low attendance. It was just a competitive match  that we had between Republicans and Democrats out at Andrews Air Force  Base and very private. We were dwindling in our attendance, and we  thought maybe we could change this and make it into something effective  for the community.   We were able to transform it into something that was fun but also,  more importantly, inspirational, where the focus was not just on your  golfing ability. I am the example. I am not a golfer. I have co-chaired  this for 10 years with Ken now, but I am the worst duffer you could  have out there, yet the Democrats still won even with me on their team  this year.   It has become successful. As of today, the tournament has raised  almost $1.3 million to help veterans and their families deal with  injuries sustained during the Afghanistan and Iraq wars.   The two beneficiaries of the money raised, Warfighters Sports, a  division of Disabled Sports USA who helps with 120 different sports for  their members across this Nation who have been injured in defending our  country, and Tee it Up for the Troops, are two outstanding  organizations that use adaptive sports as a way for severely wounded  veterans to reengage with their families and communities and get a bit  of their prewar activity back into their lives. These guys go skiing,  they go mountain climbing, horseback riding. You name it, they do it.  We are so proud of the men and women and what they have accomplished.   We are proud that for the last 3 years, we have shared this honor of  co-chairing the tournament with Congressman Jimmy Duncan of Tennessee,  who I am sorry to see is retiring now--he has just been an excellent  chairman and a great friend to all of us all these years--and  Congressman Gene Green of Texas, who has just been an outstanding  leader and is going to continue with us, I hope. He is just so  enthusiastic in getting Members out there.   They are the ones who recruit the current Members of Congress, and  they bug them and hassle them every week to get them out to our  tournament. We have had more people, more Members at our tournament  than other golf tournaments. There are so many different tournaments  here in Washington that have Members play, but we have had the greatest  turnout over the years.   It is unlike any other golf tournament. There is still a little  friendly competition. As I said, the Democrats won this year. I can't  say that enough, because we lost for the past 7 years prior. And, you  know, Republicans belong to more country clubs than Democrats, anyway.  I think they have more experience.   More importantly, we have had over 30 wounded veterans play this last  year, and every year in our tournament, so many wounded veterans, and  it is just inspirational.   I played with a veteran from Michigan, a young man who had been in  Afghanistan 2 weeks on the Army police force there, and lost his leg in  a bomb explosion. And he was out there playing golf. Just an  outstanding golfer, outstanding American, and to share that day with  him has just been an honor for all of us.   So we are already working now on the tournament for next year. It  will be April of next year. We hope we get more former Members out. As  I have said, we have done really well with current Members of Congress,  but what we need is to get more former Members out. It doesn't matter  our age or our ability. Even if you can just come out for the day and  spend it with the veterans, you know, watching the match and having  lunch and dinner and breakfast with the Members and, more importantly,  the veterans, that is really worthwhile. If you bring your family out  there too for a while, that is fine too. It is always at the Army and  Navy Club, so it is convenient.   We finish early. We start early. We start at 8 and we finish about 4  in the afternoon, so we leave before the rush hour traffic so the  Members can get back here for a vote. So we would love to have you come  out even for a few hours if you have the time.   Ken Kramer, Pete Weichlein and I back in 2006 wondered whether we  could change our existing tournament to something more meaningful, and  decided to transform the golf event from a highly competitive Members  only tournament to a fun and inspirational fundraiser, where the focus  was not on your golfing ability, but rather on coming together, on a  bipartisan basis, former and current Members alike, for a great cause.  I think I can speak for Ken and Pete when I say that we have succeeded  beyond our wildest dreams. As of today the tournament has raised almost  $1.3 million to help veterans and their families deal with injuries  sustained during the Afghanistan and Iraq wars. The two beneficiaries  of the money raised, Warfighters Sports, a division of Disabled Sports  USA, and Tee it Up for the Troops are two outstanding organizations  that use adaptive sports as a way for severely wounded warriors to re- engage with their families and communities and get a bit of their pre- war activity back into their lives.   Both Ken Kramer and I have had the honor to be cochair of this  tournament for the past 10 years, and we are proud that the last three  years we have shared this honor with Congressman Jimmy Duncan of  Tennessee and Congressman Gene Green of Texas. Jimmy and Gene are  instrumental in recruiting current Members to the tournament. This  tournament is unlike any other golf tournament. Although there still is  a little friendly competition with the Speakers Cup, which the  Democrats won this year after several years of losing to the  Republicans, the day is all about the vets. Over 30 wounded veterans  played in the tournament. It is quite amazing to see a wounded warrior,  for example, someone who has lost a leg, drive the ball like a pro,  out-shooting everyone in the foursome, or be inspired with stories of  the courage you hear while playing a round of golf with a warrior  suffering from traumatic brain injury. The tournament we hosted earlier  this year was our most successful yet, with the greatest number of  players and the largest dollar amount raised, and we already are  working on the next tournament in April 2018.   Before I yield the floor back to Cliff, let me thank him and Martin  Frost for their incredible leadership on our annual gala event, the  Statesmanship Awards Dinner. Cliff is FMC's president and Martin is the  event's chairman. They work tirelessly on making the dinner a signature  event here in D.C., and, more importantly, a huge successful evening  for all of us.   As you all know, we do not receive any funding from Congress, as  Cliff pointed out again this morning. Not a single taxpayer dollar is  earmarked for any of our programs, which, in my opinion, is exactly the  way it should be. We are independent, we raise our own money, and our  former Members donate their time pro bono for all the different  programs that we have. As Cliff went over, we had former Members donate  to us an astounding 6,500 hours of pro bono public service, even  without the need to cover an honorarium. Running all of our outstanding  programs does cost a lot of money and staff time. Therefore, in  addition to  [[Page H7583]]  foundation grants, the Statesmanship Awards Dinner is an incredibly  important piece of FMC's budgetary puzzle.   Over the years, I have heard so many of our former Members talk about  how much they appreciate our staff and how wonderful our staff is and  how they accomplish what would take ten-fold another staff to do. We  think it is the best staff in Washington. That is saying a lot,  considering all the other competitive nonprofits that are successful  here in Washington.   So the way that we can show our appreciation for the staff and what  they have accomplished and what they are doing for us and what they are  doing for our country is this dinner. That is the one thing that we can  all demonstrate our support at, because it pays their salaries. So if  you appreciate what they do and you think they deserve a bonus, the  best way to help them and to improve our Association is to help us sell  tickets for this dinner.   Under Martin Frost's chairmanship this last year, our 20th annual  dinner, we had the most successful event ever. It was getting to be  kind of the same old thing, and Pete Weichlein, our executive director  who spearheaded this effort, said let's change it up, let's move it to  the Mellon Auditorium, which has been a tremendous, majestic setting,  and let's have some outside awardees that we honor too. Let's not just  have a boring program where we have people get up and receive an award  and give a thank-you speech and then take pictures. Let's have a panel  discussion instead so we can involve the audience and take some  questions and we all stay awake and people don't sneak out early,  because it is interesting to hear that panel discussion.   That is what Pete Weichlein has created now, and I think it is those  two decisions that we now have the signature event here in Washington.  We have something that we are proud of where we see more and more  people come, more and more active Members come, people from the  administration, past Members come. The Speaker has been supportive, the  majority leader, minority leaders have been supportive in so many ways.  I just think it is a way that we get to talk about what we do to a  broader audience, and for them actually to say thank you to us by  coming to that dinner.   We now have a dinner that has become a signature event here in D.C.,  a classy and substantive evening of which all of us can be very proud.  The only thing missing is to make it a black-tie evening, and maybe  that is something we can consider for the future. It is that  sophisticated an event.   So Martin and Cliff have already put things in place to make the 2018  dinner even more outstanding. They should be commended for their  efforts. I, along with the other former Members serving on the event's  steering committee, are committed to helping them. I hope all the  former Members here today will take a closer look at the dinner and  decide to become more involved.   We are recognizing via this dinner the tremendous power of  bipartisanship, something that Speaker Ryan talked about that is so  important to all of us, and it really is exemplified in that dinner  every year by the awards that we give, by the discussion we have, and  by the people that attend.   So this year we are going to be honoring as honorees Senators Lamar  Alexander and Patty Murray, along with House Members Diana DeGette and,  my good friend, Fred Upton from Michigan. We will host a conversation  of our honorees on stage again so that those in attendance can hear  about their success reaching across the political aisle and working  together for the good of the country. They are able to tell stories  about exactly how they accomplish things and what they did and the kind  of personal relationships that they have and why that makes a  difference, the kind of thing that we know about, that we want to reach  the larger world so that they understand that things are done by  individuals working together, and not by speeches and by fundraising  alone, but by Members of Congress being effective and caring about  moving the ball forward.   The 21st Annual Statesmanship Awards Dinner is one of the most  impressive in town. You will not regret becoming involved. You will see  more of your former colleagues from both the House and the Senate, as  well as ambassadors. Connie Morella has brought more ambassadors to  that dinner and more administration officials and former officials than  ever before.   I am thinking of Speaker Ryan. A lot of us served with his former  boss, Jack Kemp. Jack Kemp was in the Reagan administration and was  such a leader. It just flows down from people who have served before  carrying that torch forward, and I think Speaker Ryan is a great  example of that. So the dinner exemplifies that, and it has become an  increasingly impressive event, showcasing our Association.   I hope all of you will join Martin and all the hard work he is doing.  He will push us. He is really good at pushing us. He did that when he  did it for the Democrats. He is a fundraiser. Now he does it, very  importantly, for our Association. We would like that muscle to be used  in a bipartisan way now.   Cliff's leadership is outstanding across the board and tireless. So  thank you very much. We are looking forward to a great dinner in 2018.   