 Mr. President, in less than 2 hours, the United States  will have a new Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Those  watching may conclude that perhaps there is still debate going on about  how we are going to vote. Everyone in the Senate knows how they are  going to vote on this confirmation. Quite frankly, the President  deserves the right to have someone at the CIA whom he trusts and is  going to do a good job at a very critical agency. This is a critical  component of our national security apparatus. It is unfortunate that  the first weekend as President he had to have that position vacant.  Nevertheless, that ill will be remedied here in about an hour and a  half.   I am proud to stand in support of Congressman Pompeo, whom I got to  know well. He was very supportive of my efforts earlier last year when  I chose to pursue the Presidency. I got to know a lot about him in that  endeavor. So I want to take a few moments to tell the people of Florida  and those who may be watching this, now or in the future, a little bit  about their next Director of the CIA.   First of all, he is an incredibly respected leader. Anyone who has  interacted with him, anyone who watched the hearing before the  Intelligence Committee would conclude that he was a star in terms of  the way he presented himself. That is in line with his honorable  service during his time on the House Intelligence Committee, which he  has been on for over 6 years.   He is a graduate of West Point. He is an Army veteran. He finished at  the top of his class at Harvard Law. I don't think anyone here would  say that someone who went to West Point, who served in the Armed  Forces, and who finished at the top of his class at one of the most  exclusive law schools in the world does not qualify for the job. He  certainly has the intellect for it, but he also has a very keen  understanding of our national security issues, both as a Congressman  but also from a practical perspective, having operated in that space in  the Army.   Senate Democrats, unfortunately, have delayed his confirmation for  political reasons. As I said earlier, we could have voted on this last  Friday, as the Senate Democratic leader had promised the chairman of  the Intelligence Committee. That word was not kept. Nevertheless, we  are here today, and we are going to move forward.   Our new Commander in Chief deserves and needs the Director of the CIA  in this job as soon as possible because we face a complex number of  dangerous threats, perhaps more than at any time in our recent memory.  These include the threat of radical Islamic terrorism--in Iraq, Syria,  Southeast Asia, North Africa, even here at home; Russian aggression  toward our friends and allies in Eastern Europe and elsewhere. We face  the savage Assad regime in Syria, which continues to slaughter innocent  men, women, and children, targeting civilians in Aleppo and other  places. We, of course, face an increasingly unstable dictator in North  Korea who continues to develop long-range missiles, soon capable of  reaching the west coast of the United States--at least according to his  claims. We face an emboldened China which, in pursuing their  illegitimate territorial claims in the South China Sea, threatens to  destabilize the region. We face Iranian leaders--an Iranian leader who  still leads the chant of ``Death to America'' every week as they cheat  on the lax requirements of President Obama's flawed nuclear deal. We  face illicit trafficking in the Western Hemisphere, right here in our  own backyard, that destabilizes governments in the region and floods  the streets of our country with narcotics.  [[Page S381]]    Quite frankly, Congressman Pompeo's national security experience  makes supporting his nomination one of the easiest nomination decisions  I have faced in the 6 years and 1 month that I have had the honor of  serving the people of Florida in the U.S. Senate.   As a military veteran, as a West Point graduate, as I said earlier,  he knows firsthand. We can read about this in a book. He knows  firsthand the role intelligence plays in helping the President and  other policymakers formulate both U.S. foreign policy and U.S. national  security policy and in turn protecting the American people.   Quite frankly, I believe any delay in approving this nomination  weakens America and strengthens our adversaries. It sends the wrong  message to the men and women of the Central Intelligence Agency who are  our first line of defense and among our finest public servants.   Congressman Pompeo served our country in the gulf war, and since 2011  he has served the country in Congress. I truly hope many of my  colleagues are willing to cross the aisle and support his nomination.  He is extraordinarily well qualified. It is a phenomenal thing for our  country that he will, in a few hours, be the new Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   