 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2781, the  Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Participation in Strategic Sourcing Act.   It is a bill that the kind gentleman from Florida and I have  sponsored so that it is easier for the Department of Veterans Affairs  to contract with the very veterans whom they serve.   As a veteran and someone who has worked with veterans, I understand  the challenges our servicemembers can face when they transition from  military to civilian life. That is why we in Congress are working to  serve those who served us by opening every opportunity for our veterans  to thrive and contribute not just to our communities, but to our  country.   Throughout the United States, there are many quality veteran and  service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses that sell office and  janitorial supplies or provide building maintenance services. Those  businesses and the government would mutually benefit if the businesses  seeking Federal contracts were given a fair chance to compete.   But as it stands now, veteran and service-disabled veteran-owned  small businesses are losing out on such opportunities because of an  unintentional loophole when the VA contracts with the General Services  Administration, the GSA, for office and janitorial services, equipment,  and supplies.    Now, that loophole opened up last year when the VA implemented the  Kingdomware Supreme Court ruling. Normally, when it comes to its  contracts, the VA ensures that veteran-owned small businesses are  considered in the bidding process. But the Kingdomware ruling required  that the VA set aside contracts for veteran-owned small businesses when  there are two or more companies that are interested, capable, and can  perform at a fair and reasonable price. So when the VA contracts with  the GSA for janitorial or office supplies, the GSA is not giving  veteran-owned businesses the proper consideration for those types of  contracts; thus, the requirement to consider veteran-owned businesses  is not being implemented.   Fortunately, this bill, our bill, Democrats' and Republicans' bill,  would close that loophole. It would require the VA Secretary to work  with the GSA to increase the number of service-disabled veteran and  veteran-owned small businesses represented in that contracting process.   The bill would eliminate that barrier that limited our veterans and  their businesses from contracting with the government. It is a solution  that is fair to veteran entrepreneurs. It is a bill that has strong  bipartisan support. It is a bill that moved through the House Veterans'  Affairs Committee with unanimous consent, and it is a bill that all of  us are proud of, Democrats and Republicans, and that is why I am proud  to sponsor this bill. I am proud to present it to you with the  gentleman from Florida because it will do  [[Page H6178]]  what is smart for our country's veterans, and that is why I encourage  my colleagues to support this bill.   