 Mr. President, I support the Omnibus appropriations  bill before us today. While this bill is not perfect, it is a strong  statement of priorities, especially in light of the misguided and  dangerous cuts that President Trump proposed for fiscal year 2018.   As a new member of the Appropriations Committee, I thank the chairman  and vice chairman and their staffs for their thoughtful work on this  bill and their careful consideration of Senators' requests and  priorities.   This bill contains many critical investments for my home State of  Maryland, including maintenance for the Port of Baltimore, millions for  the Chesapeake Bay Program and other programs that support Bay clean- up, a $6 million increase for the Appalachian Regional Commission, $125  million for the Purple Line, and full funding for the Washington  Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. The bill also contains a critical  down payment for the consolidation of the FBI headquarters and a  commitment to full funding in fiscal year 2018. Prince George's County,  MD, is home to two of the sites in contention to house the headquarters  and the FBI's nearly 11,000 employees.   While President Trump as proposed cuts to medical research at the  National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, MD, this omnibus bill  increases funding by $2 billion to find new cures and treatments. The  bill continues critical NASA missions that are being worked on in  Maryland, including the PACE Program, earth science, and the James Webb  Space Telescope, the successor to the Hubble Space Telescope. While the  bill cuts the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, it does  so less than what the Trump administration has proposed, and it  continues funding for the Joint Polar Satellite System weather  satellite program and the Geostationary Operational Environmental  Satellite Program, which will help improve weather forecasting and warn  about natural disasters. There is also important funding for oceanic  and atmospheric research and the Sea Grant program, which has been a  partner in Chesapeake Bay restoration. The bill slightly increases  National Science Foundation funding and supports critical energy  research at the Department of Energy. While funding for the National  Institute of Standards and Technology received a small cut, the final  funding level is higher than what the House of Representatives  initially proposed, and the bill includes support for the National  Network for Manufacturing Innovation.   We were also able to preserve funding in this bill that communities  across Maryland use to support economic development, affordable  housing, and safety. That includes the Community Development Block  Grant, TIGER transportation grants, housing vouchers and housing  capital funds, the HOME Partnership Program, Community Oriented  Policing grants, and SAFER and FIRE grants for firefighters. I am  pleased that this bill includes investments to improve relationships  between communities and police, which will be helpful as Baltimore  works to implement its consent decree. We also included critical  funding for afterschool programs and community schools, preserved  funding for workforce training and Pell grants, and will finally allow  students to access Pell year-round so that they can finish school more  quickly.   As with any compromise, this bill is not perfect. As this is the  first appropriations bill since the passage of the Every Student  Succeeds Act, I would have liked it to include greater investments in  funding for title I, special education, teacher professional  development, and student support and academic enrichment grants. The  bill also continues a few riders that interfere in the District of  Columbia's ability to use its funds as it sees fit.   Finally, the bill is notable for the things that it does not include.  Congress has rejected draconian cuts to the Environmental Protection  Agency and the State Department. There is important funding for border  security, but not for a wasteful and ineffective border wall. In  addition, Democrats successfully blocked many poison-pill riders from  the bill that would have harmed our environment, banned funding for  Planned Parenthood and other women's health programs, and rolled back  important consumer protections. With the passage of the omnibus bill,  we will avoid a dangerous government shutdown. I urge my colleagues to  support the bill.   