 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1644, the  Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act.   This bill was introduced by the chair and ranking member of the full  committee, Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel; by the chair and ranking member of  the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, Mr. Yoho; and myself. It is a  clear example of the way bipartisanship should be here in the House of  Representatives.   North Korea continues to act as a state sponsor of terrorism, test  ballistic missiles, conduct cyber warfare, build nuclear weapons, and  threaten the United States and our allies.   We need a strategy to confront North Korea. An essential part of that  strategy is to confront North Korea with economic and political  pressure. A key to that would be to get China fully on board and to be  willing to threaten China with tariffs if China continued to serve as  the lifeline for the North Korean criminal regime. In addition to  working with China, we need to start modernizing our own sanctions  regime to impose a greater cost on Kim Jong-un.   This bill expands the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement  Act passed by this Congress in 2016 to provide expanded and mandatory  and discretionary sanctions on the North Korean Government,  particularly involving gold and other precious minerals, jet fuel,  coal, iron ore, and textiles.   The bill requires U.S. financial institutions to ensure that no  correspondent accounts are being used by foreign financial institutions  to provide financial services to North Korea. It does a host of other  necessary things, including requiring the State Department to submit to  Congress a report detailing their decision on whether to put North  Korea back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list, and that we get  that report within 90 days.   It seems clear to me that North Korea should be listed as a state  sponsor of terror. We took them off the list not because they stopped  engaging in international terror, but as a quid pro quo for suspending  their own nuclear program, which they didn't suspend.   So why are they still off the list?   There is no doubt that North Korea has engaged in multiple acts of  international terrorism, including the murder of the half brother of  Kim Jong-un; the cyber attack against Sony Pictures; and although the  initial action was taken decades ago, they seized Japanese civilians in  order to learn Japanese manners in order to instruct their spies. They  continue to hold those Japanese civilians today in a continuing act of  terrorism.   Finally, the bill, requires a report from the President of  cooperation between North Korea and Iran. We would suspect that North  Korea, after it builds a certain cache of nuclear weapons, would be  willing to sell to Iran not for millions but for billions of dollars  fully assembled nuclear weapons or the fissile material to create  those. This is an important thing Congress needs to address.   