 Mr. President, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   I want to say some words about our Budget resolution, which I hope we  will be passing this week, and how important it is that we do, in fact,  pass this. I want to clarify a few issues because the tax reform  legislation continues to be a work in progress, and many elements have  been mischaracterized, while others have been made up out of the clear  blue sky.   Let me start with the budget resolution and start by thanking  Chairman Enzi for the very hard work he has done and the very great  work he has  [[Page S6495]]  done in bringing together the Republican conference around a budget  resolution that I think is very likely to pass.   Let's be candid about what this is about. The budget resolution is  about giving us the tools to pass tax reform later this year. That is  what this budget resolution is about. It is a misnomer, really, when  you think about it. The most important substantive item in the budget  resolution, by far, is the procedural tools it will give us to pass tax  reform with a simple majority vote in the Senate, so that a minority of  the body is not able to block tax reform by filibuster. That is what  this is about. That is what we are endeavoring to accomplish here.   Why is it important? The main reason it is so important is because  for so long we--our entire country--have been laboring with such feeble  economic growth. For the last 60 years, prior to the Obama  administration, annual economic growth in America was 3.4 percent.  During the entire 8-year administration of President Obama, we never  once had a single year where we reached even 3 percent. The  Congressional Budget Office believes that we are now locked into the  indefinite future of sub-2 percent economic growth, and that is what we  just have to accept. We have to settle for the fact that we are no  longer a booming economy. We are not capable of being a booming  economy.   There are a lot of problems with this. I think it is completely  unacceptable to believe that, somehow, because a calendar year turned  on a page or because Obama was elected President some years ago, it is  not possible for America to have the robust economic growth that used  to be ordinary. It is not true that we are somehow consigned to feeble  growth, and it matters if our economy is growing at 2 percent. It takes  36 years to double the standard of living for the average family. If we  just managed to get the growth to 3 percent, and that is less than the  historical average, then we can double our standard of living in just  over 20 years. It is a big difference in the standard of living of the  people who I represent. That is what this is about.   If we get this budget resolution passed this week, the tax reform  that many of us are working very hard on has two big goals, certainly  for me. I have had many discussions with my colleagues on the Finance  Committee and outside the Finance Committee, and I think these goals  are widely shared.   The first is that it absolutely has to provide tax relief for hard- working Americans--middle income, lower income, people of modest means,  many of whom live paycheck to paycheck. There has to be a direct tax  benefit for those Pennsylvanians, those Arkansans, and those people all  across America.   How are we going to do that? It is very clear. There is no question.  There will be a reduction in the tax rates that are applied to income  for hard-working Americans. There is going to be an increase in the  standard deduction that they can take, which means a bigger chunk of  their income that doesn't get taxed at all. That is absolutely going to  be a feature of this tax reform. We are going to increase the child tax  credit, so that people who have the cost of raising a family with kids  are going to get a credit toward that cost.   The combined effect of these things are absolutely going to lower the  tax rates for hard-working Americans, for lower income and middle- income families. If it didn't accomplish that, it wouldn't even get out  of the Finance Committee, much less pass a vote on this floor. That is  No. 1. There are still dials to be turned and rates to be set--exactly  where the various brackets begin and end. These details are still a  work in progress, but that goal is going to be achieved. That is item  No. 1.   But the other item is really important too, and that is the process  by which all of these very same families get an indirect pay raise.  They get a pay raise. It will happen over time, and it will happen in  different ways. That happens by creating incentives to maximize  economic growth and to get away from this sub-2 percent, barely growing  economy we have been tolerating and to get back to something closer to  what is normal for America--an economy that is growing at least 3  percent.   What happens if we have stronger economic growth? I mentioned before  that we increase the standard of living much more quickly. People get  to see their kids have a better life and a better standard of living  than they had. They can see that trend is going to continue. It happens  because new businesses start to get launched again. It happens because  existing businesses expand. Both new businesses and expanding  businesses hire more workers. When you hire more workers, especially at  a time when most economists think we are at something close to what  they consider full employment, it puts direct, immediate, and upward  pressure on wages, which is what we have been waiting for.   So not only will a working family discover they owe less money to  Uncle Sam, but they are very likely to quickly be in a position where  they are getting a pay raise because their employer has to pay them  more to keep them because we are going to create more demand for  workers. How do we do that? One of the ways we are going to do that, I  hope--and this is, again, a work in progress; it is underway--is that  we ought to make our business tax regime, our big business Tax Code  competitive. Anyone who looks at this honestly knows that our Tax Code  is not competitive today. American workers and businesses lose out to  competition from overseas because other countries have much more  competitive tax codes. It is entirely possible, and I think you could  make the case, that the American Tax Code is the worst in the world. It  is that bad, and when it is that bad, that means our workers and our  businesses are much less able to compete. So we are going to try to fix  that. That means lowering the rate on income tax for our businesses to  something that is comparable to what the rest of the world pays, rather  than the extremely high outlier rate that we have today.   It also means that we ought to allow our businesses to expense  capital when they put it to work. What does that mean? That means that  when a company says we are going to buy a new piece of equipment, a new  piece of machinery, a new vehicle, or a new backhoe--whatever it might  be--you allow the company to recognize that expense when the expense  occurs for tax purposes. That might just seems like common sense. Why  wouldn't you do that? We don't do that today. For a large category of  new equipment that businesses go out and purchase, even though they  have to buy it in the year in which they put it into service and they  have to come up with the cash, they don't get to reduce their income  accordingly, except over many years. What that means is that it makes  it effectively more expensive to buy that equipment. They have to pay  tax on money they don't have. That means they buy less equipment.    What difference does this make? It makes a lot of difference. Again,  there is a direct effect and an indirect effect. A direct effect is  that by allowing businesses to fully expense the capital they put to  work, we are going to encourage them to buy more items. That means more  work, more production for the kind of machinery and equipment that  these businesses are likely to buy. But it gets better than that  because when businesses deploy that capital--when they buy a new piece  of equipment, a new piece of machinery, when they upgrade their  software, or whatever they are doing with this capital expenditure-- they are making their workforce more productive. They are making their  employees able to produce more in a given hour in a given day, and when  workers are more productive, that is when a business can afford to pay  them more, and in fact, has to pay them more. That is where pay raises  come from. They come from productivity growth. Productivity growth  comes when capital gets put to work. We are going to encourage more of  that, and that is going to result in higher wages and higher income for  the people we all represent.   The third point I want to make about this tax reform is that it is  very important that we fix a broken part of our code that deals with  overseas subsidiaries of American firms and foreign firms that operate  in the United States. That part of our Tax Code is a disaster. We have  all read about the corporate inversions, for instance,  [[Page S6496]]  where an American-based company seeks to be acquired by a foreign  company for the sole purpose of lowering its tax burden. That happens.  It happens because our Tax Code drives it.   We have all heard about the $2 to $3 trillion of profits that  American companies have earned in overseas subsidiaries. They will not  bring the money home because if they were to do so, they would have to  pay another huge tax on top of what they already paid in the  jurisdiction of whatever country their subsidiary operates in. Why  would we tolerate a system like that? We have an opportunity to fix  that. If we fix that, then huge sums of money will come flooding back  into the United States. That is going to get invested here. That is  going to mean more businesses, new expansion, and more hiring. That is  going to be tremendously constructive for our economy, and, going  forward, we will eliminate this perverse incentive to have  multinational companies headquartered anywhere but in the United  States, which is the case today.   In short, this is our opportunity to begin to achieve the growth we  have been waiting for. Ever since the great recession, we have not had  the kind of economic growth that used to be normal for America. A  completely archaic, terribly unfair, ridiculously complicated Tax Code  is part of the reason why.   You might ask: How did we used to have such strong growth with this  Tax Code? The fact is that most of the rest of the world has been about  the business of improving their tax code while we have not. This is our  moment and our opportunity to begin to catch up. We can do it in a big  way, as long as we pass this budget and give ourselves the tools to do  so.   This budget resolution creates the opportunity to do tax reform. Some  of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have criticized the  fact that we are setting up a process and using the budget resolution  so that the subsequent tax reform can be passed with a simple majority  vote in the Senate. They have criticized that. They suggested, in  varying degrees, that somehow that leaves them out of the process. Let  me be very clear. That is categorically untrue. As to the tax reform  bill, we are working on the ideas for this now, and when we actually  get to drafting the specifics, it is going to happen in the Finance  Committee in the Senate. It is going to happen in the Ways and Means  Committee in the House. It is going to be public. The documents are  going to be disclosed before the markups begin, and it is going to be  open to amendments.   My Democratic colleagues on the Finance Committee are going to be  able to offer whatever amendments they like. They can work with us on  shaping this, and I hope they will join us in voting for it. It is much  better if we could end up passing this with a big bipartisan vote. A  tax bill that absolutely does lower the direct tax burden on lower  income and middle-income families and encourages more economic growth  ought to be something that could be broadly supported. They will have  every opportunity to weigh in. They will have every opportunity to  amend it. There is nothing about this procedure that in any way  excludes Democratic participation.   What it does do, though, is that it says that we will not be held  hostage by a minority that wishes to thwart this. If we can persuade at  least 50 Senators and a Vice President who is so inclined in the Chair,  we will have the ability to pass tax reform. I think it would be  malpractice for us not to create the opportunity to do tax reform with  a simple majority since we have that vehicle available to us. I believe  we are going to pass it today.   Another point I would like to address is the discussion that somehow  we are going to blow a hole in the deficit with this. It couldn't be  further from the truth, in my view. The budget resolution allows the  Finance Committee to report back a tax reform package that will, by a  very particular and very precisely defined process, be deemed to forego  $1.5 trillion in Federal revenue over the next 10 years. But when you  start to unpack that, you realize that, in all likelihood, if we do  this tax reform right, we are going to reduce the size of the deficit  over this 10-year period. We are not going to increase it.   Why do I say that? First of all, the $1.5 trillion in foregone  revenue contemplated by the budget resolution is very misleading  because it pretends that the current policy we have of a number of  temporary tax relief measures is going to go away. It pretends we are  not going to continue those or extend them. In all likelihood, Congress  routinely extends them. They will probably be extended. That is worth  about $500 billion of that $1.5 trillion. What we are really talking  about is $1 trillion of less revenue over the next 10 years. You have  to keep in mind, that is on a base of about $43 trillion. It is  something on the order of recalling 2.5 percent of projected Federal  revenue.    I think the question to ask is, How much extra economic growth will  it take to fully offset $1 trillion worth of forgone revenue? Well,  that math is pretty easy because the joint tax plan and the  Congressional Budget Office have quantified this many times. The answer  is something like approximately four-tenths of 1 percent. Four-tenths  of 1 percent of extra economic growth, in response to the tremendously  pro-growth incentives that we want to put into this Tax Code, will  fully offset that.   The Congressional Budget Office is projecting, on average, for the  next 10 years, our economy is going to continue at this feeble 1.9  percent--1.9 percent is their number. If getting these reforms right,  if lowering the tax burden on working families, if allowing business to  expand, making our international and business Tax Codes competitive, if  we do that right, I have absolutely no doubt we can generate much more  than an additional four-tenths of 1 percent of growth.   When we get the specifics, we will have an opportunity and we will  have many analyses that we will be able to look at to address this  question of just how much economic growth we will have. In my view, it  is extremely likely that we will significantly surpass this very modest  hurdle of four-tenths of 1 percent of growth.   Finally, the minority leader made reference to this being a big tax  cut for the wealthy. I will remind my colleagues, we can have  differences of opinions. We can have a debate here, and we will, but  let's remember, this tax reform bill is not written yet.   The two big goals I mentioned I think are universally shared on our  side of the aisle, tax relief for middle-income working families and  pro-growth policies. We haven't written the details yet. We haven't  established exactly what the brackets will be, exactly what the rates  will be, where they will kick in, how the passthrough rates apply.  There are a lot of important details that are going to be worked out in  committee, which is exactly what my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle insisted we should be doing, and that is what we should be doing.  It also means, since that product is not yet finished, it is not  possible for anyone to pull out a number and say X percent of this bill  is going to go to this category of people. That is not knowable because  the bill is not finished yet.   I am thrilled about this opportunity that we are going to create this  week to pass the tax reform later this year that will allow us to  achieve the growth we have been waiting for, and that means allowing my  constituents, Pennsylvanians, and people all across America to achieve  the standard of living they deserve, that they are working hard to  achieve, and that they will be able to enjoy.   I yield the floor.   