 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I rise today, as I have every year that I  have been in the Senate, which is quite a long time now--the last 10  years, going into 11--to give some remarks in commemoration of Black  History Month. The way I have done that, and the way our office has  done it, is to recognize a special figure in my home State of  Pennsylvania, an individual who we are very proud of. Today we honor  Dr. Constance E. Clayton, a trailblazing figure whose career in  education positively impacted the lives of countless children in  Philadelphia, and whose work continues to pay dividends in the city  public schools to this day. Throughout her long career as a teacher and  administrator in the Philadelphia School District, Dr. Clayton never  lost sight of her mission. In her words: ``The children come first.''   A product of Philadelphia public schools, Dr. Clayton became the  first African American and the first woman to serve as superintendent  of the Philadelphia School District. This Black History Month, we  celebrate Dr. Clayton's place in that history, but as we do, we should  also ask ourselves if we are living up to her legacy and if we are  putting the children first--all children everywhere first.   I will be seeing Dr. Clayton today and so many of her friends. The  rules don't allow me to acknowledge anyone else in the Chamber. So I  will do that later. But I do want her to know how much we appreciate  her giving us this much time to pay tribute to her and to her work.   Connie Clayton's story is a great American story. Born to a plumber  and social worker, she was raised by her mother and grandmother after  her parents divorced when she was just 2 years old. She attended Paul  Lawrence Dunbar Elementary School in Philadelphia.   Her mind, like that of so many children, was awakened by a special  teacher. In her case, it was her fourth grade teacher at Dunbar, whose  name she still readily recalls--Ms. Alice Spotwood. She remembers that  Ms. Spotwood was kind, and she made learning fun. She also remembers  that Ms. Spotwood seemed interested in her individually, even as she  was interested in every other child in that classroom. Ms. Spotwood  made Connie feel special.   Connie Clayton went on to attend Jay Cook Junior High School and  Philadelphia High School for Girls, where she excelled academically.  She thought she wanted to be a doctor, even taking 4 years of Latin at  Girls High School on the theory that she would need to decipher dated  medical jargon. Her enthusiasm waned when she realized that calling a  body a corpus didn't make studying its contents any more appealing. She  chose, instead, to focus on the mind, earning her bachelor's degree and  her master of education degree from Temple University, before going on  to her doctorate of education in educational leadership from the  University of Pennsylvania, where she was a Rockefeller scholar.   Dr. Constance E. Clayton recognized that education--her education-- was what empowered her to succeed. It started at Dunbar, where teachers  like Ms. Spotwood first taught her to raise her sights and to reach out  and to believe. So it is no coincidence that her first step in her  professional life was to go back to Dunbar and return the favor. She  took a role as a student teacher alongside many of the same people who  taught her before she could imagine that the letters ``Ph.D'' would  [[Page S1429]]  follow her name or that the title ``Superintendent'' would someday  precede it.   In 1955, Dr. Clayton got her first full-time teaching job at  Philadelphia's Harrison Elementary School, where she taught fifth grade  social studies. Grounded in that personal mission that children come  first, Dr. Clayton's years as a teacher revealed a unique gift for  understanding children, their specific challenges and their particular  needs. This is no doubt why, in the years that followed, she earned a  role in developing the social studies curriculum for the entire  district and led an effort to develop and train teachers to implement a  Black history curriculum throughout the school district.   Dr. Clayton recalls understanding that for students at a  predominantly Black school in Philadelphia, it is Black History Month  every day, every month, and they need to see their lived experience  reflected in the course material because they didn't see many white  picket fences where they were growing up. To paraphrase Carter Woodson,  often known as the father of Black history himself: Kids need to learn,  not just about Black history but about Black people in American  history. Dr. Clayton recalls the reward of watching kids excited to  learn that they, too, could be a painter, an author, an astronaut or  whatever they wanted, and of watching the limits of those children's  imaginations dissolve before their eyes.    Dr. Clayton didn't limit her own imagination either. In 1972, she was  named executive director and associate superintendent of early  childhood education programs for the Philadelphia School District.   Early childhood education is an issue dear to my own heart, as the  sponsor of legislation here in the Senate to ensure universal early  education nationwide. We know that the stakes for this issue are high.  Early learning increases future income. It reduces the chance of arrest  or incarceration, and it also reduces reliance on social services.  Under Dr. Clayton's leadership, the Philadelphia School District  expanded and enhanced its early education program into a national  model.   Connie Clayton's passion for helping children and her competence did  not go unnoticed. In 1982, she was chosen as superintendent of the  Philadelphia School District, the first African American and the first  woman to hold that role. She knew the expectation would be high, but  her mother always told her: ``Delete the word `can't' from your  vocabulary.'' So Connie hit the ground running hard, declaring in the  press conference where she accepted the job that motto that would come  to define her tenure: ``The children come first.''   I have often said that there is a light inside of every child, and it  is the obligation of adults, especially elected officials, to make sure  that this light shines brightly to the full measure of its potential.  We know that from day one as superintendent, Dr. Connie Clayton knew  her job was to nurture this light. But as a product of segregated  education herself, she understood that our system doesn't always allow  every light to shine equally bright.   High minority schools often receive less funding, often have less  experienced teachers, and often offer fewer high-level math and science  courses. We know still today that this is true. Black K-12 students are  almost four times as likely as White students to receive an out-of- school suspension and almost twice as likely to be expelled. Black  students represent 16 percent of the public school population today but  42 percent of the population of justice facility education programs.   Connie Clayton refused to simply curse the darkness of these numbers.  She worked to change them. She knew that an enlightened mind can  empower students to overcome the traps laid by cynicism, indifference,  and underfunding--to slip the bounds of low expectation, beat the odds,  and then turn around and work to change them. A good education can take  that light inside and make it flare.   She might have asked, and we still are asking: What, then, is a good  education? Can some combination of facts and numbers alone contain this  transformative power of education?   Well, W.E.B. Du Bois said: ``Education must not simply teach work--it  must teach life.'' Dr. Clayton understood this in all of its  implications, both clear and subtle. She knew it was clear that a good  education starts with an open school.   In the 5 years preceding Dr. Clayton's term as superintendent, there  were five teacher strikes in Philadelphia that cost students 1,000 days  in the classroom. But during her 11 years in office, there wasn't a  single strike. She knew it was clear that a good education requires  funding. When she came in, the Philadelphia School District was facing  a crushing $90 million deficit. When she left, it was running a  surplus, and she had created financial partnerships with area  businesses, all without closing a single school.   Dr. Clayton knew it was clear that a good education comes from a good  curriculum. When she came in, she noticed the school district had  stopped teaching algebra. When she left as superintendent, she fostered  a partnership with local university professors to teach the subject of  algebra to a voluntary class that grew from 9 kids the first year to  over 1,900.   She implemented a free breakfast program because she knew that  students from certain parts of the district might not be able to get  food in the morning. We know, as she knew well, that hungry kids cannot  learn.   She reinstated summer school because she knew that a few credits here  or there can mean the difference between a diploma and a dropout, and  in that difference lay the blueprints to divergent lives.   She treated her schools like second homes for children because she  remembered, from all of her years of teaching, how the vast majority of  parents wanted more for their kids than they were able to provide and  that they just needed some help in filling the gaps.   She took just 1 week of vacation in 11 years as superintendent--that  has to be some kind of national record--and just 1 day of vacation in  her many years of teaching before that, because she felt not just a  passion for her work but an urgency to see its results.   Dr. Clayton had a sense of urgency about educating these children, in  the same way it was urgent for the followers of Sojourner Truth in the  19th century. It was urgent for the students in the Student Nonviolent  Coordinating Committee, known as SNCC, in the 20th century. They had  that urgency. It has been urgent for all the ordinary lives before,  between, and since. It was urgent for little Hannah A. Lions, a girl  studying in Philadelphia in the 1830s whose family saved her school  copybook as ``proof that there were some educated [Black] people back  when'' and donated this copybook to the recently opened National Museum  of African American History and Culture here in Washington, where it  sits on display.   It was as urgent, of course, for Dr. Constance Clayton, when she  attended segregated schools in the same city some 100 years after  Hannah. That is because a good education is not just some combination  of numbers and facts. It is enlightenment for a mind constrained,  freedom for a soul repressed, and a passport to a future that  transcends artificial limitations and unleashes potential.   Dr. Clayton worked feverishly to put one of those passports in the  pockets of each student who passed through the Philadelphia schools  under her watch. Her passion and her vision earned her a reputation as  a reformer whom the New York Times wrote led an ``educational  renaissance'' in Philadelphia.   She would do whatever it took to make schools better for her  students. She pushed the district to meet the goals of the America 2000  Program, an ambitious plan to significantly increase the achievements  of urban school districts across the country. She instituted the  Homeless Student Initiative, a successful program to provide continuity  in education and a level of consistent support to the hundreds, perhaps  thousands, of homeless children in the district enduring the daily  hardships of life in shelters. Connie worked to desegregate schools and  made sure the district was providing employment opportunities to  minority candidates.   Several years into her administration, the executive director of the  Council of Great City Schools remarked of Dr. Clayton's tenure as  superintendant: ``Looking at an array  [[Page S1430]]  of programs carried out in Philadelphia, you will see almost every  innovative reform that has been proposed in urban schools.'' So it is  no surprise that Dr. Clayton received all manner of awards and honors.  Let me mention a few: the Dr. Constance E. Clayton Chair in Urban  Education at the Graduate School of Education at the University of  Pennsylvania, which was named in her honor--the first endowed  professorship in the United States to be named after an African- American woman. She received the Distinguished Daughters of  Pennsylvania Award and the Humanitarian Service Award from the  Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations, as well as the 2008 Star  Community Commitment in Education Award from the Philadelphia Education  Fund, just to name a few. She has received honorary doctorates from 17  colleges and universities, not to mention being a visiting professor at  Harvard Graduate School of Education. I could go on and on today.   She currently serves as trustee of the Philadelphia Museum of Art,  chairing the African and Afro-American Collections and Exhibits  Committee and is a life member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, where  she has served in multiple leadership roles.   Connie Clayton's life has been a life of service. We know that in our  State capitol--the building has the following inscription: ``All public  service is a trust given in faith and accepted in honor.'' Dr. Clayton  honored the trust of public service. She validated the faith that the  parents of all those students placed in her to carry out that trust,  and she always put schoolchildren first. So on behalf of those students  and their parents and everyone else her work touched in the course of  her long career, it is my distinct privilege to honor Dr. Constance E.  Clayton in celebration of Black History Month on the Senate floor  today. I want to convey our gratitude for her devotion to education  and, of course, to the children of Philadelphia.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   