 Madam President, last week I joined with the Secretary of  the Treasury, the Director of the National Economic Council, our Senate  majority leader, the Speaker of the House, and the chairman of the  House Ways and Means Committee in releasing a unified framework for tax  reform.   This is a big step in the ongoing effort to overhaul our Nation's  miserable Tax Code. I have been in the Senate awhile, and I can only  remember a few times when the White House and the House and Senate  leadership were in agreement on an issue as complicated as tax reform  so the current state of affairs is pretty remarkable. Still, as we made  clear in the framework document, this is only a step; it is not a final  product.   The House and the Senate tax-writing committees will be tasked with  putting together legislation that is aimed at meeting the goals and  principles that are outlined in the framework. Therefore, as the  chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, my top goal at the moment is  to produce a comprehensive tax reform bill that can get at least 14  votes in the committee because, without that, there likely will not be  any tax reform. Yet, before we can get to that point, we have to pass  the fiscal year 2018 budget resolution.   Make no mistake, the budget resolution is critical to our tax reform  efforts. If we are going to move a tax reform vehicle in the current  environment, we need a resolution in place with a workable  reconciliation instruction that will allow us to produce a bill of  sufficient size and scope to give middle-class taxpayers a pay raise,  grow our economy, and create more American jobs.   As we all know, the Budget Committee will begin marking up its  resolution later today, and it will include the type of instruction we  need in order to produce a bill that will fix our broken tax system,  boost economic growth, and give a pay raise to middle-class Americans.   I am grateful for the leadership of Chairman Enzi and all of our  colleagues on the Budget Committee for their work in crafting the  resolution, and I urge everyone who supports tax reform, whether he is  in Congress or elsewhere, to support the budget resolution.   Once again, that is the next big step in this process, and it is an  absolutely essential step. Once that is done, the Finance Committee  will be able to move forward on crafting and marking up a tax reform  bill.   Some have said tax reform is a do-or-die moment for the GOP. I  wholeheartedly believe that to be true, not just because we might lose  an election or that our poll numbers might go down, it is that  Republicans have promised, for some time now, that we will deliver  meaningful, comprehensive tax reform that will spur economic growth,  increase wages and well-paying jobs, and simplify our existing system.  We need to deliver on that promise and not just because we will suffer  politically if we do not. We need to deliver because the cost of doing  nothing--the cost of maintaining the status quo for the foreseeable  future--will be too much for the American people and our economy to  bear.   The last major overhaul of our Tax Code was 31 years ago, and in many  respects, our current tax system was built for the economy of 1986 and  is ill-suited for the needs of today. In the last 31 years, we have  seen a dramatic increase in international trade and expanded  globalization. We have seen the fall of the Soviet Union and the  collapse of most centrally run economies, and of course we have seen  the development and rapid expansion of the internet, which has, in many  respects, remade the entire world several times over.   America no longer has a competitive Tax Code. Instead, we have a  Byzantine system with exceptionally high rates and an array of  overlapping and often less-than-effective deductions, exclusions, and  credits. This is not just a parade of horribles trotted out  by Republicans, these problems have been acknowledged by a number of  prominent Democrats, like Presidents Clinton and Obama, not to mention  our current Senate minority leader and the ranking member of the  Finance Committee, Senator Wyden.    We all know the system is not working. Still, in many respects, we  have politics as usual around here when we talk about tax reform. While  both parties have supported reforms in the recent past, including a  number of reforms that are included in the framework, we are already  hearing the same, tired arguments that come up every time Republicans  want to talk about tax reform.   According to the opponents of reform, our ``plan'' will cut taxes on  the superrich. Our ``plan'' will raise taxes on the poor. Our ``plan''  will harm the middle class. Our ``plan'' is a giveaway to greedy  corporations. These are some pretty odd claims given that as of right  now, no completed ``plan'' exists. We have a framework, and we are not  calling it that simply for PR reasons. We have some basic principles  and targets that the leaders have agreed upon, but as the framework  makes clear, the Finance and Ways and Means Committees have been tasked  with filling in the details and writing legislation.   Here are just some of the details that are not included in the  framework:   Income thresholds for individual tax brackets. The framework includes  rate targets for three brackets, but the breakdown of those brackets is  still to be determined.   The size of the enhanced Child Tax Credit. The framework anticipates  an increase, but it does not specify an amount.  [[Page S6302]]    The existence and rate of the highest bracket. Our document leaves  room for the creation of a fourth bracket at the high end, but it does  not include any rate target.   Safeguards to prevent abuse of the separate passthrough rates.   These are just some of the key details that need to be filled in.   My point is, no one can make any definitive statements or make any  credible estimates about the fiscal impact of the plan until the  committees do more work. Still, that has not stopped people from  trying.   Last week, the left-leaning Tax Policy Center released an  unattributed ``analysis'' of the framework that appeared to confirm a  number of blanket claims that critics have made about our ``plan.'' As  we all know, left-leaning pundits, liberal media outlets, and many of  our friends on the other side seem to love the TPC, apparently because  the TPC is willing to provide estimates and analysis about tax plans  without waiting for all of the boring details.   We all remember well when the TPC wrote Mitt Romney's tax plan for  him and claimed that he wanted to raise taxes on the middle class to  finance a tax cut for the top 1 percent. Their analysis of the Romney  plan--a plan that was not yet in existence beyond a broad set of  principles--became the gospel for our friends on the other side, and  their estimates were repeated time and again; never mind the fact that  they did not have nearly enough evidence to support their assertions.   The TPC appears to be on the same track with regard to the unified  framework. I guess they think they can get away with it again. Maybe  they can. I don't know. The TPC's document from last week included a  relatively precise estimate of lost revenue that they claim would  result from the framework. It also estimated how much of the tax  benefit of the framework would go to the top 1 percent of earners,  again with a fair amount of precision. How they got to these results  is, certainly, to me, a mystery.   There is simply no way for the TPC or anyone to deliver these kinds  of specific estimates with the information that is provided in the  framework. To get their estimates, they filled in blanks with numbers  from other proposals, added a pile of exceptionally pessimistic and  biased economic assumptions, and came up with a tax plan that, for all  intents and purposes, is their own. Just because they say this analysis  was performed on the unified framework and was not just a plan they  made up themselves does not suddenly make their estimates credible.   Still, I expect to hear a lot about the TPC's ``analysis'' in the  coming weeks. Some will treat their estimates as fact, and I expect we  will see them cited in a few campaign commercials before too long.  Breaking from any notion of professional accountability, the TPC's  ``analysis'' was, according to the TPC's report, authored by the TPC's  staff. Evidently, no one in an organization that describes itself as  ``nonpartisan'' wanted to put their name on a document that would be  used in such a partisan manner, but let's be clear. We cannot separate  this kind of speculative ``analysis'' from the way it is being used by  our friends on the other side. It has become fodder for more of the  same partisan attacks.   In going forward, I hope the TPC and other think tanks will  acknowledge the still undefined features of the framework, including  the commitment to maintaining the current progressivity of the Tax  Code, which will require adjustments in order to achieve. I think  groups like the TPC can be helpful if they avoid the partisan  criticisms and focus on shedding light and providing accurate  assessments of various proposals. Everyone who has an interest in these  issues should wait and let the tax-writing committees do their work.   In the Finance Committee, we are going to write a committee bill. Any  Member who is sincerely interested in working with us will get a chance  to contribute, whether he is a Republican or Democrat. We are going to  have a markup during which the bill will be debated and amended in the  light of the day. Thereafter, I expect that we will have a fair and  open amendment process on the floor. Despite some odd claims to the  contrary, the Joint Committee on Taxation will score the bill.   At the end of the day, people will be free to disagree with the final  bill and to vote against it, but no one will be able to credibly claim  that the legislation was written behind closed doors or that the  American people did not get a chance to see what was in the bill and  read accurate accounts of its fiscal and economic impacts.   I want to work with anyone who is willing to come to the table in  good faith. I think the framework puts forward a number of general  proposals that both parties can support. There is fertile ground for  bipartisanship here if my Democratic colleagues are willing to set  aside some of the unreasonable preconditions that they have put on  their involvement in tax reform. The last time I checked, both  Republicans and Democrats supported tax relief for low- and middle- income families. The last time I checked, reducing our uncompetitive  corporate tax rate was a bipartisan objective. The last time I checked,  both Republican and Democratic voters were in need of higher wages,  more jobs, and a more competitive economy.   This is going to be a difficult process, whether it is bipartisan or  partisan. There is a long list of sacred cows in our Tax Code, each of  them with a constituency that will fight to keep them in place. We are  going to have to eliminate a number of tax deductions and credits if we  are going to be fiscally responsible, including a number of provisions  that are, under the current system, pretty popular in certain segments  of the country. The framework specifies two deductions that should stay  in place because they benefit many in the middle class and they are  designed to achieve important policy goals. Everything else is  currently on the table, including items that I have personally  championed in the past.    We have already seen stories about how Republicans are already  divided on the fate of the State and local tax deduction. Make no  mistake--that is a pretty popular deduction, particularly among  Democrats, but it has some Republican supporters as well. I would  remind my colleagues who are adamant about preserving the State and  local tax deduction that the benefits of that particular provision skew  heavily toward higher income earners, especially those living in high- tax cities and States. So if our main goal is to help the middle class,  I would hope that there won't be many Senators who will fall on their  swords in order to keep this particular deduction in place.   Still, nothing is set in stone, and most items are currently still up  for negotiation. The State and local tax deduction is, like virtually  every other tax provision, currently on the table, and we may very well  have to pare it back one way or the other. We need to see how the  numbers work out before we can speak definitively on this or any other  tax policy item.   Before I conclude, let me just say that this is a once-in-a- generation opportunity. There is currently more momentum in favor of  tax reform than at any other time in the past three decades. All of us  should be willing to take advantage of this opportunity. All of us  should be able to give in order to get a final bill done that will make  sense and will get us back on track. I am hopeful that we can have a  bipartisan effort here, but whether we do or don't, I intend to see  that we get tax reform done and that we get it done in the best  interest of our country, the best interest of our people, and above  all, the best interest of the middle class.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   