 Mr President, I support the nomination of Mr. Kevin Allen  Hassett to serve as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. His  nomination received wide bipartisan support, not only in the Banking  Committee, but also from other esteemed members of his profession.   Mr. Hassett was voted out of our committee on a voice vote with  widespread support. We received a letter in favor of his nomination  signed by a bipartisan group of 44 economists, including 14 former  Chairmen of the Council of Economic Advisers and two former Federal  Reserve Chairmen. At Mr. Hassett's confirmation hearing, he expertly  fielded questions on a wide range of economic issues and provided  insights on progrowth policies that would support all members of the  economy. In my office, we discussed at length his extensive experience  in economic and tax policy modeling.   Mr. Hassett brings a wealth of relevant experience in academia,  government, and policy. His counsel, insight, and expertise will be  invaluable as the administration addresses initiatives like tax reform,  which undoubtedly will have a large impact on the macro economy.   Thank you.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to support the nomination of  Dr. Kevin Hassett to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers.  Kevin is exceptionally qualified to be Chairman of the CEA, where he  will play an integral role in tax reform and shaping this  administration's progrowth economic policies.   I have known Kevin for quite some--beginning when he served as the  chief economic adviser to my Presidential campaign in 2000. The only  time I have doubted his intellect was when he agreed to return to  advise for my 2008 Presidential campaign.   He has an extensive economic career spanning multiple  administrations, including those of Presidents Clinton and George H.W.  Bush. Currently, Kevin works at the American Enterprise Institute, AEI,  as the State Farm James Q. Wilson Chair in American Politics and  Culture and director of Research for Domestic Policy. Before joining  AEI, Kevin served as a senior economist at the Federal Reserve and did  a stint at Columbia Business School teaching economics and finance.   To understand fully how smart he is, Kevin's former colleague told me  the story of how he printed out a 400-plus page technical paper at the  request of Kevin, only to realize he had printed out the original  German version rather than an English translation. Without batting an  eye, Kevin said ``no problem'' and went about reading the scholarly  report in German.   Kevin's nomination has received support from an ideologically diverse  group of notable economists, including past CEA Chairmen. Additionally,  the Senate Banking Committee approved his nomination by voice vote.   I am pleased to support Kevin's nomination today. I wish him, his  lovely wife, Kristie, and their sons, John and Jamie, all of the best  in this new chapter of their lives.   