 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to express my strong opposition  to H.J. Res. 43, a resolution of disapproval with respect to the title  X regulation--a resolution which effectively endorses discriminatory  practices toward family planning and safety net providers.   Title X is the Nation's only Federal grant program that is dedicated  solely to providing individuals with comprehensive family planning and  related  [[Page S2127]]  preventive health services. Last year, title X funding made it possible  for nearly 4,000 health centers to provide basic primary and preventive  healthcare services to over 4 million low-income women and their  families. I am talking about critical services, such as Pap tests,  cervical cancer screenings, contraception, breast exams, and HIV  testing.   In Maryland, there are 55 title X funded health centers that span the  State. These include federally qualified health centers, local health  departments, Planned Parenthood clinics, and school-based health  centers. In fiscal year 2015, Maryland received over $3.8 million in  title X funding and provided health services to over 64,000 patients.  These are low-income, underinsured, and uninsured individuals who would  otherwise lack access to such basic healthcare.   As many of my colleagues know, Planned Parenthood, a high-quality  health provider, has been under constant attack by the Republicans, who  want to eliminate the organization's Federal funding. Just last week,  the Republicans' Affordable Care Act repeal-and-replace bill threatened  to defund Planned Parenthood, which is a trusted healthcare provider,  by eliminating clinics' Medicaid reimbursements. This week, Republicans  want to roll back protections that were put in place for family  planning clinics and allow for discrimination against our Nation's  family planning providers.   What I find even more disappointing is that this is a major policy  shift for our Nation, and we are using a procedure known as the  Congressional Review Act to make that decision. Yet those who support  this are not even taking to the floor to defend it. This is outrageous  that one would use a procedure to repeal this type of funding and not  even be on the floor to defend those actions.   In December of 2016, the Obama administration finalized the  regulation before us today to protect family planning providers from  such discrimination. The regulation was intended to protect access to  care in States that have issued their own regulations and legislation  that block family planning providers from receiving title X funds. By  overriding this regulation, Republicans will empower States to pick and  choose who provides these services, but it will be based on arbitrary  criteria that will have nothing to do with the quality of services the  patients will receive. Republicans are actively condoning  discrimination against providers, which will, ultimately, deny women  and their families access to family planning and preventive health  services.   It is not just Democrats who are concerned. Multiple healthcare  providers have come out against this resolution because discrimination  against any healthcare provider is wrong. Let me name just a few of the  groups that oppose this action: the American Academy of Pediatrics, the  American Academy of Family Physicians, and the American Congress of  Obstetricians and Gynecologists. They are all alarmed because they know  low-income, underinsured, and uninsured patients will be unable to  access needed health services if it passes.   In Maryland, for example, 84 percent of the 64,000-plus patients  served with title X funds have incomes at or below 100 percent of the  Federal poverty line. That means that they earn $11,770 a year or  less--under $12,000 a year. How do you expect these families to be able  to get their healthcare needs met if this resolution of disapproval is  passed? Ninety-four percent of title X patients in Maryland earn less  than $29,425 a year. Overturning this regulation will hurt our most  vulnerable communities.   Let's be clear about this. This is not about abortion. There is no  Federal funding for abortion. This is about low-income men and women  not having access to pregnancy testing, contraceptive services, pelvic  exams, high blood pressure and diabetes screenings, STD and HIV/AIDS  screenings, infertility services, and health education. It is a war on  the poor, and it is a war on access to preventive healthcare.   The American people deserve better from their elected officials. I am  committed to fighting these reckless attempts to repeal a reasonable  regulation that has been promulgated to prevent discriminatory  practices that will harm thousands of low-income women and their  families in Maryland and across our Nation.   I urge my colleagues to reject this procedural resolution, which will  allow discrimination and deny adequate care to low-income families.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   