 Mr. Chair, this bill is a critical first step in  our effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act and deliver relief to the  millions of Americans who continue to be hurt by this failing law.   The Affordable Care Act has helped some, but it's also inflicted  tremendous harm to families and small businesses nationwide. And the  damage grows bigger each passing year.   Out of pocket cost are skyrocketing--often more than $10,000 a year.   Choices have disappeared.   And control over your personal health care decisions--whether it's  which doctors you can see or which health plan you can have--is gone.  It doesn't belong to the American people anymore. Instead, Washington  is now in control of people's personal healthcare decisions.   It doesn't have to be this way.   The American people sent a clear signal in November. They are sick of  this law because it hasn't improved their care, lowered their costs, or  kept its promises.   They want the Affordable Care Act repealed and replaced with a 21st  century system--one based on what patients and families want and need,  not what Washington thinks is best.   Today, with this legislation, we have an opportunity to send a clear  signal of our own:   Relief is on the way.   That's what I want to say to all of my constituents in Texas.   People like Bill in The Woodlands, who just had his health plan  canceled for the second year in a row.   People like Lauren in South Montgomery County whose premiums just  went up to $900 a month.   Families like the Thomas's in Montgomery, who say they have paid over  $24,000 this year for the poorest-quality care they have received in  their adult lives. The Thomas's say it'll be $30,000 before their  insurance contributes a dime.   To the people of my district--to Bill, to Lauren, to the Thomas  family--and to the millions of Americans across the country who are  suffering because of the Affordable Care Act:   Relief is on the way.   We are working to deliver health care solutions that truly lower  costs, increase choices, and put Americans back in control of their own  health care decisions.   That all starts today. It starts by passing this budget legislation  and taking the crucial first step to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   