 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Congresswoman Ros- Lehtinen's amendment No. 110 to the State and Foreign Operations  appropriations bill, and I appreciate the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Yoho) for taking leadership on this as well.   This amendment would prohibit funds from contributing to a number of  United Nations agencies that endlessly single out our ally, the State  of Israel, for poor treatment.   There are numerous issues with these agencies, but as for UNRWA, the  very size of the agency is an underlying problem. UNRWA was created to  address the short-term needs of refugees, but it has perpetuated the  problem.   As of July 1, 2014, UNRWA had 30,252 employees for 5\1/2\ million  registered persons in a number of Middle Eastern countries and  territories, compared to the U.N. High Commission for Refugees staff of  7,700 in 2013, which provides support for 42.9 million refugees in more  than 100 countries. The proportion is just way out of scale when you  compare those kinds of agencies. UNRWA is out of control.   Additionally, UNRWA's grounds have been used to store rockets. Israel  has been fired upon from UNRWA facilities, and UNRWA has employed  individuals affiliated with Hamas, a designated terrorist organization.  These are just a few examples of how U.N. agencies have mismanaged  funds. It is unacceptable that American taxpayer dollars contribute to  this problem.   I thank the Congressman and Congresswoman for offering this important  amendment, and I hope that my colleagues support it so that the United  Nations can get to helping individuals who need it the most.    Mr. Chairman, I also applaud the leadership of  Representative Gaetz on this important amendment No. 113 to the State,  Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations bill.   This commonsense amendment prohibits American taxpayer dollars from  supporting Palestinian elementary schools that are named for  Palestinian terrorists who have murdered innocent human beings. Many of  these terrorists have murdered children who are no different than the  very children in the schools named after them.   Dalal Mughrabi, as was mentioned earlier, a Palestinian terrorist,  blew herself up on a bus in 1978, killing 37 Israelis, including 13  children. Her name is plastered on countless elementary schools, summer  camps, and memorials around Palestinian Authority-controlled  territories in Israel.   I applaud Denmark, Norway, and other countries that have frozen funds  from U.N.-affiliated Palestinian organizations that name their  buildings after terrorists like Dalal Mughrabi.   The United States Congress should have undivided moral clarity on  this issue in this year's appropriations bill. We cannot use taxpayer  dollars to fund Palestinian incitement to murder innocents, and that is  why I introduced legislation to stop sending American aid to the  Palestinian Authority until they end their practice of financially  supporting terrorists and the families of terrorists. We must end U.S.  contributions to the PA's campaign of incitement wherever we find it.   I thank Mr. Gaetz for offering this important amendment, and I hope  it passes with unanimous support, as it should.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that  the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law,  specifically section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by  conducting a review of all threatened and endangered plants and  wildlife at least once every 5 years.   Time after time, the Federal Government refuses to follow the  original intent of the Endangered Species Act. The government  designates land as critical habitat despite not meeting the ESA  definition, and the government consistently refuses to remove plants  and animals from threatened or endangered status even when these  species are flourishing and are no longer in need of ESA protections.   But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when the  species should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How  does the government know if a species is recovering? The answer can be  found in the ESA and its requirement that the Federal Government review  all plants or species that are currently listed as endangered or  threatened every 5 years.   Under the act, the purpose of a 5-year review is to ensure that  threatened or endangered species have the appropriate level of  protection. The reviews assess each threatened and endangered species  to determine whether its status has changed since the time of its  listing or its last status review and whether its status should be  changed or maintained.   Because the act grants extensive protection to a species, including  harsh penalties for landowners and other citizens, it makes sense to  regularly verify if a plant or animal is being properly classified or  should be delisted. Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service has acknowledged that it has neglected its  responsibility to conduct the required reviews for hundreds of listed  species.   By enforcing the 5-year review--which is in the law--my amendment  will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best  available and most current scientific information in implementing its  responsibilities under that act, including incorporating new  information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation  efforts.   Now, I am sure you will hear the ranking member say that the problem  is that there is simply not enough money to comply with the law, but  the reality is that megasettlements and overzealous regulators have  caused the number of species listed under the endangered species list  to balloon to unmanageable levels. For the recovery of a threatened or  endangered species or plant to be successful, we must prioritize our  limited resources to where they are most critically needed.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service complies with the ESA and that we do not provide  money in this bill that would violate current law. This exact amendment  was added to the fiscal year '16 Interior Appropriations bill by voice  vote and was added to the fiscal year '17 bill by a bipartisan rollcall  vote.   Mr. Chairman, I ask Members to support this amendment for the third  time, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for that statement.   I will say to the gentlewoman from Minnesota that I would love to  work with her on this. I know that, in the Natural Resources Committee,  we are going to be looking at some of the different facets of the  Endangered Species Act, and I hope we can continue this dialogue.   This amendment seeks to make the agency comply with the law. That  provision is in there for a reason, so let's enforce what Congress, in  its wisdom, put into the law many years ago.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the Preble's meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with  a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4-to 6-inch-long tail, and large  hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives  primarily in streamside ecosystems along the foothills of southeastern  Wyoming south to Colorado Springs, in my district, along the eastern  ridge of the Front Range of Colorado.   To evade predators, the mouse can jump, like a miniature kangaroo, up  to 18 inches high. In 1998, it leaped onto the Endangered Species list,  a move that has hindered development from Colorado Springs, Colorado,  to Wyoming.   Among projects that have been affected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast  of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing  developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek.  Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have  incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of this  mouse.   Protecting the Preble's mouse has even been placed ahead of  protecting human life and property.   On September 11, 2013, Colorado experienced a major flood event that  damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and  public works projects. As a result of the Preble's mouse being listed  as an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as  Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent  out a notice that stated: ``Legally required review may cause some  delay in projects undertaken in the Preble's mouse habitat.'' It went  on to warn that ``local officials who proceed with projects without  adhering to environmental laws risk fine and could lose Federal funding  for their projects.''   While a waiver was essentially granted, the scientific evidence  simply does not justify these delays or the millions of dollars in  taxpayer money that go toward protecting a mouse that is actually part  of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American  continent.   Scientific studies have concluded that the Preble's mouse does not  warrant protection because it isn't a subspecies at all and is actually  related to the Bear Lodge jumping mouse. Even the scientist that  originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since recanted his  work and agrees that the Preble's mouse subspecies designation is no  longer defensible.   Moreover, the Preble's mouse has a low conservation parity score.  What that means is that hundreds of millions of dollars have already  been spent on protection efforts that could have and should have been  spent on other more sensitive species.   My amendment would correct this injustice that has been caused by the  inaccurate listing of the Preble's meadow jumping mouse. It would  refocus U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's efforts on species that have  been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that should be managed by the  Endangered Species Act.   This exact amendment was added to the fiscal year '16 Interior  Appropriations bill by voice vote and was added to the fiscal year '17  bill by a bipartisan rollcall vote. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment for a third time.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert) to weigh in on this issue.    Mr. Chairman, I will conclude by saying there is one  other sort of a temporary element in this whole episode. And that is  when you go from Colorado into Wyoming, the mouse is no longer  threatened or endangered. There is a political boundary line between  the two States.   In its wisdom, the Fish and Wildlife Service says that if you go  north far enough across the State line, it is no longer threatened or  endangered. There is an element of arbitrariness that I think also  calls into question why this was ever done in the first place.   Mr. Chairman, I would ask support for this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   