 I thank Congressman Lloyd Smucker for  yielding to me. I appreciate his dedicated leadership to the people of  Pennsylvania.   Students and businesses in South Carolina know firsthand the  importance of an educated workforce to promote jobs. They also know  that quality education doesn't have to come at the time and expense of  a traditional 4-year college degree to achieve fulfilling jobs.   While visiting these schools and businesses across the Second  District of South Carolina, I regularly learn how they have positively  benefited from career and technical education programs that create jobs  and lead to fulfilling lives.   With career and technical education, students can incorporate  practical skills and training into their educational experience; skills  that are valuable to the workforce to create jobs.   Businesses in South Carolina especially appreciate the opportunity to  work with the technical colleges to work to close the skills gap and  hire trained, experienced employees for highly technical jobs.   I have been grateful to have the opportunity to visit Midlands  Technical College, Aiken Technical College, and Orangeburg-Calhoun  Technical College, along with the extraordinary programs at their area  high schools.   I am grateful for the work of the Apprenticeship Carolina, readySC,  and the South Carolina Technical College System for their role in  connecting students with employers.   I also appreciate the countless businesses in South Carolina, like  Boeing, Michelin, MTU, Fluor, and others that support the career and  technical education programs and hire students from the programs or  facilitate apprenticeship programs for meaningful jobs. In fact, these  programs have been the basis for establishing the tire industry in  South Carolina where, in the district I represent, Michelin is the  largest single tire manufacturer in the world at that location.   Additionally, with Bridgestone, which is Japanese; Continental, which  is German; Michelin, which is French; Giti, which is GT, which is  Singapore; and soon a Chinese tire manufacturer, because of the  training programs we have, South Carolina now is the leading  manufacturer and exporter of tires of any State in the United States.   Additionally, with BMW, South Carolina is the leading exporter of  cars of any State in the United States. In fact, last year, $9.4  billion worth of BMWs were exported out of Charleston for worldwide  distribution.   While South Carolina has been highly successful in promoting career  and technical education programs, I hope all communities across the  country can experience the success that we have achieved creating jobs.   The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century  Act will reduce regulations and allow State and local leaders to create  career and technical education programs best for their communities.   As the House of Representatives will consider the bipartisan  Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act  soon, I urge all of my colleagues to support this job-creating  legislation for meaningful and productive families.    