 Mr. President, I join my colleague from the State of  Virginia, Senator Warner, in offering an amendment that will prevent  tax reform from ballooning our deficits.   The Republican budget, which we are currently considering, includes a  troubling provision that would exempt a $1.5 trillion tax reform bill  from the important requirement that legislation that adds costs to the  U.S. Government must be paid for rather than merely added to our  deficit. This rule, well known to our colleagues, is one by which I am  troubled to see a number of my longtime friends choose to ignore this  time around--a rule long known in the Senate as the pay-as-you-go rule,  or pay-go. It is an important rule that forces Congress to be  responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars. It forces Congress to find  ways to actually pay for new programs or find offsets for reductions in  revenue rather than to add to our national debt. It is the right  policy, and it has been in place for years. So it is, frankly, jarring  that this budget document would include a provision that explicitly  exempts a $1.5 trillion tax reform bill from the pay-go rule.   Look, I agree that we need to work together toward a bipartisan tax  reform bill, one that reduces taxes on the middle class and simplifies  our overly complicated Tax Code, but we cannot simply pass a budget  that allows Congress to put $1.5 trillion more on the government's  credit card, on our credit card.   I thank Senator Warner for his long leadership on the need for  fiscally responsible governing. Senator Warner is a former Governor and  a successful business leader, and he understands the importance of  sound fiscal management and the danger that our national debt poses to  our long-term economic prosperity. I am proud to work with him and to  remind our colleagues of the Senate's longstanding support of pay-go. I  encourage all Members, especially my Republican colleagues, to support  this amendment.   Now, with the forbearance of my colleague, I will speak to one other  amendment for a moment.   There is an amendment that I have introduced that I know may well not  get a vote but that I wanted to speak to. It would ensure that, as we  consider tax reform, we do not forget those who are the most in need of  our assistance right now and in the future.   The United States was hit very hard by three hurricanes and many  wildfires this year. In particular, Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory of  3.4 million people, was devastated by Hurricane Maria, which was wider  than the entire island. It caused massive damage and is now resulting  in a humanitarian crisis. Puerto Rico's 3.4 million people is several  times more than live in my State of Delaware. It is about the size of  Connecticut.   Once we get past this initial crisis and restore power, provide clean  drinking water, get hospitals functioning, and ensure people have  housing, then Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the areas of  Houston, TX, and Miami, FL, as well as areas affected by wildfires in  all of these other parts of our country will have significant  rebuilding needs.   We have representatives of the Governor of Puerto Rico and the  Governor himself here on the Hill this week to clarify just how much  more will be needed for the Marshall Plan-style investment to rebuild  Puerto Rico. I am going to be advocating that we provide further  support for folks from the Corporation for National and Community  Service, AmeriCorps volunteers, and NCCC volunteers. Thousands of them  have served in response to these emergencies. We are going to need  investments in CDBGs for parks and for infrastructure.   Before I hand it over to my colleague from Virginia, I want to  reference a second amendment that would prevent us from moving forward  with tax reform until we first provide for the needs of Americans who  have been affected by these disasters and emergencies. I wish we would  take that up.   Let me close by thanking my colleague from Virginia for his long  leadership on the issue of responsible fiscal management for our  country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   