 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their good work on  this legislation.   As we increasingly rely on technology in nearly every area of our  lives, one of Congress' most important responsibilities is to strike  the right balance between protecting consumers' privacy while also  allowing for private sector innovation and the new jobs and economic  growth that accompany it.   The resolution before us today reverses overreaching, shortsighted,  and misguided rules adopted by unelected bureaucrats at the Federal  Communications Commission. These rules do little to enhance privacy,  but clearly add a new layer of Federal red tape on innovators and job  creators. This is exactly the type of government overreach that the  Congressional Review Act was meant to stop.   The Federal Communications Commission, frankly, overstepped its  bounds on many issues during the Obama administration, including  privacy regulations. After stripping the Federal Trade Commission of  its authority over the privacy practices of internet service providers,  ISPs, the FCC adopted shortsighted rules that only apply to one part of  the internet. Despite the FTC's proven case-by-case approach to privacy  enforcement that, frankly, has protected consumers, while  simultaneously allowing ISPs to innovate, the FCC opted to abandon this  model in favor of an approach that assumes the Federal Government knows  best what consumers want.   Simply put, the rules that the FCC applied to ISPs are illogical. The  regulations would require companies to apply the same privacy  protections to consumer data, regardless of its importance or  sensitivity. It hardly makes sense to treat a local weather update and  personal financial information the same way.   In addition, the FCC's approach only protects consumer data as far as  the internet service provider is involved. An entirely separate set of  rules applies to providers of edge services. That means the giant  search corporations, one of which controls up to 65 percent of your  searches on the internet, don't live by the same set of privacy rules  as your small town ISP.   What America needs is one standard, across-the-internet ecosystem,  and the Federal Trade Commission is the best place for that standard.   The impact of these rigid regulations has the potential to stifle one  of the most innovative sectors of our Nation's economy, and it is  consumers who will suffer. These rules, which Congress will repeal,  only lead to higher costs, less competition, and fewer service  offerings. This approach is particularly burdensome for small  businesses, which do not have hallways full of lawyers to navigate  these tedious and unnecessary rules.   The benefits of the FCC's privacy regulations are questionable, but  the harms are certain, which is why I urge my colleagues to support  this resolution. And once these rules are reversed, the FCC can turn  back to working together with the FTC to ensure that our privacy  framework allows the internet  [[Page H2493]]  to flourish while truly protecting consumers.   