 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2061, the North Korean Human  Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017. I commend Chairman Emeritus Ros- Lehtinen for leading this reauthorization effort, and Chairman Royce  and my colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee for their support of  this legislation.   The horrific human rights abuses committed by Kim Jong-un are an  integral part of his power structure. Countering these unspeakable  crimes, however we can, is both a moral imperative and a sound  strategy.   As amended, H.R. 2061 includes my Distribution and Promotion of  Rights and Knowledge Act, which will improve U.S. efforts to broadcast  outside information into North Korea, weakening Kim Jong-un's regime by  eroding his stranglehold on information. It will provide light to the  North Koreans; not just light to read by, but shine light on those  innate basic beliefs of liberty and freedom.   Specifically, this language updates the means in which information  can be disseminated, helping to find new ways to end the Kim regime's  monopoly on information.   The two bills are natural partners and, together, they can  meaningfully advance human rights and free flow of information in North  Korea.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chairman for yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I also want to echo Chairman Royce's support  of H. Res. 311, and I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. Engel; my  colleagues, Mr. Castro and Mrs. Wagner, for bringing this resolution  up, recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Association of South East  Asian Nations and the 40th anniversary of U.S.-ASEAN ties.   As chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the  Pacific, the block of 10 ASEAN members, we had a meeting earlier in the  year. They said the primary reason ASEAN is successful is because of  U.S. involvement. I think that speaks highly of U.S. foreign policy.   The 10 members of ASEAN are some of the most dynamic nations in the  world, and Southeast Asia's economic and strategic importance grows  every day.   As the chairman noted, ASEAN is our fourth largest trading partner  and is the second fastest growing in Asia. With a combined population  of over 600 million people and an economy of $2.5 trillion, the  opportunity for U.S. industry is immense. As a security partner, ASEAN  also is invaluable, recognizing that for the 50 years the Association  of South East Asian Nations, ASEAN, has worked towards stability,  prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia.   The grouping is strategically located astride some of the world's  most critical sea lanes and shares the U.S. pursuit of regional  stability through rules, order, and peaceful dispute settlements.   This resolution rightly highlights enduring U.S. interests in  Southeast Asia and conveys our commitment to stay engaged.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank Representatives Wagner and Castro for  introducing this measure. As the founding members of the ASEAN Caucus,  their work on this bill underscores the centrality of ASEAN to  Congress' foreign policy for Asia.   