 Mr. Speaker, I, too, would like to thank my good colleague  from the great State of North Carolina for her leadership on this very  important issue.   I am proud to stand here with so many of my friends and colleagues  tonight for a topic near and dear to my heart: the continued viability  and success and importance of HBCUs.   Our HBCUs play an incredible critical role in the stability and  strength in our Nation. I truly believe, in order to build stronger  neighborhoods, better schools, and other community-sustainable  institutions, we must go block by block, we must celebrate the  diversity, and we must salute the rich history of the HBCUs and the  phenomenal contributions that they have made and will continue to make  to our communities nationwide.   I am so proud to say that, for years, our HBCUs have produced amazing  leaders who not only contribute to their respective fields, but who  also pride themselves on making sure the next generation of African  Americans succeed.   The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the proud home of two exceptional  HBCUs: Cheyney University and Lincoln University. They share the  distinction of being the first two HBCUs founded in America, a point of  great pride to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Many of my fellow  members of the CBC have HBCUs in their States, but they started in  Pennsylvania.   Many students and residents in the Second Congressional District call  Lincoln and Cheyney their alma mater. Cheyney was founded on February  25, 1837, three decades before the Emancipation Proclamation. This  year, Cheyney is celebrating its 180th anniversary.   Cheyney is located outside of Pennsylvania's Second Congressional  District and is the oldest HBCU in the country. For years, Cheyney was  known as a teachers college and has played an incredibly viable role  within the Commonwealth, ensuring the elementary, secondary, middle  school, and high school teachers at schools in the city of Philadelphia  and across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are prepared and have the  necessary skills in order to train our students for success in the  classroom and beyond.   That brings us to Lincoln University. Lincoln was established as our  Nation's  [[Page H9786]]  first degree-granting HBCU. Lincoln was designated as the first  institution in the world to provide higher education in the arts and  sciences for young African-American males and is famous for two of the  lions of Black American history: Langston Hughes, and the Supreme Court  Justice Thurgood Marshall. Today, Lincoln is one of the largest  employers in southern Chester County, Pennsylvania.   Our HBCUs nationwide are critical to the strength and stability of  our Nation. Just like our cities, our schools compete for people. We  have the power to continue to define the rich history and the legacies  of our HBCUs.   I am proud to stand here today with our friends and colleagues to  send a strong message that it is on us. It is our job to ensure that we  protect these institutions that are true treasures and recognize their  significant societal contributions by continuing to ensure their  success.   I salute the Lincoln Lions and the Cheyney Wolves. Both of these  institutions are very proud, and I am proud that they are institutions  in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   