 Mr. President, America lost one of our best friends,  well-known to us in the Washington, DC, area.   Doug Coe, a disciple of a fellow named Abraham Vereide, over a half  century ago came from Oregon to minister the Gospel to the Government  of the United States. He has been doing that for over a half a century.   Doug, well-known to us in the Congress for so many years, always was  bringing other people to the fore, and he always stood in the back. He  encouraged so many of us to have fellowship together, to meet with each  other, especially to have a meal together, to enjoy each other, and to  do this in the Spirit of the Lord, and particularly the Spirit of  Jesus. Because of that, he made so many friends all over the world.   This was a man whose religion brought people together across  religions, not dividing us, as is so often the case. In Doug's  spirituality, he could bring people of all faiths together in unity and  understanding through the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth.   I have just come from the cemetery where Doug has been laid to rest.  He is so well-known around here in the spirit of President Eisenhower's  suddenly calling up a couple of his friends in the Senate and saying:  Please come down here and visit with me; this is the loneliest house in  America. That started the annual Prayer Breakfast, and, of course, that  Prayer Breakfast has been held ever since, once a year, with the  President, the Congress, the President's Cabinet, the Vice President,  the Joint Chiefs, the diplomatic corps. Now over 150 nations attend  that annual National Prayer Breakfast. It is really an international  Prayer Breakfast.   Just this past one that was held in the first week of February indeed  had a couple of heads of state, including His Majesty King Abdallah of  Jordan. You wonder, how could a Muslim, who traces his roots all the  way back--his lineage--to the Prophet Mohammed come to a group  celebrating a Prayer Breakfast that generally identifies with the  Christian faith? Well, that is the unique unity of all of these Prayer  Breakfasts that are handled and held all over the world.   The Abrahamic faiths coming from the original single God, from which  the seed of Abraham had not only the Jewish religion, the Muslim  religion, and the Christian religion--in that, Doug Coe found unity. So  all of these years he spent organizing the National Prayer Breakfast.   Doug lived through this last one. He wasn't able to attend, but he  was holding court over in Northern Virginia as so many of the  international guests came to Washington for that annual celebration.   We just laid Doug to rest today. Tomorrow, there will be a memorial  service for him at a huge megachurch to try to accommodate the size of  the audience that will be there out in Northern Virginia.   When this Senator first came to Congress many, many years ago, Doug  Coe was the one who came to me and said: What I want you to do is I  want you to get two Democrats and two Republicans, and I want you all  to come together each week--breakfast or lunch--meet faithfully, read  the Scriptures, enjoy each other's company, and then pray together.   We did that faithfully for 10 of the 12 years I was in the Congress.  One of our Members was elected to the Senate at the time, and therefore  he arranged for us to have one of the hideaways. As a matter of fact,  it was Senator Mark Hatfield's hideaway that we would meet in and have  the luncheon so that if we had to go vote, we were close to the Senate  Chamber for him or close to the House Chamber for us.   Over the years, what has happened is these little groups that meet in  the House on Thursday morning and the Senate on Wednesday morning,  faithfully, they have gone across the globe and started other Prayer  Breakfasts. That is why there are over 150 nations that now come  annually to the National Prayer Breakfast. That is all because of our  friend Doug Coe.   Doug Coe was never up front speaking. It was the President and a  guest speaker who was not a religious person. This year, we made an  exception. The Senate invited the Senate Chaplain Barry Black to give  the main address, other than the President's address. You never saw  Doug Coe at the dais. Doug was always quietly in the background  meeting, extending the hand of friendship, extending his love,  representing the values he spoke.   The Good Book tells us a lot of stories about those values. It also  indicates that as someone put it in the street language of today, I  would rather see a sermon than hear one any day.   By the example Doug Coe lived, he taught us how to live. God bless  you, Doug Coe. You have done so much for so many.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   