 Mr. President, I join my colleague from New York in  expressing the special respect and passion that we all feel in honoring  this great holiday that remembers the service and sacrifice of great  Americans, to make sure we sustain and preserve and enhance our  democracy. Part of that democracy is indeed the rule of law, as well as  protecting the institutions that make us great as a Nation, including  our elections system and its integrity.   Today should also be a time to observe and commemorate the continued  respect for the law that makes us great. Part of that respect was  demonstrated recently when the Deputy Attorney General appointed a  special counsel to investigate possible coordination between the Trump  administration and the Presidential campaign with the Russians as they  interfered with those democratic institutions. Make no mistake, there  is consensus and unanimity in the intelligence community, and more  broadly among us in this body, that the Russians purposefully and  relentlessly interfered in the 2016 election through a cyber attack on  this Nation. In my view, it was an act of cyber warfare.   The questions now are who and how in the Trump team may have colluded  with the Russians in that illegal, outrageous activity and, indeed,  whether there has been obstruction of justice since then. Mounting  evidence indicates that there has been.   I have joined many of my colleagues in praising the appointment of a  special prosecutor because it is vitally necessary for a fair and  impartial, as well as aggressive, investigation. The special prosecutor  must follow the evidence wherever it leads, and I have confidence that  Bob Mueller is the right person for this assignment. He has the grit  and backbone to stand up to pressure. He has the prosecutorial  experience and expertise to conduct a truly professional investigation.   I called for a special prosecutor back in February. I was one of the  first, if not the first, among our colleagues to do so because the  conflicts of interest raised by the recusal of the Attorney General and  the potential involvement of the Deputy led me to think that such an  appointment was absolutely necessary.   I now call on the President to support this investigation. With the  utmost respect for the Office of the President, it should be  unnecessary to call for that cooperation and support. My hope was that  the President would say as soon as the appointment occurred that he  would indeed cooperate. But, instead, he has continued to characterize  this investigation as a witch hunt and a charade. He has demeaned and  disrespected it and indicated that, if anything, there will be less  than full cooperation. That would be a grave disservice to our  democracy and to the American people.   The integrity of our electoral system is bigger and more important  than any single electoral contest or even any occupant of the White  House. It is about the freedom and independence of this Nation,  something we cherish and celebrate on this Memorial Day weekend.   I urge President Trump to demonstrate his adherence to the rule of  [[Page S3166]]  law by cooperating and articulating fully his cooperation with this  investigation. I hope that not only President Trump but all of his  associates will do so and that they will provide whatever testimony and  documents are necessary to complete this investigation as quickly and  effectively as possible.   I also believe that the Attorney General of the United States owes  the American people his adherence to the rule of law by committing  himself to follow the guidelines that respect the press. Indeed, we  would know very little, if anything, about many of the events that  prompted the appointment of a special prosecutor without the free press  reporting development after event after development that have led to  this day.   There are guidelines and regulations that protect the President  against any kind of compulsory process or punishment. If there is  punishment to be accorded to lawbreakers, the press should be  recognized for the special role they have in our democracy and the  special protections, the constitutional guarantee they enjoy under the  First Amendment. There are guidelines under 28 CFR 50.10 that provide  legal guidance and regulations that should be observed, and I hope that  the Attorney General will demonstrate in deed and word his adherence to  those guidelines rather than threatening to lock up reporters--as the  President has unfortunately done currently in conversations with  Director Comey--or punishing them.   Whatever the violations of government officials may be, there should  be an articulate, clear, and explicit adherence to those regulations by  the Attorney General.   Let's take a moment to go through where we are right now.   Last July, after a disturbing series of reports suggesting the  attempt by a foreign power to influence an American election, the  Federal Government began to investigate the Russian Government's  interference in the Presidential election.   We learned just yesterday from a published report that this activity  included conversations among Russian officials regarding how best to  sway individual Trump officials and that the FBI's early handling of  this matter may have been influenced by an unreliable document  traceable to Russian intelligence--a form of interference in our  justice system that is stunning.   In December of 2016, U.S. intelligence officials concluded that the  Russians had orchestrated the theft of electronic materials from the  Democratic National Committee and John Podesta in an attempt to  undermine Hillary Clinton's Presidential campaign. The Obama  administration responded by implementing sanctions on the Russian  Government.   Shortly after President Trump took office, Attorney General Sally  Yates warned the White House that National Security Adviser Michael  Flynn had lied to officials about discussing sanctions with the  Russians and was vulnerable to Russian blackmail. The White House  waited 2\1/2\ weeks to take action and did so only after a March 9  Washington Post report and, in fact, days after Sally Yates' warning,  fired her.   We also know that Director Comey was warned or asked--in fact,  demanded by President Trump that he pledge his loyalty and that he  would be in jeopardy of losing his job if he did not. Shortly  thereafter, the President clearly expressed to Director Comey his sense  of that warning when he asked Director Comey to shut down, in effect,  the Flynn investigation. As we all know, Director Comey resisted both  of the President's requests.   In early March, following sharp criticism about his failure to  disclose meetings with Russian officials under oath, Attorney General  Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Department of Justice  investigations.   Later that month, President Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, became  the third high-ranking Trump administration official caught  misrepresenting potentially his ties to an admitted meeting with  Russian officials from his security clearance application.   On May 9, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, a stunning  event amidst these unprecedented revelations. After clumsy and  contradicting explanations seeking to advance a false narrative that  the firing was a result of Director Comey's handling of the Hillary  Clinton email matter, the White House essentially abandoned that  conflicting series of stories, and President Trump admitted publicly  that he was thinking about the FBI's Russia investigation when he  decided to fire Comey. He boasted the next day in his meeting with the  Russian Foreign Minister that he felt greatly relieved of pressure  resulting from that investigation.   The New York Times has reported that Comey was seeking increased  funding and resources to expand the Russia probe. The Times also  subsequently revealed that Director Comey had discussed with others and  wrote memos detailing how President Trump asked him to pledge his  loyalty and shut down the Federal investigation into Mr. Flynn.   We must wait for all the facts to emerge, but even if only some of  these reports are accurate, the conclusion is almost inescapable that  the President of the United States fired the FBI Director in an attempt  to shut down the investigation into ties between his associates,  including Michael Flynn, and the Russian Government. The names of these  associates have been well documented--Paul Manafort, Roger Stone,  Carter Page, as well as Michael Flynn.   There is, unfortunately, more. Just in the past few days, additional  disturbing facts and press reports have surfaced, including testimony  by former CIA Director John Brennan before the House Intelligence  Committee. He said that before he left office, he became deeply  concerned that Russian intelligence services were attempting to  manipulate Trump associates to influence the Presidential campaign. He  noted that many Russian contacts of individuals linked to the Trump  campaign emerged in those reports. The Washington Post reported that  Comey had informed Congress about the FBI Russia investigation late in  March and that Trump had asked Director of National Intelligence Daniel  Coats and National Security Director Michael Rogers to push back on  that investigation--in effect, to clear the President--and deny Trump  campaign collusion with the Russians. According to this report, both  officials, to their credit, refused to do so.   In the Armed Services Committee, I asked Director Coats whether he  discussed with Director Rogers any attempts by the administration to  interfere with the investigation. He refused to answer--a pause and  silence that spoke volumes.   Revelation after revelation shakes our confidence in this  administration's truthfulness and confidence. This investigation by the  special prosecutor is vitally necessary.   We must not lose sight of the damage that has already been done.  These reports paint a deeply disturbing picture of possible  obstruction, a mosaic pieced together by facts that show not only  events and conversations but also motives. After a series of these  events and conversations, they can no longer be seen as isolated or  accidental or inadvertent. The cumulative effect, like threads in a  fabric, is to establish a picture of motive, intent, mens rea, and  criminal activity.   Special Counsel Mueller must have the mandate and all of the funding  and resources that he needs to follow the facts wherever they may  lead--resources, independence--but also support.   That is why, again, I call on the administration to express its  support and its intention to cooperate.   This kind of investigation can mean the difference between the  upholding of our democratic institutions and placing them in jeopardy.  Therefore, I urge that we as a body remain vigilant and continue the  Judiciary Committee's oversight, inquiry, and investigative activity so  as to assure that we know the reasons then-FBI Director Comey was  fired--we have that responsibility as a matter of oversight--and  continue that kind of scrutiny in order to assure the independence and  resources the special prosecutor needs. Likewise, the Intelligence  Committee's activities are absolutely necessary.   Almost certainly, the special prosecutor will produce no report or  elaborate public explanation. He will bring criminal charges if they  are warranted by the evidence. He will seek convictions in court if  those prosecutions are  [[Page S3167]]  justified under his finding. A report with recommendations and finding  as to how we can avoid this kind of interference with our democratic  institutions in the future must be the work of the Intelligence  Committee and of an independent commission, which I have supported. An  independent, bipartisan commission can do the kind of public,  transparent, vigorous, and independent work that is necessary, just in  the way that we have done in the wake of other crises.   I urge that we proceed on all of these fronts. They are vital to our  democracy. They are an essential, inextricable part of freedom, the  rule of law, and freedom of the press.   I hope that the press will continue its unfettered use of its First  Amendment freedom to give us the truth and to continue those reports  that have brought us to this day, because the truth will be uncovered  in the course of the criminal process. It will be uncovered by the  Intelligence Committee and, hopefully, by an independent commission.  The essential role of the free press in fostering government  accountability is recognized by existing regulations, and the Attorney  General of the United States should leave no confusion that the  Department of Justice will adhere to those regulations.   Indeed, 28 CFR 50.10 recognizes the ``essential role of the free  press in fostering government accountability'' and, therefore, sets  parameters and procedures, for approval by the Attorney General of the  United States, under standards that are set forth for any government  action that may, in any way, inhibit or impede the press.   We will probably never know the real impact of Russia's intervention  in the outcome of the 2016 election. These investigations are not about  assessing the impact. They are about determining who participated  criminally with the Russians in that interference. The American people  deserve a thorough and impartial investigation into the Trump team's  ties to that interference and the effort by President Trump and others  to cover it up.   In the wake of Watergate, the saying arose that the coverup was worse  than the crime. It was then, and it would be worse--or at least as  heinous--in the crime here. Make no mistake that the crime is,  actually, a theft of our democracy--an interference by the Russians in  our democratic institutions--which they will repeat if we do not make  them pay a price and, likewise, if we do not make the Americans who  cooperated with them pay a price as well. This principle is central to  our democracy and our rule of law.   In closing, I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for the  cooperation of the Trump administration as well as for recognizing the  importance of the investigation--its independence, its resources--for  the free press and the rule of law.   I yield the floor.   