 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res.  37. I want to commend my colleague from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx) for  her leadership in sponsoring this measure. I am proud to be a  cosponsor.   The blacklisting rule is a textbook example of executive overreach  that became standard operating procedure during the previous  administration. Instead of using the existing suspension and debarment  system to deal with bad actors, the Obama administration imposed an  unnecessary regulation that placed significant burdens on all Federal  contractors, even though they admitted that ``the vast majority of  Federal contractors play by the rules.''   This kind of action--failing to enforce existing rules and then  imposing a burdensome, redundant regulatory scheme--is exactly what  frustrates the American people about Washington. We all want bad actors  to be held accountable, but this rule is unnecessary red tape that  punishes everyone for the actions of a few.   As chairman of the Committee on Small Business, I am concerned that  we already have 100,000 fewer small businesses doing business with the  Federal Government than we did back in 2012. So in the second term of  the Obama administration, we lost 100,000 small businesses doing  business with the Federal Government across the country. That means we  have less competition, and that is bad for job creators and it is bad  for taxpayers alike because, when there is less competition, we pay  more, so the tax dollars that we send here to Washington are not used  as efficiently as they ought to be.   The Committee on Small Business held several hearings and roundtables  on this rule over the last 2 years, heard directly from small  businesses, and examined the Obama administration's rule very closely.  What we found was quite alarming.   The blacklisting rule would force innocent small businesses to settle  unproven claims, disclose commercially sensitive information to their  competitors, and report information the Federal Government already has.  So we are going through this whole process, and the Federal Government  has already got it; but they are not competent enough to use what they  have already got, so they want to put it on the contractor to do even  more. It makes no sense.   Ultimately, this rule will result in small businesses being  blacklisted from participating in Federal contracting based on  accusations--just accusations--where they may ultimately be found  innocent. They didn't do anything wrong, yet they are barred from doing  business with the government. Again, it makes no sense.   I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 37. Passage of this joint  resolution will undo a duplicative and unnecessary regulation that  harms small business, hurts competition, and prevents taxpayers from  getting the best bang for their buck.   I again want to thank the chairwoman for her leadership in pushing  this forward. I urge my colleagues to support it.   