 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I certainly sympathize with  many of the comments that the sponsor of this amendment has brought up.  Certainly, none of us have any intention of trashing the environment,  of causing environmental degradation in any of our coastal areas in the  United States.   But the thing is that this amendment doesn't cut production. It would  not result in any reduction in oil and gas exploration and production  activities. And if it were to do that, then all that would happen is it  would increase our dependence upon foreign imports of oil.   The reality and statistics are very clear. You are less safe  transporting energy than you are producing it. The statistics are very  clear. Putting it into a ship is less safe. Putting it into a pipeline  is less safe than actually producing it. So you are not doing anything  to benefit the environment.   The next thing is that, within approximately 1 month of the Obama  administration's being sworn into office in 2009--as I recall, I  believe it was on February 10--Secretary Salazar stood  [[Page H7177]]  up and said: We are rewriting the 5-year offshore leasing plan of the  previous administration.   They walked right in and said: We are throwing this out.   Which the amendment's sponsor said was billions of dollars in  implications and much planning.   It is exactly what the Obama administration did. So if the Trump  administration chooses to take a fresh look at these resources and  these resources, then I want to quote the Obama administration saying  that these are offshore energy resources that belong to all Americans.   Mr. Chairman, I want to make one other note. If you read the  amendment, it says that none of the funds made available in this act  may be used to repair a 5-year offshore oil and gas leasing program  that would schedule any Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas lease sale  before 2022. This wouldn't just prohibit making changes to it, such as,  perhaps, the idea of expanding it if public comments and other input  found that that was the best thing to do, but it also would prevent  slowing down the lease sale schedule.   Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. While I certainly  support the gentleman's intent to prevent any type of environmental  harm and degradation, I just want to say in closing that I was the lead  trustee for the State of Louisiana in the Deepwater Horizon spill.    When you look at Outer Continental Shelf energy production, we had  produced trillions of cubic feet of natural gas. We had produced  billions of barrels of oil. What the courts found in the BP incident  was that there was gross negligence and willful misconduct.   They didn't find that there were problems with the rules and other  things. That is why, as the gentleman correctly started, that they had  to spend tens of billions of dollars paying for their gross negligence  and willful misconduct, which is very different than the trillions of  cubic feet of natural gas, and billions of barrels of oil that we have  produced safely; we produced them in the United States; and we have not  put them in pipelines and tankers in other less safe mechanisms of  transportation.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert), the distinguished chairman of  the subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I just want to say  that, once again, while I understand the gentleman's intent to prevent  any type of environmental degradation--I think everyone shares that  objective--the reality is that this amendment doesn't do anything to  advance that objective. And potentially, should there be some type of  emergent situation where you would want to slow down lease sales, this  amendment would actually prohibit that from happening.   We should take a fresh look with public input and with the best  science to determine where we produce, how we produce, to maximize  domestic energy production, to maximize or to reduce dependence upon  foreign energy, to maximize economic opportunities and employment  opportunities in the United States.   Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   