 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, we are still dealing with some of the  same issues we have dealt with before. It is interesting to me the  number of people who have asked: Is Congress obsessed right now with  all of the press reports and all of the things that are happening  around the Presidency and everything else? I have said to them that is  one of the things on our list, but that is not what we are talking  about the most. We are working on issues like tax reform and healthcare  issues and regulatory issues.   I just had three bills that went through the markup process just  yesterday that deal with small business regulation and how we are going  to be able to manage getting things back in order. We spent all day at  lunch on Tuesday and we spent all day at lunch on Wednesday with our  entire conference in a working lunch together and talked about  healthcare policies. We are still working on trying to finish these  issues that absolutely need to get done.   Healthcare is one of those issues that has been one of the prime  conversations now for years, and we are in the final stretch of  actually working through an actual repeal and replace of multiple  sections of the Affordable Care Act that have caused the greatest  amount of damage, but I still have people who will catch me and ask:  Well, there are beneficial parts. What are you going to keep, and what  is going to go, and why do we need to replace it?   I will typically smile at folks and say: Let me give you a quick  recap as to why we need to replace this and what is really happening.  It may be different in your State than it is in mine, but let me lay it  out as to where we are and what has been said.   Remember, back in the earliest days, the Affordable Care Act being  passed, it was all about premiums decreasing. In my State, premiums  went up just last year--in 1 year--76 percent in the individual market.  It was a 1-year increase of 76 percent. The year before, under the  Affordable Care Act, they went up 35 percent in 1 year. Premiums not  only have not stabilized, but they have accelerated out of control.   It was all about deductibles decreasing. Deductibles have also  skyrocketed. It was about, if you like your doctor or if you like your  healthcare, you can keep it. Doctors have moved to other hospitals.  Doctors' offices have stopped being independent. They have to be able  to work with other facilities so as to maintain the compliance  requirements there. Most of the independent doctors in Oklahoma are no  longer independent doctors. They now work under a corporate structure  or they cannot survive.   As to this whole thing about competition on the open market, we used  to have multiple companies in Oklahoma that provided insurance. We now  have one. Every other company has left. There is one company left.  There is no competition driving down prices. It is a monopoly. It is  the same thing that is happening all over the country. Just this year,  there are one-third of the counties in America that now only have one  insurance provider. In my State, all 77 counties only have one  insurance provider.   To tell you where things are really headed in this area of  competition, United, which is one of the largest providers of  healthcare, dropped out of all  [[Page S3030]]  of the exchanges nationwide--everything. It is doing none. In the past  couple of days, Aetna announced it will no longer do competition in any  State anywhere in the country. The number of companies even willing to  try to live up to these regulations continues to drop off. That is what  is really happening in our States.   If you want to know what that actually means to real families, let me  give you a taste as to what comes into my office regularly because I  have many people who call my office and say: Protect this. Protect  this. Protect whatever it may be in the healthcare coverage. You have  to make sure you guard it.   I will typically say to them: Let me introduce you to some other  people who are also calling in and who are also writing in.   I will leave their names out, but let me give you just some of the  situations:   A single mom, who has children and is from Norman, OK, contacted us  and said her family has seen its premiums triple over the last 2 years.  Currently, its premiums are $1,500 a month, with a deductible for the  family of $24,000.   Another family contacted me who has a disabled child. The federally  mandated health insurance under ObamaCare for 2016 was $895. For 2017,  it is $1,553 a month for this family with a disabled child.   A husband and wife in Tulsa, OK, wrote me. Their current monthly  expense for just insurance is $1,500--twice the amount of their house  payment. They have a relative who is working three part-time jobs and  cannot get a full-time job because, under ObamaCare, a full-time job  also requires all of the benefits. No one is hiring in that full-time  area because of the additional requirements for ObamaCare. He is  working three part-time jobs, and because he is working three part-time  jobs and has no health insurance, he is also paying the penalty--fine-- on his taxes for not having insurance. Not only can he not get a full- time job because of the ObamaCare requirements, but he is paying a  penalty because of it as well.   A husband and wife from Newkirk, OK, wrote me. For their insurance  alone, not including out-of-pocket medical expenses, the husband and  wife will spend $21,965 this year on healthcare coverage.   Another family wrote me from Stillwater, OK. Their healthcare  coverage used to be 5 percent of their family income. Now their  healthcare coverage is 22 percent of their family healthcare income.   I have another family who wrote to me, and it is very interesting.  They are from Oklahoma City, and they wrote me and just gave me a  breakout--a chart--that they had created. In 2015, their monthly  premium had skyrocketed to $1,400. In 2016, it was $1,500. Now, in  2017, it is $2,042 a month. Let that soak in for a moment.    Then they made the statement that there are financially strapped  families who will not go to the doctor due to this out-of-pocket  expense. That is the additional deductible that is on top of their  $2,000 premium. Individuals buying private insurance have no recourse  because we have no other option that we are allowed to go to. There is  only one insurance provider available to us. We need competition in  this State in order to take away the financial burden on our families.   All they want are options. Yet right now what the Federal Government  has told them is: No. We have a policy, and you have to buy that  policy. If you do not buy the policy we pick for you, we will fine you  on your taxes.   They are stuck. Thousands of Oklahomans are stuck.   Why is it such a big issue? Because of how it affects individuals.  Why is it such a big issue? Because of what is still coming.   There is this false belief that the Affordable Care Act is fully  implemented. That is not true. Many of the aspects of the most onerous  parts of the Affordable Care Act did not go into implementation until  after President Obama left office. Let me give you some examples of  some things they had back-loaded that would not start until after he  had left office:   There is the Cadillac tax. Every union family across the country will  start to face much higher costs on their insurance because their  insurance is considered too good under the Affordable Care Act. So all  of those great union families who have great healthcare insurance  across the country are about to start facing additional taxes and fees  for their insurance being better than their next-door neighbors'  insurance as the Affordable Care Act tried to push down healthcare  insurance to be the same for everyone.   There are increased penalties that are still coming because the full  penalties have not been rolled out yet on all of the taxes. They have  gone up a little bit each year, but they will accelerate now over the  next several years.   There are increased taxes. The medical device tax, which has been  sitting out there, has been delayed, but it now will go into full  implementation. There is also a tax, which is a health insurer tax,  that adds an additional tax to every insurance company that of course  they will then pass on to every single premium.   There are still all of the costs that are associated with the  expansion of Medicaid. Now, there has been a lot of conversation about  the expansion of Medicaid. As many people know, this was an expansion  of Medicaid for people from 100 percent of poverty to 138 percent of  poverty. It is just in that small bracket that there had been an  expansion of Medicaid. Initially, the Federal Government covered all of  the costs of that expansion. Then, starting this year, the States pick  up the additional cost. My State, like several others, chose not to do  the expansion, and my State legislature and my Governor have taken a  lot of heat for that. Yet what they said several years ago is, once the  State has to pick up the additional bill, we will not be able to afford  that expansion. We cannot do that.   Let me tell you what that would mean to my State. Because we did not  expand, we do not have an additional cost this year, but let me give  you a parallel. The State of Oregon is almost exactly the same size as  the population in the State of Oklahoma. It will now start taking on an  additional $257 million a year in its State budget because of the  expansion of Medicaid it took on.   Now, that may not seem like a big deal to some people in this  Chamber, but in my State right now, our State legislature and our  Governor are struggling to balance a budget, and we are going through  all kinds of issues because, right now, our State is about $800 million  behind budget, and this is after being $800 million behind budget last  year. If the people in my State will imagine what is going on right now  in the State capitol, if we had an additional $257 million added to  that hole, then that is what it would mean for our State.   There are real effects that are out there, and I understand  healthcare is extremely personal. That is why it has always been  something that has been decided by individual families, not by the  Federal Government and, in my State, by someone 1,000 miles away who is  trying to make healthcare decisions for them.   What we are really trying to do with this is to deal with the issues  I just laid out. This is not about partisan politics. This is about  people and families who have been hurt by what is happening in the  Affordable Care Act--by someone 1,000 miles away who is trying to tell  them what policies they can and cannot buy, by the skyrocketing costs,  by the actual effect that has happened. While I have some people who  say that is not real, I could line up the families in my State who used  to have coverage but who no longer have coverage because they cannot  afford it anymore.   Then there are the simplistic answers to, Why don't we just cover  everybody in the country? Why don't we just do a single-payer system?  People do not understand. They know how bad it has become now and how  hard it has become now. You would accelerate that multifold if you were  to just slip into a single-payer system.   What do we need to do? Let me give you a couple of quick thoughts. We  are going to need transition time. Whatever you hear about all of the  conversation we have about the Affordable Care Act or replacing the  Affordable Care Act, please know that all of the conversations for us  begin with how do we do a good transition from where we are now to  where we need to be.   I have folks who say: Well, next week, this ends. Well, next year,  this suddenly goes away.  [[Page S3031]]    No, there will have to be a transition process, and it will be over  several years.   We are also still looking at some of the most basic elements. For  instance, I have had folks say: I want to be able to keep my kids on my  insurance until 26. That has been assumed, quite frankly, by the House  and by the Senate, but the House bill that has been passed already  keeps that. There has been a lot of conversation about preexisting  conditions. Most of the conversation we have had as Senators, behind  closed doors, is about taking care of people with preexisting  conditions.   Those are very real issues.   We understand the dynamic of what happens back and forth with  insurance companies and families and the struggles families have,  whether they are cancer patients, diabetic, have rare blood diseases or  Alzheimer's. There are so many struggles that are out there. We  understand that. That is in our conversation as well. Yet we have to be  able to find practical ways to start leveling out the cost of  insurance. We cannot survive with rates skyrocketing like they are, and  people need to know the safety net is going to actually be there.   We have to resolve these issues. We have to work for the benefit of  our States, which cannot afford these overwhelming cost increases. We  have to work for the benefit of families who are facing the issue and,  quite frankly, for the Federal taxpayer as well.   While my State struggles with an $800 million hole that it is facing  right in the budget, by the end of our session, it will have had that  resolved. It is constitutionally required to have that resolved. The  Federal Government is facing a $20 trillion budget hole right now--$20  trillion. For all the folks who say: Just add more to it, it will be  fine, may I remind you, there is a day all of that has to be paid. We  have to be able to be responsible with our Federal budget at the same  time we are helping our States to be able to manage theirs and at the  same time we are helping our families to do the same.    No, this is not simple, but it has to be done. We have to be able to  find a way to restore it. This is not about returning healthcare back  to where we were years ago. That, quite frankly, is gone. As I  mentioned before, all of those private doctors that used to function in  my State, they don't function in my State anymore. They are all under  corporate structures. The insurance companies have left or have merged.  Hospitals in my State have merged because they couldn't survive the  last few years of ObamaCare. Even if we wanted to go back to how  healthcare was--and we don't--but even if we wanted to, we can't  because there has been so much change in the last few years. We have to  be able to actually fix where we are.   So I would encourage continued communication. Lots of folks have  contacted my office on every side of this issue. Keep doing that. Lots  of folks in this Chamber have had dialogue, and though it looks like a  partisan exercise, it is actually a pretty open conversation among our  conference to try to figure out how we are going to actually help  families, help our States, help our Federal budget, and help us to be  sustainable on these critical issues.   I have gotten lots of other letters I can bring. There are lots of  other stories out there. I think we know enough now to be able to know  this is something that needs to be done. So while the Nation is  distracted, we cannot be distracted. Let's finish the healthcare  conversation. Lots of families are counting on us.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   