 Mr. President, it would surprise my friend to know that in  Florida we have a lot of people on Medicare and Social Security.    One of them is my mother. If I were to cut her Medicare  and Social Security, sir, I probably would never be able to see her  again or go home. So the answer to your question is no.   As I have been clear time and again, I believe that for future  generations, like mine, there need to be adjustments made.    Mr. President, how much time is remaining on our side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 14 minutes.    Mr. President, just for clarification for the Senator from  Vermont, I didn't speak to a group of people from Wall Street. I spoke  at a POLITICO breakfast--POLITICO magazine, newspaper, whatever it is.  I didn't know it had anything to do with Wall Street.   The second point that I would raise on this topic is, this is not a  debate on Social Security or Medicaid--which I am happy to have. It is  an important program. I think if you are 50 years of age or older and  near retirement or in retirement, there are not going to be any changes  to that program. I think if you are 46 or 36 or 26, you should be  worried that there won't be Social Security or Medicaid if it continues  on its current track. That is an important debate, and I hope we will  have it.   But I want to talk today about something different, and that is the  child tax credit. Yesterday, Senator Lee and I announced a plan that  would expand it and make it fully refundable against payroll tax to  help working families across this country, and it has been the subject  of pretty significant criticism from some, including--the Senator from  Vermont would be interested in hearing this--the Wall Street Journal,  which editorialized against it today. So I want to address some of  those criticisms because I think many of them are just not valid. They  are all invalid, but a couple are actually disrespectful to American  workers.   Here is the first one that is not valid: We have already expanded the  child tax credit to $2,000, and that is enough.   Well, it is not enough, and here is why. Most families who make  between $20,000 and $50,000 don't really benefit from that expansion.  They don't make a lot of money, so they don't owe a lot in income tax,  which is what the additional expansion in the child tax credit applies  against. Since most of the $2,000 child credit applies only to income  tax and their primary liability is payroll tax, they get nowhere near  the $2,000 benefit.   The cost of raising a child is not any cheaper for a family making  $40,000 than it is for a family making $200,000, and I would argue the  family making $40,000 needs the credit more than the family making  $200,000. Yet somehow we have a provision in which the family making  more gets more for their children than the family making less. That  makes no sense.   The second thing I heard today--and I hadn't heard this one before-- is that this is actually a negative tax; that people aren't just  getting their taxes phased out, they are actually getting money on top  of it. That is false because our plan is limited to your tax  liability. You can't get any more credit than what you paid in taxes.  If you owe $1,200 in taxes, the most your credit can be is $1,200. It  can't be above and beyond your tax liability.    The third one I have heard from a number of people is that this is  welfare. This one is false. To call the child tax credit welfare is  downright disrespectful to the American worker. Who are the people who  would benefit from this? Let me tell you who they are: truckdrivers  making $36,000 a year, welders making $39,000 a year, construction  workers making $43,000 a year, firefighters making $48,000 a year.  These are not freeloaders. This is not welfare. This is their money.  These are people who are working and make too much to get welfare from  the government, but they aren't paid enough to afford many things in  life. This would be, for example, about 8.5 million working families  who make between $20,000 and $50,000--if this graph lines up--of an  average cut of $800, which is not a lot of money, but it is $800 more  than what they have now if we were to expand it in this way.   I alluded to the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal that I  generally agree with on most topics. They have never liked this child  tax credit debate or idea. They claimed this provision is anti-work.  That isn't just false, it is ridiculous. You can't get the child credit  [[Page S7544]]  if you are not working. You can't apply it against payroll tax unless  you have payroll taxes off your paycheck. How can a tax credit that you  can only get if you are working be anti-work? That is not just false,  it is ridiculous.   The fifth argument is about the corporate rate. Our corporate rate is  35 percent. We proposed to cut it to 22 percent. Somehow, unless it is  20 percent, it is going to be a catastrophe for the American economy.  That wasn't the case a few years ago. I campaigned for President and  for U.S. Senate on a 25-percent corporate tax rate, and everybody said  that would lead to growth.   In 2014, Americans for Tax Reform, the group led by Grover Norquist,  called for a 25-percent rate. It said a corporate income tax rate from  35 to 25 is badly needed. It moves the U.S. rate closer to the  developed nation average, and it would help with growth. The Senate  Finance Committee international tax bipartisan working group called for  25 percent. The Heritage Foundation in 2010 called for 25 percent. The  National Association of Manufacturers in 2014 called for 25 percent.  Speaker Ryan's Path to Prosperity 2013 budget called for 25 percent.  The Alliance for Competitive Taxation called for 25 percent. I am  saying 22 percent.   By the way, this argument ignores all the other things that are in  place--immediate expense, repatriation, all sorts of other things. It  is not just the 13-percent tax cut or 15-percent tax cut, it is all the  other things that come with it. By the way, if there is a better way to  pay for what we are trying to do, we are open to it.    I will yield, as long as it doesn't count against my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Delaware.    That has been the gold standard for a significant period  of time. That is what I campaigned on. That is a promise I made, and I  want it to be even lower than that, at 22 percent. By the way, if there  is a better way to pay for what I am trying to do here, I am open to  that.   I want to make two more points of criticism. We already have too many  people not paying income tax. This would create even more. In essence,  it narrows the base. First of all, to the extent this credit takes  people off the tax rolls at all, it isn't forever. It is until their  children turn 17.   The second argument--and I actually agree with this--is what we are  doing here is going to make us more competitive in the world, and that  is going to lead to economic growth. That is not just going to create  more jobs, it is going to create pay. We have been told by the White  House economists, by the Finance Committee, by multiple different  experts that we can expect to see real wage growth, on average, up to  $4,000.   If you are going to be raising wages, then you are going to have  people graduating to higher tax brackets or into the income tax range.  In essence, what the people who make this argument are saying is, for  purposes of economic growth and revenue, this is going to be dynamic,  and it is going to grow the economy. I agree with that, but for  purposes of the child tax credit, a bunch of people are not going to  get pay raises. They are going to get stuck where they are today, and  they will never pay income tax.   It can't be both. It is either one or the other. I believe it is  growth. I believe there are people making $50,000 now that one day may  make $55,000 or $60,000 and continue to move up. By the way, once their  kids turn 17, the credit goes away.   The last argument, that it is not pro-growth, it is not stimulative.  I know economists struggle to quantify it. I believe it is stimulus. Do  you know what teaches me that? Not an economist or some book I read,  real life teaches me this. Here is why. If you make $50,000 or $40,000  a year, and you get $800 back in your taxes, do you know what you are  going do with that money? You are not going to put it under your  mattress or in a coffee can and bury it in your backyard. You are going  to spend that money. You are going to buy your kids clothes, shoes, and  Christmas gifts. You may even be able to spend an extra day on  vacation. You are going to spend it at the very businesses and into the  very economy we are going to try to grow.   People making $50,000 a year consume almost all of the money they  make. They are going to spend it on their children, but they are also  going to spend it into the economy. If you believe that leaving more  money in the hands of businesses leads to growth--and I do. I also  believe that leaving more money in the hands of families leads to  economic activity, and that is a positive thing.   The reason I am so passionate about it is--and I will close with  this--I think one of the things we have been missing for too long is  the working men and women of this country who have been hurt badly by  the economic restructuring that we are going through--automation,  outsourcing, and all sorts of changes in the American economy.   I think about my parents who worked in the service sector. Thirty  years ago, as a waitress, as a bartender, and as a maid, my parents  were able to afford to own a home. You know for a fact that at least in  Miami, FL, today, a bartender and a maid will struggle to own a home,  not to mention afford the things that people need to afford living  there.   We need to do something to help people because they are being left  behind. This new economy is great for a lot of people with the right  degrees and the right industry, with the right skills. We are leaving  millions of people stuck, and no one fights for them because they don't  have a lobbyist, they don't have a trade association, and they don't  have a newspaper that editorializes for them. We need to fight for them  too. Leaving them a little bit more of their money that they earned by  working is not too much to ask. We need a pro-growth and a pro-worker  tax reform, and that is what we endeavor to do.   I hope I can get, when the time comes to offer that amendment, the  support of as many of you as possible. This will not make life perfect,  but for hard-working families, firefighters, and construction workers,  whatever little more we can let them keep is more than what they have  now, and it is going to make their lives and their children's lives  better than it is today. Ultimately, isn't that what we are here to do?   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time?   If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides.   The Senator from Michigan.   