 Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague's contributions  and his insights, representing Virginia and representing the United  States.   I must say that all of us were quite frustrated by the hearing we  held with Rex Tillerson. We know that America needs a strong and  capable Secretary of State. We have many great power issues to wrestle  with--certainly with Russia, certainly with China. We know we have many  emerging powers around the globe that will raise issues relevant to the  security of the United States and the economy of the United States. We  know the Secretary of State plays a key role in shaping our policy  toward impoverished nations and how we might facilitate their growth  and enhance our Nation's relationship with them. Nuclear strategy is  always an extremely important role.   This position is perhaps the most important position in the  administration, second to the Presidency, and it is for that reason  that we are weighing with such intense attention.   Already we have challenges that have been raised by the conduct of  our President over the last 12 days. We have, in 12 days, seen actions  by President Trump that have diminished our Nation's standing in the  world, that have offended many of our international neighbors and  allies, that have weakened the security of our country. So we need a  capable Secretary of State. We need that person soon.   Certainly one piece of the pattern we have seen is a new low in the  relationship with the leadership of Mexico on our southern border, but  we also have seen actions that have offended over a billion people in  the world through the Friday night Executive order banning immigration  from seven Muslim-majority nations along with an order affecting  refugees fleeing the ravages and devastation of war in many places, but  Syria is specifically singled out for a longer period of time.   The President said, well, this is not, in fact, a Muslim ban and that  it is about the security of the United States of America, but he is  certainly wrong on both counts. All the nations singled out are Muslim- majority countries. Not a single immigrant from any of those countries  has killed an American in a terrorist attack, and the President  [[Page S520]]  made a very specific point, saying there would be exceptions for  Christians, meaning there would not be exceptions for Muslims.   One of his advisers, Rudy Giuliani, even said explicitly that the  President had wanted to do a Muslim ban and asked him how to do it  legally. So the intent is crystal clear that this is a ban founded in  religious discrimination, and a policy based on religious  discrimination has no place in our Nation. It is completely  incompatible with our traditions and our principles of religious  liberty.   We are a nation built by immigrants, founded by men and women seeking  safety from religious persecution, adding to the sense that this  position is wrong and abhorrent. It goes against the fundamental  building blocks of our Nation and everything we stand for.   If our history and our fundamental values aren't enough, then we need  to consider the danger this ban represents for our national security.  Much of our efforts in the Middle East involve close partnership, close  teamwork with the leaders of Muslim nations.   Taking on ISIS involves close coordination and close teamwork with  the leadership of Muslim nations. In fact, we should be very aware that  ISIS uses as its recruiting tool that the United States is conducting a  war on Islam, and the President's actions feed directly in and serve  the ISIS recruiting strategy.   The world has reacted with furor. Over the weekend, more than 4,000  Oregonians attended a pair of my townhall meetings. The first meeting  was in a room about this size, and I was astounded to see 600 people  just jammed in, just crowding it. It was the largest townhall I had  ever had. I do 36 townhalls a year, open forum. People can come and ask  anything they want.   Then I went to my second townhall, and it wasn't 600 folks. It was  3,700 people who turned out just because they heard that a Senator was  holding a townhall, and they wanted to make their voices heard about  how wrong they thought it was, the direction that President Trump is  headed. A key piece of that was certainly his ban on Muslims entering  our Nation.   Protests erupted at airports all across our country. I went out on  Sunday to the Portland Airport. It had been informally organized, the  protest at 2 o'clock, and I got out there about 2:15. People were  pouring in. There may have been somewhere around 1,000 people by the  time I could get out onto the upper level deck of the two levels of the  airport--the level at which people are arriving for their flights--to  be able to speak to people.   The condemnation and opposition didn't just come from the grassroots  across America. It didn't just come from the spontaneous voices of  American citizens who value religious liberty, value our traditions,  value their understanding of our Constitution and wanting to send a  message to President Trump that he was violating each and every one of  those things, that opposition came loud and clear from international  leaders as well.   Our Canadian neighbors made sure the world knew they welcomed the  immigrants and refugees that America had slammed the door on.   German Chancellor Angela Merkel called the President to remind him of  our Nation's responsibilities, as signatories to the Geneva Convention,  to take in refugees. It is quite embarrassing that a European leader  has to call an American President to educate him about the Geneva  Convention.   France's President Francois Hollande has called for a firm European  response to this ban; the United Kingdom, whose Prime Minister Theresa  May just met with President Trump last week, came out against the  order; and more than a million Britons signed a petition to have the  British Government rescind its invitation to President Trump to travel  to London for a state visit.   Iraq, Iran, Brussels, Scotland, Norway, nation after nation have come  out to protest this terrible, dangerous policy.   It is going to be up to our next Secretary of State to repair and  rebuild these relationships and the reputation of the United States of  America. So much damage has been done in just 12 days.   My colleagues Senator McCain and Senator Graham said in a statement  this weekend: ``This Executive order sends a signal, intended or not,  that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,'' and  indeed it does.   So is Rex Tillerson the right individual to set our Nation back on a  firm and steady course? Is he the right person to guide us through this  volatile international landscape, where we need to rebuild alliances  and restore leadership?   In short, the answer is that Rex Tillerson is not the right man to do  it.   Forty years in the oil and gas market, 40 years in an oil company are  good preparations for leading an oil company but not good preparation  for leading the United States of America in international relations,  not good preparation for serving as our top diplomat, putting out  fires, calming fears, communicating our policies to the world in this  volatile moment in history.   During the hearing, there were a series of questions really related  to one's moral compass in leading the foreign policy of the United  States of America. One of the questions I asked about was Exxon's  effort to set up a subsidiary to evade American sanctions on Iran and  what did he feel about that as a leader of Exxon. He responded by  saying: I don't have any memory of this. Really? The top management of  Exxon decides to set up a subsidiary to circumvent American sanctions  on Iran with a great deal of national security at stake, and he has no  memory? Well, that was certainly a disappointing comment and an  unbelievable statement.    How about when we asked him about Exxon lobbying against U.S.  sanctions on Russia because of its annexation of Crimea and the holding  of territory in the eastern part of Ukraine? He said: Oh, Exxon didn't  lobby on this. Yet the lobbying reports were right there. We have  transparency on this. Millions of dollars were spent lobbying on this  issue, and they certainly weren't lobbying for U.S. sanctions. This was  a second extraordinary statement by the nominee.   I then asked the nominee about Exxon's pattern of working with  dictators to take the royalties for oil and funnel them to the  dictator's family rather than to the treasury. This is particularly  true in Equatorial Guinea where President Obiang has declared himself  President for life. His response was simply: But Senator, we weren't  successfully prosecuted for violating the law. That is not a statement  related to moral compass and understanding. Certainly, when a company  takes a nation's treasure and diverts it into the pockets of a  dictator, you are affecting the lives of hundreds of thousands of  people. Certainly, the people of Equatorial Guinea are a poor people  who could use those resources for health care, for transportation  systems. The President of Equatorial Guinea is famous for filling a  plane with fancy sports cars from Europe and flying them to Equatorial  Guinea. And how does he do that? Because Exxon steered the royalties  for that nation's oil into the pockets of the dictator, but we didn't  get any sense that there was any concern about the impact that it had  on the people of that nation.   Members of the committee asked him about the extrajudicial killings  by police officers in the Philippines--the extrajudicial killings  ordered by President Duterte. Young men were shot down in the street. I  think at last count an estimated 4,000 to 6,000 young men were  assassinated in the street, and he simply said: I need to get more  information. This is not something that has been hidden on the back  pages of the newspaper; this is something fundamentally contrary to the  principles of due process and justice that our Nation stands for.  Couldn't the nominee have expressed that this is completely in  violation of our core principles? But he had no ability to do so.   We come then to global warming, an impact that is occurring right now  on the ground in my State. The burning of coal, oil, and natural gas,  causing an accumulation of carbon dioxide and an accumulation of  methane, is resulting in the acidification of the ocean. That is  causing oysters to have difficulty reproducing because it affects the  formation of their shells at the beginning of their life. The higher  acidity makes it harder to form shells.   We see global warming in Oregon in terms of a longer fire season with  more  [[Page S521]]  intense fires. It is burning more forest there than ever before. We see  it in terms of a lower average snowpack on the Cascades that is causing  significant drought and smaller and warmer trout streams. This isn't  some strange phenomenon that we imagine might happen in the future; it  is happening at this moment. We have high tides that are now covering  the sidewalks of cities on sunny days. We have moose dying of ticks  because it is not cold enough to kill the ticks in the winter. We have  lobsters off Maine traveling further into Canada while they start to  get fish from the Carolinas. It is everywhere we look. It impacts the  economy of our country, particularly our rural economy of fishing,  forestry, and farming. His response was simply: We need to keep talking  to people about it. He says it is an issue, not particularly urgent,  not necessitating American leadership, but just something we should be  at the table for--not at the table to urge others, just be at the  table. That certainly misses the size of this challenge to our planet.   Here we are, 12 days into the Presidency with major international  problems occurring, and we have a nominee who, on issue after issue  after issue, lacked a moral compass or insight about the complexity of  issues, about the principles of our Nation. So for these reasons, I am  voting against the nominee.   I may well be back to extend my remarks at another moment, but I am  delighted to yield to my colleague from New Mexico who is standing by  to make his remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   