 Mr. Speaker, I'd first like to thank  Chairman Brady for his strong support of my bill, the veterans Equal  Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now (VETERAN) Act. This important  legislation, which passed the Ways and Means Committee with bipartisan  support, seeks to ensure all eligible veterans have access to quality,  affordable private health insurance.   Mr. Speaker, I spent 29 years in the U.S. Air Force, so I understand  the sacrifices our veterans have made to protect the freedom and  individual liberties of each American. In return for their faithful  service, these brave men and women are promised that when they return  home, they will have access to affordable healthcare through the VA.   However, some some veterans decide to forgo VA coverage and instead  choose to enroll in other health coverage--as is their right. But  regardless of their eligibility for VA health coverage, veterans should  have the opportunity to choose the best health care option to meet  their needs. It is only fair that our veterans are given the same  opportunities as the citizens they defend.   With respect to the American Health Care Act, some folks have raised  concerns about the eligibility of certain veterans to receive tax  credits for health insurance. Specifically in question are veterans who  are eligible for, but not enrolled in, VA Health Coverage. Make no  mistake about it, we must ensure that these veterans have the same  access to the tax credits provided by The American Health Care Act as  any other American would.   That's where my bill, The Veteran Act, comes into play. My bill would  simply put into law a guarantee that veterans can indeed get these tax  credits to purchase health insurance in the individual market. Without  The Veteran Act, the eligibility of America's veterans for AHCA tax  credits would be left in the hands of IRS bureaucrats. That would be a  mistake. This is too important of an issue to leave in the hands of the  IRS. Bottom-line: this is a belt-and-suspenders approach to ensure  veterans have access to these tax credits.   It's important to note that the American Health Care Act initially  proposed to provide tax credits to veterans, but this language had to  be removed due to reconciliation rules. While I was disappointed that  this section was removed, I am glad we are doing the right thing today.   I would note that this legislation has received the support of  several veterans' organizations, including:   (1) The Paralyzed Veterans of America;   (2) The Association of the United States Navy; and   (3) The Retired Enlisted Association.   As I stated earlier, our veterans should have choice in where they  receive their healthcare, just like the American citizens they defend.  I think that's something we can all agree upon. And in that spirit, I  think this bill is something we can all get behind. I ask my colleagues  for their support of The Veteran Act.   To our veterans and their families, I thank you for your service. God  bless you, and God bless America. I salute you.   