 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 460, the  bipartisan Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act,  legislation I introduced with my colleague from Vermont, Congressman  Welch.   This bill helps fix the significant problems rural Iowans and other  rural Americans face from dropped and poor quality calls. Reliable  communication is critical for our constituents to live their lives, for  our businesses to succeed, and for our communities to thrive. Yet, in  rural States and areas across America, phone calls are not getting  through or the connection and quality are poor.   Telephone companies often rely on intermediate providers, who are  paid to route calls from larger networks to local service providers.  Much of the time, this is to mixed results.   There simply is no excuse for these intermediate providers to not  fulfill their contracts and leave our rural constituents with  unreliable communication service. Dropped, looped, or poor quality  calls hurt rural America's quality of life, impacting our small  businesses, farmers, consumers, and our families who are in need of  emergency assistance and public services. It also gives unfair blame to  our essential local service providers when they are not the problem,  they are the solution.   A family in rural America should not be disadvantaged because of  where they live. Iowa businesses should have the same communication  access to conduct daily businesses as those in urban areas.   Improving rural call completion rates and quality are important to  ensuring the survival of small towns and granting Americans the choice  to live and thrive in whatever community is best for them and their  family, rural, urban, or anywhere in between.   Our bill will help address this problem by requiring providers to  register with the FCC in order to meet quality standards and ensure  reliable phone service in rural areas. It also prohibits providers from  using intermediary routing services not registered with the FCC.   I want to personally thank Chairman Blackburn and Ranking Member  Pallone for their attention to this important issue, as well as my  partner in this, Congressman Welch, for the opportunity to get this  bill passed. This bill did pass the House in the 114th Congress, and I  am hopeful we can get the partnership we need from the Senate to get  this to the finish line. Rural Americans deserve it.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Welch), a  distinguished colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee.   