 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 619, I  call up the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to  title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year  2018, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend  their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1, the bill  currently under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, today the full House begins consideration of H.R. 1, the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, historic tax reform legislation that will  revitalize our economy and provide lasting tax relief to Americans of  all walks of life.   Over 30 years have gone by since the last overhaul of our Nation's  tax system. In that time, our Tax Code has become one of the most  complicated, unfair, and uncompetitive in the world. Today it is  impacting nearly every aspect of Americans' lives, and not for the  better.   The overwhelming complexity of today's system forces American  taxpayers to spend billions of hours and billions of dollars every year  just filing their taxes. Trillions of dollars in carve-outs and  loopholes give favoritism to Washington special interests while  hardworking Americans get nothing but frustration.   With some of the highest tax rates in the world for our businesses,  we are seeing good-paying American jobs and manufacturing plants move  overseas one after the other.   Today, with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we change all of this. With  this bill, we have an opportunity to deliver the most transformational  tax overhaul in a generation. But make no mistake, this bill is not  about us. It is not about Congress. This bill is about--for the first  time in decades--providing the American people with a simple and fair  tax system, so much so that nine out of ten Americans will be able to  file using a simple postcard-style system. It is about finally  rewarding hard work, growing jobs and paychecks, and allowing Americans  to keep more of their hard-earned money to use on whatever is important  to them.   So if you are one of the millions of Americans who is sick of today's  Tax Code, you are going to see a remarkable difference. You will see  the standard deduction doubled, increasing to protect more of every  paycheck from taxes. You will have a larger child tax credit, providing  more support as you raise a family and care for your loved ones. More  Americans will get help raising their kids.   You will have peace of mind when it comes to life's most important  investments because this bill preserves tax benefits to help you afford  your home, to pay your property taxes, and put your kids through  college.   So if you are a typical middle-income family of four making $59,000 a  year, you are going to get a tax cut of nearly $1,200. More than that,  you are going to enjoy the benefits of a strong, healthy, and growing  American economy. You are going to see more jobs on Main Street.   With this bill, our small businesses will finally have low tax rates  and a fair Tax Code that works with them as they grow and create jobs.  You are going to see our larger businesses--our iconic American brands  and our major manufacturers--win throughout the world and create new,  good-paying jobs right here at home because, with this bill, we are  going to have one of the most modern and one of the most competitive  Tax Codes on the planet. That includes lowering our corporate rate from  35 to 20 percent, which beats many of our international competitors.   Not only are you going to see jobs stop leaving the United States,  you are going to see our Nation become a 21st  [[Page H9346]]  century magnet for job creation and business investment.   With the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the American people will see and help  lead the way in launching a new era of Made in America innovation. In  the end, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a striking alternative to the  broken Tax Code we have today. It represents a bold path forward that  will allow us as a country to break out of the slow-growth status quo  once and for all.   Mr. Speaker, the American people have waited years--decades--for a  fair, simple, and competitive Tax Code. Right now, in this moment, we  stand on the doorstep of delivering the most sweeping tax overhaul  since President Reagan's reforms in 1986. Like President Reagan back  then, President Trump is now putting his full support behind this  effort.   Let's pass this historic bill and take another step forward in  delivering bold, pro-growth, pro-family tax reform for Americans  throughout this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, I will note that, in the district of my good friend from  Massachusetts, the average family of four making $87,000 will see a tax  cut of $2,032.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Roskam), chairman of the Tax Policy Subcommittee and a leader in the  tax reform effort.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Reichert), chairman of the Trade Subcommittee and  a champion for working families.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from  [[Page H9348]]  Nebraska (Mr. Smith), chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee and  a champion for agriculture.    Mr. Speaker, Massachusetts will gain 24,000 jobs;  families will see a $3,000 increase in their paychecks.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Paulsen), a key member of our committee and a leader in technology and  employee stock options.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Tennessee (Mrs. Black), the chair of the Budget Committee who  cleared the path for this progrowth tax reform.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to  the gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Meehan), one of the key members of our Tax  Policy Subcommittee and a champion for working men and women.    Mr. Speaker, under tax reform, California will  grow 111,000 new jobs, and paychecks will increase by nearly $3,000.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota  (Mrs. Noem), a champion of family-owned farms and businesses.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman's constituents in  Virginia's District 11, with average household earnings of $136,000,  with two kids, will see a tax cut of $5,008.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Barr).    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from  Kentucky for his leadership here.   Mr. Speaker, we will work together for a mutually accepted solution  to make sure we exempt work colleges to use their endowments to provide  tuition-free education.    Mr. Speaker, I would note that the constituents  in California's 13th District, a median family of four earning $107,000  will see a tax cut of $2,589.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia  (Mr. McKinley).    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McKinley for his passion  about making sure our smaller communities can revitalize and grow and  about the role of the historic preservation tax credit in doing that. I  commit to working with him and continuing to work with him on this  issue because I know the importance of it.    Mr. Speaker, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, in the Fifth District of Massachusetts, a median household of four  earning $143,000 will see a tax cut of $5,208.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Reed), one of our key leaders on tax reform on the Ways and Means  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I am proud the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act for that family of four in Ohio, in the Ninth District, a $64,000  household, will see a tax cut of $1,284.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Turner).    Madam Speaker, I inadvertently cut the gentleman  short. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Turner  and Mr. Davis for raising this important issue. On the committee,  Representatives Meehan and Lynn Jenkins led the discussion and share  your sentiments.   I have a keen interest in this issue. I will work with you toward a  positive solution on tuition assistance in conference with the Senate.    Madam Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for  families of four in Vermont, making $89,000, will see a tax cut of  $2,030.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana  (Mrs. Walorski), one of our key leaders championing for small business.   Madam Speaker, I also ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Roskam) be permitted to control the balance of my time.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Madam Speaker, I thank both the gentlewoman and  the gentleman for stepping forward and being such strong advocates for  taxpayers in a State that taxes its families and businesses, I think,  almost beyond belief.   Our goal in tax reform is to achieve tax relief for families and  individuals across the country, regardless of where you live, and  across all incomes, while, at the same time, unleashing the economic  engine for American economic growth.   California, by the way, under tax reform, is the number one job  creator under the new Tax Code.   So I agree with the gentleman and the gentlewoman. There are still  some areas where we want to make and will make improvements in this  bill. If they will work with us to continue to move this process  forward, I am happy to commit to working with both of them to ensure we  reach a positive outcome for their constituents and families as we  reconcile our differences with the Senate.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, Washington is just hilarious.   Lawmakers back home tell everyone they are for tax reform, until it  comes actually time to do it. Everyone says they want a fairer,  flatter, simpler Tax Code, as long as you keep every special interest  provision in this big, fat, messed-up Tax Code.   Everyone says they want to give people back more of what they earned  and get Main Street businesses going, as long as you don't change  anything in the Tax Code. As long as the lobbyists win and the American  people lose, they are willing to talk about it.   House Republicans are actually acting on tax reform for the first  time in 31 years.   In Washington, they sneer at that family of four back home making  $59,000 a year. That is the average household. Under our tax reform,  they pay $1,182 less that they keep in their pocket. Washington makes  fun of that. That is real money for families.    A firefighter making $48,000 a year keeps over $1,300. That single  mom working hard every day making $30,000 a year has a $700 larger  refund than she gets today.   That Main Street startup business working I don't know how many  hours, making $62,000 a year--that was my Chamber of Commerce member  right there--in that startup business, they keep $3,007 more than they  do today. Washington just laughs at that. But it is real money for real  people.   In my district, a family of four making $90,000--two teachers--keeps  $2,176 more every year of their life from this.   My friends on the Democrat side now worry about the debt. I remember  the first year Democrats took control of the House, they doubled the  deficit. The second year, they tripled it. The third year, it went to  $1 trillion. It stayed that way until the American people gave the  House back to Republicans.   They love spending money and raising the deficit when they let  Washington grow, but when it is time to grow jobs and paychecks, all of  a sudden they are worried about the debt.   The truth of the matter is we want to keep this debt and deficits  going. Don't change anything. Keep this slow-growth economy, keep  spending, and I guarantee you debts and deficits will grow.   We are talking about growing jobs, growing paychecks, and getting  back to a balanced budget by getting this economy moving in a big way.   At the end of the day, it is time to end the status quo in  Washington, D.C. Americans deserve a fair, flatter Tax Code, one that  closes loopholes and ends special interest deductions so that Americans  can keep more of what they earn, so their paychecks can raise and our  businesses can compete and win anywhere in the world, especially here  at home America.   It is time our jobs start coming back to America, rather than  watching them go: our jobs, research, manufacturing patents, our  headquarters. That era is over, and it starts with H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act.  [[Page H9361]]    We will continue this debate tomorrow, Madam Speaker, so we will  continue to deliver tax reform and tax cuts for the American people.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   