 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I understand that we had originally  scheduled for, in about 1 minute, a vote on cloture on the new Iran  sanctions bill. I understand that the cloture vote has been delayed  until early this afternoon.   This comes on the heels of an announcement of very sad news from  Iran. I would certainly be among the first to note that some of the  people in Iran, the Revolutionary Guard and some of their leadership,  support terrorism. They wish ill for us and for our country.   That same country had elections about 2 weeks ago, and the results of  those elections were surprising, even for me, but encouraging. The  results of the election found that President Rouhani, one of the  leaders of reform and one of the modern elements within that country,  was reelected by a resounding majority--close to 60 percent of the  vote. Although the Supreme Leader thought it would be a one-on-one race  for the Presidency, in spite of that, Rouhani was reelected, and we  congratulate him. There were a number of municipal elections across the  country, most prominently in Tehran where the hard-line mayor of Tehran  has been ousted, and moderate forces seem to have made real,  encouraging progress from my perspective and I think the perspective of  most Americans.    One of the things the Iranians do, which is troubling to me and I  think to others in this country, is continue to test ballistic missiles  in what we believe is in violation of the United Nations' decision.  Iranians are not violating the agreement that was entered into among  five nations, including the United States and Iran, roughly 2 years ago  in Iran's nuclear joint agreement. They are not violating that, but  they are violating other U.N. sanctions.   So this revised sanctions bill, which was scheduled to be debated  today and maybe voted on later this week--at least the start of the  debate on whether they are going to proceed to the bill--has been  delayed until this afternoon. I urge us to consider delaying further  action on this Iran sanctions measure today or this week.   The term ``adding insult to injury'' comes to mind. I try to use the  Golden Rule to figure out what I should do and how I should behave as a  human being, and I think maybe we ought to consider the Golden Rule in  this case as well. Iran is not necessarily our close friend. They are  not our close ally. I think the potential is there for having a much  better relationship as a young generation of Iranians grows up and  eventually assumes the leadership of their country.   It is a country of 80 million people, over half of them under the age  of 25. They had a revolution in 1979 and captured our Embassy. They  held our people for a year or more until after the 1980 Presidential  election. Our relations with Iran have been difficult since that time  but more encouraging of late--again, a young country of 80 million  people, more than half under the age of 25.   The younger generation there wants to have a good relationship with  the rest of the world, a better relationship with the rest of the  world, and certainly a better relationship with us. I have talked with  a number of American leaders, including senior American leaders, who  have been to Iran in recent years and were surprised by the warm  welcome they received.   It reminds me very much of the warm welcome I received leading a  congressional delegation to Vietnam in August of 1991 to find out what  happened to thousands of MIAs. We were expecting to be met by suspicion  and hostility, and we were warmly embraced at that time. Six of us-- Democratic and Republican Congressmen--were there to present to the  leadership of Vietnam on behalf of the George Herbert Walker Bush  administration a roadmap to normalize relations if they would do a  number of things to enable us to find out what happened to thousands of  our MIAs. We presented that proposal. John Kerry and John McCain worked  very hard on the Senate side and at the same time in Southeast Asia as  well. We ended up with normalized relations within a few years of our  visit. One of the members of my delegation, Pete Peterson, became our  first U.S. Ambassador to Vietnam.   I mention that today because of the hostility we felt toward Vietnam  for  [[Page S3304]]  many years during the war and after the war and the suspicion that they  were holding thousands of our MIAs as POWs, which turned out not to be  true. But our efforts, along with those of Senator McCain, Senator  Kerry, and others, ended up providing information about the missing and  the closure we hoped for hundreds of families of Americans who had lost  their loved ones in Vietnam and never recovered their remains--although  some of their remains were recovered and returned to the families.   I mention it today because a year ago in Vietnam, with President  Obama and Secretary Kerry, and at a time when the Vietnamese were  announcing they were going to buy billions of dollars' worth of our  Boeing aircraft--we are their top trading partner, and they were going  to be an integral part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership that we  negotiated, along with other nations. Sadly, that has gone away. I  think one of the biggest mistakes of this Congress and the last was to  let the transpacific trade partnership die. But Vietnam was a key  member of that.   It is kind of ironic to me that a nation with whom we fought in a  war, where the names of 55,000 who died are at the Vietnam Memorial-- not even 2 miles from where I am standing right now--yet, since the  1970s we have let bygones be bygones and have a much better  relationship with Vietnam. They are still Communist, and they are still  a one-party system, but they have high regard toward Americans.   Rather remarkably, we learned last April when we were there that they  had two surveys done of the Vietnamese people this last year. One  survey found that 85 percent of the people surveyed had favorable  opinions of the United States, more than any other nation in the world.  In the second survey, we learned that about 95 percent of the  Vietnamese people had favorable opinions of the United States, more  than any other nation on Earth.   Again, we are their top trading partner these days, and they are  buying a lot of the products we manufacture and sell. If that  relationship can change, I think there is reason to hope our  relationship with Iran can change.   We have our pages here. If it were left to the generation the age of  our pages or maybe their parents, it would be a brandnew day in Iran.  But change is happening there.   The question is, on the heels of this attack by ISIS, with whom we  have bitter differences and a hotly contested armed conflict--for us to  somehow, on the heels of two attacks by ISIS in Iran, one on the  Parliament and the other apparently on the mausoleum for the former  Ayatollah, where a dozen or more people have been killed, 40-something  wounded--does it make sense for us to take up the Iran sanctions bill  today? I don't think so.   My reading of the Golden Rule, treating other people the way we want  to be treated, would suggest this might not be the right day to do  this--next week, maybe; today, no. I call on our leadership to hit the  pause button. There is not a need to rush on this.   The Iran sanctions bill, which is coming to us today, is a much more  thoughtful approach than was originally contemplated by the Foreign  Relations Committee. They have done a very nice job of improving what I  thought was a badly flawed earlier effort. But this might be a good day  to hit the pause button. Instead of rubbing salt into a wound, let's  wait a few days and consider what to do. If we were in their shoes, I  think we would appreciate that gesture. If we were in their shoes, I  think the idea of their taking this kind of action or step against us  on a day that we have been attacked by ISIS would not be well received.  It would be badly received. So I think we ought to treat them the same  way.   I think that is pretty much it. I appreciate the chance to come to  the floor and say a few words. I call on leadership to delay this vote  on cloture and to delay the vote on the underlying bill until next  week. When we do the underlying bill on Iran sanctions, let's couple it  with something that includes some of the very thoughtful work going on  with respect to Russia, which really is creating mischief in this  country--not just with elections but otherwise as well--and maybe do a  package that includes both together. That might make a lot more sense,  and the timing would be a lot better.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   