 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1029, the Pesticide Registration  Enhancement Act of 2017.   Once again, Madam Speaker, I stand before you to urge the passage of  H.R. 1029. As we know, the Environmental Protection Agency is  responsible for regulating the sale, use, and distribution of  pesticides. To facilitate and expedite that pesticide approval process,  pesticide manufacturers have long supplemented the EPA's annual budget.  This system allows the products to be reviewed in a timely manner,  without sacrificing environmental and safety protections. It is truly a  win-win for both manufacturers and consumers, and, as you heard Mr.  Davis speak about, it is a clear example of government at its best. It  is exactly why I enjoy working on the Committee on Agriculture. It is  exactly why I enjoy working with people such as Rodney Davis. We have a  bipartisan, effective, public-private legislative solution for a more  predictable pesticide evaluation process that literally helps  everybody.   The Pesticide Registration Enhancement Act, H.R. 1029, is an  exceptional piece of legislation not only because it is supported by a  unique coalition of pesticide registrants, environmental groups, and  agricultural labor representatives, but H.R. 1029 provides a more  effective, predictable, and transparent pesticide evaluation process.  It promotes shorter review periods for reduced-risk pesticides and  enhances scientific and regulatory activities related to farmworker  protection.   My district on the central coast of California is not only bountiful  in its agriculture, it is absolutely beautiful with its environment.  Therefore, we on the central coast work hard to find that balance of  being known as the salad bowl of the world and one of the most scenic  places in the world. That is why our agriculture producers are the most  thoughtful stewards of the land and recognize the need to protect the  environment and the natural resources.   This legislation facilitates that balance. This legislation provides  a unique coalition building and encourages the agriculture industry to  work with environmentalists. Thus, H.R. 1029 helps all of us who live  and work in our community and, ultimately, our country. That is why I  am absolutely honored to speak in this debate, humbled to share the  floor with Representative Davis, and why I urge all my colleagues to  support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   