 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with my colleagues on the floor to talk about Police Week.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, during this week, all across the country,  people are honoring the men and women who serve as law enforcement  officials. Clearly, they deserve and receive recognition every day for  what they do, but this is an incredibly difficult job.   Last night, I was with some of our officers from Missouri and with  family members, and I said: A lot of times, it is easier for you to  walk out the door than it is for your family to see you walk out the  door, not knowing what you are going to face every day.   When Senator Coons and I came to the Senate 7 years ago, we created  and cochaired the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. It is a privilege to  be part of that and also to speak today on behalf of those who serve  us.   This is a week in which we take a moment to recognize the law  enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.  Today, I want to pay tribute to three Missouri law enforcement officers  who were killed in the line of duty this past year. Master Sergeant  Carl T. Cosper of the Barry County Sheriff's Office was one of those,  as were Officer Blake Curtis Snyder of the St. Louis County Police  Department and Deputy Sheriff Paul Allen Clark of the St. Francois  County Sheriff's Office.   Just last month, Master Sergeant Cosper was killed in a vehicle  collision while responding to a domestic disturbance call. He had  served the Barry County Sheriff's Office for 10 years before that fatal  accident.   In October of 2016, Officer Blake Snyder was shot and killed while  responding to a disturbance. He had served the St. Louis County Police  Department for 4 years. He is survived by his wife and their 2-year-old  son. I had a chance last night to visit with his wife again. Elizabeth  and her brother Justin, also a police officer in St. Louis County, were  here earlier this year to talk about police and families and what we  need to do to really express our understanding of what those families  go through, their strength and their reliance, both humbling and  inspiring, and I am sure they are passing along those very values to  Blake's 2-year-old son.   In July of 2016, Deputy Sheriff Paul Clark died from complications  related to injuries he sustained in October of 2015 when he was  intentionally struck by a stolen vehicle near Desloge, MO. Deputy Clark  had served the St. Francois County Sheriff's Department for 13 years  and had previously served with the Park Hills Police Department for 5  years. He is survived by his wife, two children, and by their  grandchildren.   All of these individuals are heroes, and our prayers remain with  their families.   Let me now turn to Senator Coons. As I said earlier, he and I founded  the Law Enforcement Caucus when we came to the Senate. We try on a  regular basis to have opportunities to talk about policing practices,  family challenges, and mental health issues that police deal with every  day. I turn to Senator Coons for some comments.    Mr. President, before we turn to Senator Cornyn, I want to  mention his leadership in the National Criminal Justice Commission Act  and also thank Senator Grassley for moving the Law Enforcement Mental  Health and Wellness Act out of his committee this week. Those are two  of the things we clearly can do that will make a difference to people  in law enforcement and their families, and there has been no more  strident advocate of families or those who serve in law enforcement  than the Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority whip.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Coons.   The pieces of legislation to support officers and their families are  wide ranging, even legislation to be voted out of the Judiciary  Committee today. It was exactly 1 year ago today that President Obama  signed the Fallen Heroes Flag Act into law. This is a bill that I  introduced along with my colleague that provides that American flags be  flown over the U.S. Capitol and given to the families of firefighters,  law enforcement officers, and other first responders who lose their  lives in the line of duty.   As Senator Klobuchar so well pointed out, these are the people who  run to danger when the rest of us are able to head the other way. We  are grateful to them and grateful for them.   Mr. President, I think we will yield the floor with great  appreciation for the law enforcement officers who are being recognized  this week. There are still too many names that Senator Grassley  mentioned who will be added to the over 20,000 officers who have lost  their lives in the line of duty since the country was founded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   