 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Clay) for his leadership on this very important piece of legislation. I  also thank the distinguished chairman of our full committee for his  leadership in moving this through.   The Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2017, I think, fall  under the umbrella of good government, which the Oversight and  Government Reform Committee, at its best, strives to promote on a  bipartisan basis. I am proud, as Mr. Clay indicated, to be an original  cosponsor of the bill.   We welcome consideration of the Federal Advisory Committee Act  Amendments, which would improve the transparency and accountability of  Federal advisory committees, often arcane, Byzantine parts of the  government most of the public can't access.   This crucial piece of legislation ensures that the selection process  of advisory committee members takes place without regard to political  affiliation and requires the disclosure of potential conflicts of  interest.   The Federal Advisory Committee Act, FACA, enacted on October 6, 1972,  formalized the process for establishing, operating, overseeing, and  terminating Federal advisory committees. Federal advisory committees  provide a mechanism for government officials to gain knowledge from  Federal and non-Federal experts on key policy matters. FACA ensures  Federal advisory committees, however, are both transparent and  accessible.   FACA was enacted in response to concerns that Federal advisory  committees were becoming increasingly common but had little oversight  or accountability. The then-House Committee on Government Operations  listened to concerns over the lack of transparency and formalized a  governance process for these advisory bodies by establishing the  Committee Management Secretariat within the General Services  Administration to monitor compliance with the new law. The intent of  that law was to make Federal advisory committees more accountable, more  transparent, balanced, and independent from the influence of special  interests.   This bill before us today, inspired by Mr. Lacy's leadership, will  help strengthen the independence of those advisory committees by  requiring members to be selected without regard to partisan  affiliation. It is imperative that the recommendations and guidance of  the committees be provided free of political influence, pressure, and  intervention.   The bill closes the loophole that allows subcommittees to operate  outside of the regulations of FACA. It also improves the transparency  of advisory committees by requiring agency heads to obtain conflict of  interest disclosures from all committee members serving as individual  experts.   H.R. 2347 builds upon the accountability of the advisory committees  by explicitly stating that committees established by contractors must  comply with the law and that individuals who regularly attend and  participate as if they are members are considered members regardless of  their ability to vote.   This bill also calls on the Government Accountability Office to  review and report regularly on agency compliance.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Byrne). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, last Congress, the Committee on Oversight  and Government Reform reported this bill favorably by unanimous  consent.   I urge my colleagues to continue Congress' longstanding support of  oversight, accountability, and transparency and vote for this  thoughtful and important piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my friend, Mr. Clay, for  his leadership and for his kindness.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Thoroughly Investigating  Retaliation Against Whistleblowers Act--a mouthful, but it captures  what we are trying to do.   I certainly appreciate Mr. Blum's efforts to advance legislation that  authorizes the Office of Special Counsel and protects whistleblowers in  the Federal Government, an effort the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee strives to promote when we are at our best on a bipartisan  basis, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the bill.   I welcome consideration of this bill which would reaffirm Congress'  commitment to whistleblowers, upholding the Oversight and Government  Reform Committee's obligation to protect those whistleblowers that help  identify mismanagement, waste, and fraud at Federal agencies and to  support the oversight work of Congress. That is Congress at its best.   With the enactment of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989, OSC  became an independent agency within the executive branch. Its mission  is to safeguard the merit system of protecting Federal employees from  prohibitive personnel practices, especially reprisal from  whistleblowing. OSC provides employees a mechanism for disclosing  wrongdoing in government agencies and provides advice on the Hatch Act,  which restricts political activity by government employees generally.   OSC enforces employment rights under the Uniformed Services  Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 for Federal employees  who serve or have served in the uniformed services. Congress last  reauthorized OSC for the period 2003 to 2007. Due in part to Congress'  emphasis on transparency in government, OSC has experienced significant  growth in its caseload since its last reauthorization. In the past 5  years, that caseload has increased, Mr. Speaker, by 58 percent.   This bill reauthorizes the agency from 2016 through 2020 and makes  several important changes to assist OSC in carrying out its vital  mission. The bill codifies OSC's current practice of providing  important performance metrics in its annual reports to the Congress and  requires additional metrics to support congressional oversight of its  effectiveness.   Last Congress, this bill was successfully passed out of our committee  on, I believe, a unanimous basis. I urge my colleagues to continue  Congress' longstanding tradition of support for oversight,  accountability, whistleblower protection, and transparency, and vote in  the affirmative for the Thoroughly Investigating Retaliation Against  Whistleblowers Act.   