 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the privilege to address  you and the privilege to address the House here, and I thank the  gentleman from New Jersey for recognizing me to say a few words here.   This week, when we go down to the Mall to March for Life, we will see  the tens of thousands of faces, many of them young people, especially  young ladies that are there to stand up and defend life.   I hear the debate here on the floor of the House of Representatives,  and I have listened to the gentleman who spoke on the Democrat side of  this aisle who lamented that there would be 18 million people pushed  off of their healthcare if we repeal the Affordable Care Act. If you  want to use the technical term, it is named the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act, and it is not the right name for it.   It won't be 18 million. It won't be half of that. But to listen to  the lament that some people might go without--not health care, that is  another misnomer--health insurance for a little while, that is their  concern?   Well, we are here talking about more than 58 million little babies-- little babies that are created in God's image and formed in the womb,  as we heard Tim Walberg speak a little earlier. They are the love of  our lives. I have never known anyone who had a baby in their arms and  felt that little baby--that little baby is forming, that little baby  cooing, that special little baby smell, to witness the miracle of that  little baby, I have never known a mother or a father that said: I wish  this child had never been born. But that is what has happened to more  than 58 million little miracles.   We are here; we are a moral standard. People say you can't legislate  morality. Well, a reflection of morality is in the Federal code, and it  is in the State laws all across this land.   The question that doesn't seem to be answered generally by people on  the other side of the aisle--and I am grateful for the pro-life  Democrats that we have who have joined us year after year.   I would pose the question to those who oppose the pro-life movement:  Do you believe that human life is sacred in all of its forms? Is there  anybody over there that would deny that, that human life is sacred in  all of its forms? Not one of you. Not one of you will stand up and wave  your arm and say: let me yield to you and say why that is not true.   It is true. We know. Human life is sacred in all of its forms. Once  we understand that--now, you can stipulate that. You have by your  silence--that human life is sacred in all of its forms, there is only  one other question: Since we have to protect human life in all of its  forms then at what moment does life begin? At what moment, ladies and  gentlemen?   Well, we know that we can only identify a single moment. As much as  we know about biology--and we know plenty--one single moment is the  moment of conception. From that moment, it is a unique life with the  chromosomes matched up and the DNA that will never change for a  lifetime, that unique individual.   Did you ever think that God's creation of us--there are over 7  billion human beings on the planet. Each one of us is created in his  image, each one of us is unique. Think of 7 billion faces and no two of  them are alike. Every face on the planet is distinct and unique, and it  matches up with none of the faces that are in the grave today. And  nobody's face matches up with any of the faces that will be born in  future years or millennia.   Each face of God's creation is unique. What is the best way we can  tell each other apart? Look at the visage of our faces. It is a  uniqueness that God created within us that is part of how we interact  with each other. It is how we should love each other and appreciate  each other and draw those distinctions so that we can respect everyone  as having their own unique life.   So you have stipulated that human life is sacred in all of its forms.  So the next question I have to ask you is: Well, at what moment does  life begin? What moment, what instant does life begin?   If you can pose another instant, another moment, other than  conception, I would listen to that. But I am not seeing anybody who  wants to step down and say that there is a distinct moment that life  begins, other than conception.   So I will make this case again: human life is sacred in all of its  forms; you stipulated that. The second is that it begins at the moment  of conception. Your silence has stipulated that.   So we have the whole argument wrapped up here, packaged in this  today. We need to defend human life in all of its forms. It is God's  gift to his creation. It is our obligation to defend it, and we can  defend it. We can defend it through legislation as we did today.   We should honor and respect the life of Henry Hyde, who contributed a  great deal to this Congress in his lifetime. We are working on the  foundation that he has laid down for us, and Representative Chris Smith  has assumed much of the role that Henry Hyde played here in this  Congress. We each had the privilege to serve with Henry Hyde. His  legacy remains, and we have the unique privilege and opportunity to  build on it. I suggest we continue to do so in every piece of  legislation that we can pass.   We anticipate appointments to the Supreme Court that will honor life  and  [[Page H671]]  recognize, also, as our Founding Fathers did when they drafted the  Declaration of Independence, that we have a right to life, to liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness. Don't try to package that up as three  equal values. They are not. They are prioritized rights. The right to  life supercedes the right to liberty, and the right to liberty  supersedes the right to the pursuit of happiness. No one in the pursuit  of their happiness can trample on someone's liberties. And no one can  claim they have the liberty to take the life of a baby because life is  paramount. That is the package. That is the argument that is here. We  need young people to grow up with that understanding and those values.   As we stand here tonight, Mr. Speaker, and as we work together in the  coming days and months--and I pray it is not years--one day we will see  this Nation that respects life from the moment of conception until  natural death.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from  Iowa's leadership, which has been over many decades. I want to thank  him for his eloquence and his steadfastness. The day will come when the  unborn are protected, and he will be a major part of that.   I would also concur with the gentleman from Iowa fully in how much we  miss the great Henry Hyde. He was extraordinary. He was irreplaceable.  And the fact that his amendment has saved 2 million lives, at least-- some estimates put it even higher--is a testimony to his vision, which  we now carry on with.   I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert). I again thank him  for his outspokenness on behalf of the weakest and most vulnerable.   