 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, my colleagues, cholera is a truly awful  way to die. It is a manmade disease, a man-caused disease that this  world could easily eradicate from existence. You become so dehydrated,  you vomit so much liquid, your body dispenses so many nutrients, so  much water through unending diarrhea, that your body is thrown into  shock. You literally die from vomiting and diarrhea, sometimes over the  course of hours, sometimes over the course of days, sometimes over the  course of weeks.   Inside Yemen today, by the end of this year, there will be 1 million  people diagnosed with cholera.   This picture I have in the Chamber is a hard image to see. I will  replace it with this one.   One million people will be diagnosed with cholera. Thousands and  thousands inside Yemen today are dying because of this disease. There  is a humanitarian catastrophe inside this country--which very few  people in this Nation can locate on a map--of absolutely epic  proportions. This humanitarian catastrophe, this famine--one of four  famines across the world today--is being caused in part by actions of  the United States of America, and it is time that we do something about  it as a body.   As we speak today, the Saudi-led coalition that has been engaged in  an incessant 2-year bombing campaign in Yemen is blockading Yemen, not  allowing any humanitarian relief, not allowing fuel or food or water to  get into the country.   The coalition's blockade has grounded U.N. flights. It has prevented  humanitarian workers from flying in and out of the country. It has  barred ships from delivering lifesaving food, fuel, and medical  supplies. A 25,000-metric-ton World Food Programme ship is currently,  as we speak, being denied access to the port. As we speak today,  hospitals and aid organizations inside Yemen are shutting down because  they do not have enough fuel to continue operating. Vaccines will run  out in the country by the end of the month. Prices for food and  medicine are spiking such that they are unaffordable to the majority of  Yemenis. Because of cholera alone, 2,000 people have died. Thousands of  other civilians have died because of other humanitarian nightmares,  including a lack of access to the medical system.   I mentioned that the blockade is being run by the Saudi-led  coalition. The United States is a member of that coalition. For 2  years, the United States has been aiding the Government of Saudi Arabia  in a bombing campaign of the Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen. That  bombing campaign caused this outbreak of cholera. Why is that? The  bombing campaign deliberately targeted the electricity grid of Yemen in  and around Sana'a, the capital controlled today by the Houthis. The  water treatment facility runs on the electricity from that grid.   As you can read in a lengthy story in the New York Times from 2 days  ago, the country no longer has the ability to treat water that goes to  its capital because the Saudi-led bombing campaign has knocked out  electricity. The fuel that has helped temporarily run the water  treatment facility is no longer available either because the Saudi-led  bombing campaign has targeted the infrastructure that allows for fuel  to be delivered. So today the water is undrinkable. It is toxic. Yet,  because there aren't other supplies of water, millions of Yemenis are  ingesting it. They are eating food that is also toxic because of the  inability to treat water, because of the flow of sewage and feces  throughout the capital city, and almost 1 million people have  contracted cholera.   That bombing campaign that targeted the electricity infrastructure in  Yemen could only happen with U.S. support. It is the United States that  provides the targeting assistance for the Saudi planes. It is U.S.  refueling planes flying in the sky around Yemen that restock the Saudi  fighter jets with fuel, allowing them to drop more ordnance. It is  U.S.-made and transferred ordnance that is carried on these planes and  dropped on civilian and infrastructure targets inside Yemen.   The United States is part of this coalition. The bombing campaign  that has caused the cholera outbreak could not happen without us. The  official position of the State Department with respect to the  blockade--which was imposed by the Saudis about a week ago--is that  they should end it, at least for the purposes of allowing humanitarian  resources into the country. That has not happened.   As I mentioned, there is literally a World Food Programme ship right  now with 25,000 metric tons of food waiting to get into the capital to  help families like this. So although that may be the official position  of the State Department, we clearly aren't articulating that position  to the Saudis because the Saudi blockade--which happens with U.S.  military support--continues. Maybe that is because the State Department  and the White House are simply operating on two different planets.  [[Page S7191]]    While on his trip to Asia, President Trump said that he has full  confidence in the Saudi King, that he knows what he is doing. Let me  tell you what he is doing. He is using starvation and disease as a  weapon of war, which is in contravention of international human rights  law. You cannot use starvation. You cannot intentionally cause this  kind of disease in order to try to win a military conflict. So maybe  the Saudis do know what they are doing, but what they are doing is a  gross violation of human rights law.   It would be one thing if the United States were a mere observer, but  we are a participant in this. This horror--I am sorry, it is hard to  see--is caused in part by our decision to facilitate a bombing campaign  that is murdering children and to endorse a Saudi strategy inside Yemen  that is deliberately using disease and starvation and the withdrawal of  humanitarian support as a tactic.   Last night, the House of Representatives passed a nonbinding  resolution making clear that there is no legal authorization for U.S.  participation in the Saudi-led campaign against the Yemeni people.  Importantly, the resolution also made clear that there are multiple bad  actors in Yemen today. The vast majority of cholera cases today--I  think upwards of 80 percent--are in Houthi-controlled areas. But the  Houthis do not have clean hands, and their patrons, the Iranians, do  not have clean hands. There have been human rights abuses and attacks  on civilian targets by the Houthi forces as well.   The Iranians should stand down immediately, as should the Saudis, as  they continue to whip up this proxy war between regional powers that is  killing civilians inside Yemen, but without U.S. leadership in the  region, there is no hope for that stand-down to happen.   In the Obama administration, at least Secretary Kerry was actively,  personally engaged in trying to bring some resolution to the civil war  inside Yemen. But since President Trump took office and Secretary  Tillerson became Secretary of State, there is zero U.S. leadership on  this question. We don't have an Assistant Secretary of State for the  Middle East. We don't have any envoy for this crisis. All we have is a  President who says that the Saudi Government knows what it is doing.   That kind of unconditional endorsement of intentional humanitarian  pain is un-American. We have stood up time and time again for human  rights all across the world. We have been the people who deliver  humanitarian salvation to people who are at risk of disease and famine  and death. And instead of rescuing the people of Yemen during this  moment of blockade, we are contributing to the deterioration of the  quality of life inside that country.   The Saudi blockade needs to end today. And a partial lifting of the  blockade is not enough. This morning, the coalition did say they are  going to allow some humanitarian access to the ports they control, but  we need access to the ports near where the majority of the population  actually lives--Hudaydah and Saleef. Allowing access to the ports that  the Saudis control--which are not the ports where the majority of  humanitarian aid flows through--is not sufficient. It will not do the  job. Medicine and vaccinations will continue to dry up. Price spikes  will continue to go through the roof. The cholera epidemic will  continue.   We have a responsibility as a nation to ensure that the coalition, of  which we are a part, is not using starvation as a weapon of war. This  will be a stain on the conscience of our Nation if we continue to  remain silent. I hope the Senate takes the same action that the House  did. I hope we make clear that there is no legal authorization for the  United States to be part of a war inside Yemen. Congress has not given  the authorization for this President to engage in these military  activities.   By the way, the civil war inside Yemen has aided the enemies we  actually have declared war against. Al-Qaida is getting stronger inside  Yemen because, as more and more of the country becomes ungovernable  because of this war, al-Qaida is moving into that territory. ISIS-- against which we have not declared war, but we are engaged in active  military activity in the region--is getting stronger there too.   So even if you don't believe there is a humanitarian imperative  attached to U.S. withdrawal from this coalition, there is a national  security imperative because we are just strengthening the most lethal  elements of the extremist movement worldwide.   I know many other Members of this body on both sides of the aisle  feel as strongly about this as I do. We are not going to get leadership  on this question from the administration. They have given a blank check  to the Saudis. They have turned a blind eye to this epidemic inside  Yemen--an epidemic that is getting worse by the day since the Saudi  blockade began. Leadership will have to come from this body.   We need to make clear to the administration that they do not have the  authority to continue to participate in this military coalition. We  need to press the administration to tell the Saudis to end this  blockade. We need to start using our ability as appropriators and  authorizers to send messages to the Saudis that this kind of conduct  cannot continue. We have tools at our disposal to lead as a Congress on  this question--the world's worst humanitarian catastrophe happening  right now, as we speak, getting worse by the hour inside Yemen. This  Congress, this Senate, cannot remain silent.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   