 Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Kaptur for her  outstanding leadership in this Congress and past Congresses. She has  been a beacon of hope for so many of my constituents and so many poor  and disenfranchised Americans. She never cowered in the face of those  who restrict the rights of all.   Ms. Kaptur has been my friend and someone whom I have shared so many  conversations with about justice and fighting for justice, creating a  nation where all people have the opportunity to have freedom, justice,  and equality. I want to commend her for being such a stalwart battler  for the people of America.   Mr. Speaker, today marks the 49th anniversary of one of the darkest  days in the history of this Nation: the day that Dr. Martin Luther  King, Jr., America's drum major for justice, was assassinated.   Dr. King was murdered while standing on the balcony of the Lorraine  Motel in Memphis, Tennessee, on April 4, 1968. He was there to advocate  for the rights of Black sanitation workers who were fighting for their  dignity: for equal pay, for equal treatment, and for racial justice in  the American workplace.   In one of the dimmest hours in our history, a voice of reason, a  voice of mercy, a voice of compassion, a voice for justice, a voice of  the beloved community was silenced. Yet, Mr. Speaker, his work to hold  the United States to its constitutional promises that are rooted in the  very fabric of our Declaration of Independence remains largely  incomplete.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, America remains a divided nation, even more  so now. We are tremendously disconnected from the ideals set forth by  Dr. King's monumental ``I Have a Dream'' speech. Today, we still live  in two Americas: one white and privileged, another filled with people  of color, the poor, the disabled, and those lost in the margins, where  people of color--Black and Brown--continue to be judged by the color of  their skin rather than the content of their character.   In the year 2017, Mr. Speaker, we find the names of countless men and  women who have lost their lives at the hands of too many law  enforcement officials and too many police departments all across this  country. Those individuals, Mr. Speaker, are now etched in the social  justice history of this Nation because they were first judged by the  color of their skin and not by the content of their character.   The list is far-reaching, Mr. Speaker. I am speaking of Michael  Brown, Tamir Rice, Freddie Gray, Laquan McDonald, Alton Sterling,  Philando Castile, Rekia Boyd, Tanisha Anderson, Yvette Smith, Shereese  Francis, and, lastly, 4-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones and so many, many  others. I could go on and on and on, but the names of the men, women,  and children victimized by errant and wayward police departments all  across this Nation would keep us here for days, even months, if we were  to recite them all.   These stalwart young citizens are joined also by the many martyrs who  lost their lives in the struggle for American justice, just like Dr.  King: Viola Liuzzo; Emmett Till; Jimmie Lee Jackson; Medgar Evers;  Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner; the four little girls in Birmingham,  Alabama; Fred Hampton; and many, many others who gave their lives  during the fifties and sixties.   In my hometown of Chicago, Mr. Speaker, the killing of Laquan  McDonald rocked our city and the Nation by pulling the scab off a  festering wound of police relations and the Black community.   McDonald's death by 16 shots from a single police weapon fired by a  police officer led to multiple investigations of previous police- involved shootings and also sparked the investigation by the United  States Department of Justice under then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch  and the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois.  That investigation concluded that the Chicago Police Department  officers engage ``in a pattern or practice of using force, including  deadly force,'' that is a unreasonable. This report also found the  Chicago Police Department has failed to hold officers accountable when  they use force contrary to Department policy or otherwise commit  misconduct.   To put it bluntly, Mr. Speaker, the Department of Justice found and  reported that the Chicago Police Department engages in force in  violation of the United States Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, I am here today because I am just beside myself. I am  angry. I am so fed up, Mr. Speaker, because I learned recently that  Attorney General Jefferson Sessions has issued a memorandum ordering  officials at the Justice Department to review police reform consent  agreements all across the country, including the agreement that is  being negotiated with the City of Chicago.   Mr. Speaker, our Nation has fallen so very, very far. Dr. King's  dream has not been realized in this Nation. The day before his  assassination--this Attorney General has retreated so very, very far  from the high ideals of American justice.   It is proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that police agencies--not all  police officers, not all agencies, not all departments--but there are  too many police departments, too many law enforcement officials, too  many police officers who have wantonly killed innocent young men of  color in this Nation, and it did not just begin in this year. It has  been going on for decades. We are now at a point where some departments  have been placed under a consent decree. The U.S. Attorney is now  trying to retreat from that pattern.   I am here, Mr. Speaker, to ask--to demand--that Attorney General  Sessions retreat from his position, that he stop this memorandum from  circulating in the department, and that he see the light of day that  many innocent American citizens are being killed because of the wayward  actions of those police officers who think that they are above the law.  They can't just continue to kill wantonly and think that they are above  the American law and the American Constitution.    