 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado  for yielding. I especially thank him for bringing this legislation  before this Congress.   I rise in support of this rule and the underlying bill. We are  addressing the topic that we used to call fraudulent joinder. I like  the title of this bill better, as pointed out by Ms. Slaughter last  night. We call it the Innocent Party Protection Act. It is more  accurate and it is more descriptive. The other fraudulent joinder piece  tends to put people to sleep who aren't operating in this arena.   I know that the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Buck) has operated in  this arena. He has significant experience and frustrating experience  watching innocent parties being drug into litigation just so that an  opposing attorney can utilize that jurisdiction within a  [[Page H1615]]  particular State where they think they have a friendly venue.   First, Mr. Speaker, I make the point from the beginning, which we  don't often enough do here, and that is our pledge we made some years  ago that all of our legislation would be indexed back to the  Constitution. We don't always address that in the debate.   I just turn my pocket Constitution to Article III, section 1. It  says: ``The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one  supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from  time to time ordain and establish.''   We agree with that. I have made this point that all of the Federal  courts are completely under the jurisdiction of the United States  Congress. If we decided that we wanted to abolish a Federal district,  we could do that. In fact, it happened 200 years ago, two districts. I  don't propose such a thing, but I am just asserting the power of  Congress, which hasn't been questioned or challenged, I would point  out.   Under section 2, it says: ``The judicial Power shall extend to all  Cases, in Law and Equity, arising . . . between Citizens of different  States. . . .''   This is a tool, then, that the fraudulent joinder attorneys use to  drag people into litigation who may have nothing to do with it  whatsoever. It is a problem. It is a problem, we know, not just because  there are complaints out there from innocent parties that have been  wrapped up in litigation and required to defend themselves and hire  attorneys and spend thousands of dollars--tens of thousands--hundreds  of thousands of dollars in order to protect their economic interests  even though they have zero involvement in the case and perhaps zero  chance of having any judgment brought against them.   So apparently the judges who make these decisions look at rule 11 and  they find enough latitude in there that they allow the defendants to  stay on the case, and I will call them being fraudulently joined to the  case. We need to tighten up these rules. We need to send a very clear  message to the courts so that they have got some guidelines to live by  because it is their job, of course, to read the law, take their  directions from the United States Congress, and act accordingly. I  think just this debate and the debate we had in the last Congress help  us in that cause.   The next thing I pick up from the Constitution, the next thing is the  bill itself, and prevention of fraudulent joinder is under section 2.  It sets out four different categories that would be cause for the court  to release a defendant. And it says the joinder of the defendant is  described in this paragraph. It says it is fraudulent if the court  finds that in one of four different categories there is actual fraud in  the pleading of jurisdictional facts, which, with respect to that  defendant, if there is actual fraud, that is pretty much a no-brainer,  should be released from the case. That is pretty simple. I am glad it  is now an opportunity to go into statute.   Second is if it is based on a complaint and the materials submitted  under the paragraph, it is not plausible to conclude that the  applicable State law would impose liability on that defendant. In other  words, if it is implausible for the defendant to have a liability, then  the court can release that defendant under this act should it become  law. That is also, to me, a no-brainer.   As one who has been a defendant in lawsuits, I would reflect, Mr.  Speaker, that when I first ran for office, there were some people who  thought that I should just simply capitulate to whatever their legal  demands were. Even though I have only been in the courtroom a couple  handful of times throughout the 40-some years of business that we have  done as King Construction, I had four of them lined up against me at  the same time. They thought that I would just have to settle out of  court. It is a frustrating thing to not see a liability but have that  leverage brought against you. I have experienced that, and that  animates me on this.   The third component is if a State or Federal law clearly bars all  claims in the complaint against that defendant. All right, that is also  a simple provision.    But the fourth one is another one that deserves consideration, and  that is that there be a good faith intention. Otherwise, if there is no  good faith intention to prosecute the action against that defendant or  to seek a joint judgment which would include that defendant, then that  defendant can be released from the case. We need to streamline our  courts, Mr. Speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Rothfus). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, I would just summarize this case in  that it is not only me, it is not Mr. Buck alone, it is not Mr.  Sessions alone, it is the American people who are calling out for this  kind of relief. It is not just the American people--we might consider  them to be laypersons in this--but it is also the courts. The Fourth  Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Harvie Wilkinson, as Mr. Buck quoted,  spoke to this issue. The Supreme Court of the United States has spoken  to this issue under ``plausible'' versus ``speculative.'' Professor  Martin Redish also has spoken on this subject matter.   The Third Circuit spoke to the Briscoe issue. The final piece is the  Fifth Circuit has essentially adopted a very similar, if not identical,  policy. We need to codify this. This is our chance to do so. I urge  adoption of the rule and support of the underlying rule.   