 Mr. President, today is a big day in the ongoing effort to  update and strengthen Medicare's guarantee to seniors. Senate passage  of the  [[Page S6153]]  Finance Committee's chronic care bill means seniors with multiple  chronic illnesses will have their individual needs better met and get  the type of care they need earlier.   It is my judgment that the Finance Committee has no job more  significant than updating the Medicare guarantee, and that is exactly  what today is all about. The CHRONIC Care Act begins a transformational  change in the way Medicare works for seniors who suffer from chronic  illnesses like cancer, diabetes, and Alzheimer's disease.   If you could bring the lawmakers responsible for the creation of  Medicare into 2017, they would barely recognize the program they  created more than half a century ago. Back then, if a senior needed  surgery for a broken hip, he or she visited a hospital and used  Medicare Part A. If a senior needed treatment for a nasty bout of the  flu, he or she visited their doctor and used Part B.   Today, more than 90 percent of the Medicare dollar goes toward  seniors who have two or more chronic conditions. Today's seniors get  their care in a variety of ways. It is not just fee-for-service; there  are Medicare Advantage, Accountable Care Organizations, and other new  systems under development.   Keeping up with those changes--updating the Medicare guarantee--is a  big policymaking challenge, and that is why the Finance Committee  worked so hard, for so long, to get this bill across the finish line.  There are still more steps before these policies reach the President's  desk, but with strong bipartisan backing of the entire U.S. Senate, I  am confident the job will get done.   The CHRONIC Care Act will mean more care at home and less in  institutions. It will expand the use of lifesaving technology. It  places a stronger focus on primary care. It gives seniors, however they  get Medicare, more tools and options to receive care specifically  targeted to address their chronic illnesses and keep them healthy.  Those are all important steps forward in updating the Medicare  guarantee. Still to come is ensuring that every senior with multiple  chronic conditions has an advocate to help them navigate through the  Byzantine healthcare system.   Finally just a few points about the bipartisan process leading to  this bill's passage today. The Finance Committee, in my view, has  handed the Congress a model for how to legislate on a bipartisan basis.  I want to thank Chairman Hatch, with whom I formed a bipartisan chronic  care working group almost exactly 2 years ago, and I want to thank  Senators Warner and Isakson who generously took on the challenge of  leading it.   Of course this bill wouldn't have materialized at all if not for the  sweat equity put in by staff. Somewhere amid all the endless hours of  work that went into writing this bill, they found time for multiple  weddings, the birth of three children, and a handful of job changes.  Thank you to Karen Fisher, Hannah Hawkins, Kelsey Avery, Leigh  Stuckhardt, Liz Jurinka, Beth Vrabel, and Matt Kazan--our chronic care  lead--all on my team. Chairman Hatch, I thank you for your commitment  to keep working on this and to your staff, including Jay Khosla, Brett  Baker, Jen Kuskowski, Katie Meyer-Simeon, and the chronic care lead,  Erin Dempsey. Thank you also to Senators Warner and Isakson for lending  us Marvin Figueroa and Jordan Bartolomeo.   