 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support  of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017.   Our constitutional right to keep and bear arms should not be confined  by State lines. Yet, currently, a person who has legally obtained a  concealed carry permit in one State can be denied that right by simply  crossing the State's border.   Consider my own home State of Louisiana. Our laws rightfully allow  for licensed carrying of concealed firearms. I am a concealed carry  permit holder myself. When a Louisianian leaves the State, however, our  valid concealed carry handgun permit becomes void, absent an agreement  from the State we may be in or traveling through.   The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act that we vote upon today ensures  that law-abiding citizens with a concealed carry permit are not denied  their Second Amendment right simply because they travel to other  States. The Constitution should know no such bound. It does so while  also recognizing States' rights by clearly noting that concealed carry  holders must follow the law of each and every jurisdiction.   As a constitutional law attorney myself, it is critically important  to me that the fundamental right of every law-abiding citizen to keep  and bear arms is protected; and, yes, this legislation is about  preserving our God-given freedoms. It is about public safety, and it is  about common sense.   As noted, our letter by 23 States attorneys general, including my own  home State of Louisiana, affirms that concealed carry laws deter crime.  As my friend and colleague, Sheriff Rutherford, just said here so well,  he reminded us that law enforcement wants the good guys to be armed.   The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act protects our Second Amendment  right, and I encourage my colleagues to support this important  legislation. I want to thank Congressman Hudson for introducing H.R. 38  and Chairman Goodlatte for advancing this legislation through the House  Judiciary Committee. I am proud to be a part of this historic  legislation.   