 Mr. President, first of all, let me say thank you to my  friend and colleague, the ranking member of the Committee on Small  Business and Entrepreneurship. We have worked together successfully on  several projects, and I have no doubt that we will continue to work  together to benefit small businesses and entrepreneurship here in  America.   I rise today to support the nomination by President Trump of Linda  McMahon to head the Small Business Administration. Linda McMahon has  strong bipartisan support, which is rare here in Washington, DC, these  days. At the confirmation hearing, Mrs. McMahon was introduced by,  endorsed by, and spoken well of by her two Connecticut Senators,  Senator Blumenthal and Senator Murphy. Perhaps for the first time in  history, we had a member of the opposite party supported by the two  Senators from that State, from the other party. But most importantly,  she had run against both of those people, so they had been adversaries  previously, but they appeared before the committee to enthusiastically  endorse her as the head of the SBA and as President Trump's appointee.   Senator Blumenthal said: ``She is an excellent fit for this agency  based on her experience and her expertise as a business leader.   Senator Murphy stated: ``I will never question whether she has the  experience and the determination necessary to lead this great agency.''   These are strong endorsements by people of the other party for a  person who has been nominated by President Trump.   This is an important agency. It is not a particularly large agency,  but it certainly services one of the, if not the most important sector  of our economy.   It is important to note that these two colleagues of ours came and  supported Mrs. McMahon before the committee.   Those people who have been watching what is going on in this city  since the election, particularly in regard to the appointment by  President Trump of his Cabinet, as he has attempted to fill his Cabinet  and seen the obstructionism that has taken place as he tries to fill  that Cabinet, know that this city has become a caldron of anger,  bitterness, and acrimony since the States came together and selected  Donald Trump to be the President of these United States. So it is good  for a bipartisan effort on one of these Cabinet members, and Linda  McMahon is that person.   Linda McMahon is not a bureaucrat. She is about as far from that as  you possibly can get. In 1982 she and her husband took over a small  business and turned it into a family business and have operated it  since 1982. Of particular importance was her description of how she and  her husband got there and their struggles as they started with a small  business that actually failed. I think her description of that and her  feelings about that and how she and her family struggled with that  built the character they needed to start the business they did in 1982.  They took that business from 1982 from a small company, very few  employees and family only, to what is now a publicly traded company  with a global brand.   Mrs. McMahon has the experience in the small business world, from her  struggles at the beginning and her  [[Page S1142]]  great success as she worked through making this business succeed, to  actually understand what small businesses go through.   In meeting with her and discussing with her the importance of what we  do on the Small Business Committee, I can tell you that she shares the  passion that I have about what we can do with the Committee on Small  Business and Entrepreneurship and, indeed, all committees in the U.S.  Senate; that is, get the government out of the way while Americans  attempt to build a business. She shares the passion that I have with  reducing to a bare minimum the regulatory structure that has grown up  in America today and is really stifling businesses at all levels but  particularly businesses at the small end of the scale.   We all know that when the government enacts a regulation, which  happens all too frequently--hourly, every day, several every day--and  they are laid down in front of businesses, a large business really has  substantially less difficulty dealing with those.   Large businesses will tell you that is the largest challenge they  have today, the most significant challenge they have; that is,  overcoming the barriers that are put in place by the government as they  attempt to succeed and as they attempt to do business. When a  regulation is laid down, a large business has an army and a fleet of  lawyers and compliance officers and accountants who can work through  these regulations. If you are a small business and you are fixing lawn  mowers in your garage and you get a 30-page questionnaire from the  government that has significant implications for what is going to  happen to you, it is very burdensome and cuts deeply into the progress  you are trying to make as a small business and provide for your family.   We have an operation within the Small Business Administration called  the Office of Advocacy. The committee has attempted to grow and  strengthen its independence. The purpose of the Office of Advocacy is  to stand up whenever the government acts in a way that affects small  businesses and say: Wait. Stop. Think about this. Look what you are  doing and look how this is going to affect business--and particularly  small business--in America, the regulations you are attempting to  impose.   Linda McMahon shares my passion in that regard. I have every reason  to believe she is going to assist in strengthening that particular  division within the Small Business Administration.   Based upon her qualifications, based upon her view of small business  and entrepreneurship, based upon her experience in small business and  in growing small business, and based upon what I think perhaps is going  to be one of the only bipartisan efforts we make to construct the  Cabinet or assist the President in constructing his Cabinet, I strongly  recommend and join my colleague the ranking member in urging all  Members of the Senate to support Linda McMahon in this effort and in  her confirmation.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I yield back all time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   