 Mr. President, I know I don't need to tell anybody that  American families have had a tough time in recent years. Weak economic  growth, stagnant wages, and a lack of opportunities have left many  Americans struggling just to get by.   To put a fine point on that, during the entire years of the Obama  Presidency, there wasn't a single year wherein the growth rate and the  economy exceeded 3 percent. If we go back to the end of World War II,  average economic growth in this country has averaged somewhere in the 3  to 3.5 percent range. So in the entire 8 years of the Obama Presidency,  there was not a single year--not one year--where economic growth  exceeded 3 percent.   What did that mean for American workers? It meant that their wages  stayed flat. In many cases, up until just recently, American families  haven't had a pay raise for the better part of a decade as a result. It  has been a sluggish, anemic, slow-growth economy that wasn't creating  the kind of good-paying jobs or the wage levels that enabled American  families to benefit from increasing incomes.   A recent survey found that 50 percent of Americans consider  themselves to be living paycheck to paycheck. That makes perfect sense  if we look at the economic statistics, economic record of the past 8  years. About one-third of those same Americans say they are just $400  away from a financial crisis.   Real help is on the way. This week, we will bring the Senate version  of comprehensive tax reform to the Senate floor. The legislation we  have produced will provide immediate, direct relief to hard-working  Americans, but that is not what we are hearing from Democrats. Here is  what we are hearing Democrats say about the Senate plan--and I will  just contrast that with the facts, what is really true. Here is what we  have heard: The Republicans have somehow drafted this secret tax plan  behind closed doors and are forcing it through the voting process much  too fast.   No doubt we have heard this as well: The Senate tax bill raises taxes  on lower and middle-income, middle-class Americans while cutting taxes  for the rich.   Here is an interesting attack that is coming from my colleagues on  the other side as well who have, in the past, not been considered  budget hawks: The Senate tax bill somehow is a budget buster that  irresponsibly increases the deficit.   First off, let me address that question. The answer to the deficit  question is that this is a $5.5 trillion tax cut. Seventy percent of  the tax cut is paid for by ending loopholes and special exemptions in  the Tax Code today--what we call base broadeners--broadening the base  by doing away with some of the preferences that exist in the code  today.   The Joint Committee on Taxation says that with a static score, we  will have about a $1.4 trillion delta to cover. Assuming that we use  current tax policy--and we normally do extend current tax policy--we  believe the remaining cost of the tax cut will be covered through  increased economic growth.   What does that mean? What kind of growth do we have to achieve in the  economy in order to have the kind of growth that would enable this tax  relief above and beyond what we have done in terms of base broadeners  and pay-fors to be covered?   Just to put it in perspective, the Congressional Budget Office is  assuming and forecasting 1.8 percent growth over the next 10 years.  Again, as I mentioned earlier, we didn't have good growth over the last  8 years in the Obama administration. We were averaging 1.5 to 2 percent  growth. The Congressional Budget Office is forecasting currently 1.8  percent growth for the next 10 years.   Well, I can't believe that growth rate would be acceptable to people  in this country--the greatest economy on the face of the Earth growing  at less than 2 percent a year. That cannot be the new normal. We have  to do better than that.   If we get just 2.2 to 2.4 percent growth with this bill, we will have  covered the remaining cost of the tax cut. The amount I pointed out  earlier is not covered in terms of base broadeners and pay-fors and  offsets, but it assumes a certain reasonable amount of growth--just the  growth necessary to cover the cost of that tax cut--which is 2.2 to 2.4  percent. Again, to put it in perspective, going back to the end of  World War II, the economy in this country has averaged 3 to 3.5 percent  growth. It is only in the last decade, where we have had heavy taxes  and heavy regulations and policies that have created conditions that  are not favorable for that kind of growth, where we have gotten stuck  with this malaise of 1.5 to 2 percent. So if we can just get 2.2 to 2.4  percent growth in the economy, we will cover the remaining cost of this  tax cut.   In reality, when my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say  that this is  [[Page S7381]]  going to add to the deficit, they are saying our country cannot grow at  2.2 to 2.4 percent a year over the next 10 years. They have gotten used  to the low, slow, sluggish, anemic growth and have accepted that as the  new normal.   I don't accept that as the new normal, and the American people  shouldn't accept that as the new normal because we are selling our  country--the greatest economy in the world--woefully short when we find  it satisfactory that the economy can grow at less than 2 percent. As I  said, since World War II, we have averaged over 3 percent growth.   After such a long period of stagnant growth, I understand how my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are resigned to accept this  as the new normal, but I think I can speak for all of our Republican  colleagues here when I say we can do much better than we did during the  Obama years. We can and we will grow at a faster rate on account of  this tax reform bill. Why? Because when you reduce taxes, you allow  people to keep more of what they have earned. Instead of growing the  government in Washington, DC, you start growing the economy. When you  reduce taxes on businesses, those businesses invest. They expand their  operations. When they expand their operations, it means they have to  hire new people. The demand for labor raises the price of labor. Wages  go up. Paychecks get bigger. That is what happens.   It also means the government generates more revenue. When the economy  is growing at a faster rate, people are working, paying taxes; people  who have invested are taking their realizations, and that raises tax  revenues in this country.   We can and will grow at a faster rate if we can put the right  economic policies in place, starting with this tax reform bill. We can  create those new, good-paying jobs, keep existing jobs from moving  overseas, and we can see wages in this country go up and finally give  Americans a much needed break in their paychecks. We can get the  economy growing again and generate enough revenue to cover the  remaining 30 percent cost of this tax reform bill.   This bill has been put together after many years of hearings and  work. Democrats argue that this was somehow cooked up in a short amount  of time. I joined the Senate Finance Committee in 2011. Since I have  been on the committee, we have had 70-plus hearings on tax reform. Two  years ago, in 2015, the chairman of that committee, Senator Hatch,  created a number of working groups to examine various aspects of the  Tax Code. I had the privilege of chairing one of those groups along  with Senator Cardin, a Democrat on the other side of the aisle. We  looked at and examined the business part of the Tax Code to try and  determine what sorts of recommendations we could make that would get  the economy growing at a faster rate and generate better paying jobs.  There were five groups like that, all of which made recommendations,  much of which formed the basis for the tax bill we are considering  today.   We have been working on this for years to get to where we are today.  It has involved a lot of thought, a lot of analysis, a lot of work has  gone into the legislation that we will be voting on later this week.   We made a focus of this tax reform legislation delivering meaningful  tax relief to middle-income families who we believe know better how to  spend their money than the Federal Government here in Washington, DC.  If we can make American families' paychecks bigger, they can decide  what they want to do to help themselves and their families, such as  save for college education, perhaps save for a more secure retirement,  or take care of the daily needs they have in their lives. The  fundamental premise is, we trust the American people to make those  decisions.   We believe, after the last decade of stagnant wages and a slow and  sluggish economy, that they deserve a pay raise, that they deserve to  have a bigger paycheck than they do today. So reducing tax rates,  doubling the standard deduction, doubling the child tax credit, which  are all features of the Senate bill--all benefits of this Senate bill-- are things that will help allow these families to keep more of what  they earn.   The average family in this country, under this legislation that we  will consider--when I say ``average family,'' a typical family of  four--with a combined annual income of $73,000, will receive a $2,200  tax cut as a result of this tax legislation. That is a 60-percent tax  cut over what they are paying today under current law.   So if we look at the way this impacts middle-income families in this  country, doubling the standard deduction, doubling the child tax  credit, and lowering rates are all policies that will inure to the  benefit of middle-income families in this country. We believe middle- income families deserve to keep more of what they own. They deserve  bigger paychecks. This tax bill will do that for them, in addition to  creating the growth in the economy that we need to see if we are going  to get those better paying jobs generated and get wages back up to  where American families are enjoying a higher standard of living and a  higher quality of life than what they have today.   We need to get back to normal. We need to get back to 3, 3.5 percent  growth. We can do that with the right policies, and it starts by  passing the kind of tax reform we have before us today that will lower  rates on businesses, lower rates on families, double that standard  deduction, double that child tax credit, and allow American families  and American workers to get the benefit of keeping more of their  paychecks, more of their hard-earned money in their own pockets, and  the benefit of higher wages that will compliment a stronger, more  robust economy that is growing at a faster rate than what it is today.   That is what is at stake in the discussion over tax reform. I hope,  before the week is out, we will get the votes that are necessary to  pass this and then go to conference with the House of Representatives,  which has already passed their version of tax reform, and then put a  bill on the President's desk that he can sign into law before the end  of this year that moves us in a direction that provides meaningful tax  relief for middle-income families in this country, as well as creates  conditions that are favorable to that economic growth that will create  better paying jobs and higher wages.   The American people deserve better than 1.5 percent growth. They  deserve a pay raise, not a pay cut, and that is what this tax reform  bill will help accomplish.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   