 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of  Gen. John F. Kelly to be Secretary of Homeland Security. This is a  tremendously important position, especially in these dangerous and  uncertain times, and it requires a highly qualified nominee who will be  able to handle one of the most complex positions here in Washington,  DC. After his impressive career and nomination hearing, few would  question that he has the knowledge and the skill to lead the agency.   He has years of experience working with our neighbors in Latin  America as former commander of U.S. Southern Command, where he saw  firsthand the drivers of the unaccompanied minors crisis. In his  testimony, he outlined what he saw as the root causes of migration,  including people fleeing violence and seeking asylum within the United  States.   Yet the position requires more than experience, it requires a true  understanding of the issues and how they affect the men and women we  are all sworn to serve. It is in this aspect that I have lingering  concerns.   Anyone running DHS must be able to prioritize their resources in the  apprehension, detention, and removal of undocumented immigrants. On  November 20, 2014, the Department of Homeland Security outlined how  scarce Federal resources would be allocated in enforcing our Nation's  immigration laws. The memo focused resources on threats to national  security, threats to national safety, and threats to border security,  while deemphasizing law-abiding immigrants who have integrated  themselves into society. I have been generally supportive of this  prioritization, as I believe that Federal resources should be spent on  enforcement actions against serious criminals.   On day one as Secretary of Homeland Security, General Kelly will have  to address this. I hope he will recognize the wisdom of keeping  families together, protecting children and the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals DACA Program and focus on deporting serious  criminals and those who truly pose a threat to our national security.  This focus isn't about being liberal or conservative but is a smart and  humane approach to enforcement of our immigration laws.   General Kelly will have to grapple with the realities of our  immigration system. As Secretary of Homeland Security, General Kelly  will be tasked with the critical duty of maintaining our southwest  borders. We have heard  [[Page S353]]  promises by the President-elect to build a wall that would cost  taxpayers $25 billion; yet a wall will not secure the border or stop  the flow of illegal drugs into the country. General Kelly himself noted  that a wall alone is not enough. I hope that General Kelly will  recognize that $25 billion is better spent trying to reduce factors  that drive people to the United States.   After speaking to General Kelly and listening to his testimony, I am  cautiously optimistic that this is a nominee who understands the issues  that will be in front of a Homeland Security Secretary. Ultimately, to  truly understand the issues, General Kelly will need an ongoing dialog  with those such as myself who care deeply about fixing our immigration  system. As my colleagues are aware, my record of standing up for  immigrants is clear from years of work on comprehensive immigration  reform. General Kelly should hear the stories about those with loved  ones who have been torn from their homes and sent back to a country  they no longer have a connection with. He should talk to those young  immigrants who are American in every way except for a piece of paper  who have come out of the shadows, registered with the government, and  applied for DACA and fear being deported under this new administration.  He should hear from parents who have U.S. citizen children and have  lived in this country for over a decade and live with the constant  threat of being separated from their children.   I will support the nomination of General Kelly to be the Secretary of  Homeland Security. However, I plan on using every procedural and  legislative tool to push back against any deportation force or policies  that indiscriminately separate families, targets DREAMers, and generate  fear in our immigrant communities.   Mr, JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am honored to speak today in support of  Gen. John Kelly's nomination to be America's fifth Secretary of the  Department of Homeland Security.   We would be hard pressed to find an individual who is better suited  to this challenge, in these perilous times.   General Kelly served this Nation for 45 years as a proud marine. He  commanded the finest among us during three tours in Iraq. He rose to  the rank of four-star general. And tragically, he became the most  senior military officer to lose a child in combat when his son, Marine  2nd. Lt. Robert Kelly, was killed in November of 2010 in Afghanistan.   As a four star general and a Gold Star parent, General Kelly has  served and sacrificed--he knows the price of freedom.   Perhaps the best way to describe the man we should confirm today is  to use his own words given in testimony before our committee:   ``I am humbled to once again be called to serve, this time with the  men and women of the Department of Homeland Security.   As I solemnly swore before God when I entered the Marine Corps, if  confirmed, I will faithfully support and defend the Constitution of the  United States against all enemies foreign and domestic--every second of  every day.   I believe in America and the principles upon which our country and  way of life are guaranteed. I believe in respect, tolerance, and  diversity of opinion. I have a profound respect for the rule of law and  will always strive to uphold it. I have never had a problem speaking  truth to power, and I firmly believe that those in power deserve full  candor and my honest assessment and recommendations.   I love my country, and I will do everything within my power to  preserve our liberty, enforce our laws, and protect our citizens. I  recognize the many challenges facing the Department of Homeland  Security--and should I be confirmed--I look forward to partnering with  you all to protect the homeland.''   Colleagues, we are fortunate to have a man of such high caliber who  is willing to once again answer the call of duty. I urge all of you to  support his confirmation today.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I support the nomination of General  James Mattis to serve as Secretary of Defense.   I voted against enacting an exception to the National Security Act  for a recently retired general to serve as Secretary of Defense, but  that vote was in support of our Nation's tradition of civilian  leadership of the military. Now that General Mattis's nomination is  before the Senate on the merits, I believe that he will provide the  experience and steady hand that will serve this administration well.   General Mattis has served as a commander of NATO coalition troops. He  commanded troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. And he was commander of the  U.S. Central Command, responsible for American military operations in  the Middle East, Northeast Africa, and Central Asia. General Mattis has  served as a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford  University, and Members of both parties who have worked with him have  testified to his breadth of knowledge and understanding of key threats  and America's role in the world.   I was heartened to hear in the course of General Mattis's hearing and  the Senate's consideration of his nomination that he has many views  that are more reasoned than those expressed by President-Elect Trump.  His testimony made clear that he recognizes the very real challenges  posed by Russia, and the importance of reassuring our NATO allies of  America's commitment to our common defense and mutual obligations. I am  pleased to hear that General Mattis opposes the use of torture and has  no intention to reverse Department of Defense policies on women and the  LGBT community. I hope that General Mattis's counsel will persuade  President Trump on these matters.   I believe that General Mattis's knowledge of and familiarity with  international affairs will be of help to the incoming President and the  Nation and thus I support his nomination.   Mr. President, President Trump ran a divisive campaign that engaged  in fear-mongering against many immigrants and scapegoated Muslim  Americans. To the extent that he attempts to act on that irresponsible  rhetoric, I will strongly oppose him.   Thus, I appreciated many of General Kelly's comments in his  confirmation hearing before the Committee on Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs, including his opposition to a registry based on  ethnicity or religion and his skepticism of the utility of an expensive  massive border wall. I hope that General Kelly will use his voice to  advocate for those views in the new administration.   General Kelly has an admirable record of public service, including  leadership of the U.S. Southern Command, which is responsible for  Central America, South America, and the Caribbean. He has a strong  relationship with current Homeland Security Secretary, Jeh Johnson,  which will help support a smooth transition of the $40 billion agency  with its 240,000 employees.   I am concerned, however, that at General Kelly's confirmation  hearing, Senator Harris repeatedly asked him whether he would honor the  commitment made to DACA children and DREAMers not to share their  personal information with Immigration and Customs Enforcement to  protect them from deportation. General Kelly repeatedly declined to say  that he would. DACA recipients submitted their personal information to  the government on the assurance from the Department of Homeland  Security that their information would not be used against them. These  families now live in fear that the new administration will tear them  apart.   I hope that these concerns prove to be unwarranted, and, should  General Kelly be confirmed, I look forward to working with him to both  protect our homeland and the values we hold dear. However, his failure  to provide assurances that he will meet the commitment we have made to  these individuals who came to the United States as children means I  cannot support his nomination today.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Vermont.   