 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, as many of you know, manufactured homes are  the only form of nonsubsidized housing that is directly regulated by  HUD. Statute dictates that HUD is required to facilitate the  availability of affordable manufactured homes to increase homeownership  for all Americans.   Recently, the Department has imposed excessive and contradictory  regulations on manufactured housing. HUD is impeding on some State  functions, reinterpreting regulations to the detriment of longstanding  and accepted building practices, and implementing rules that  unnecessarily limit consumer choice and increase costs.   As the primary regulator of manufactured housing, HUD should work  with the industry, not against it, to ensure regulations are  streamlined, cost-effective, and applied fairly and transparently,  while also working to keep manufactured housing as an affordable  housing alternative for all American families.   In central and eastern Kentucky and many other parts of rural  America, manufactured housing offers a very affordable option and a  good option for housing for many folks. For the life of me, I do not  understand why the Federal agency charged with the responsibility of  providing affordable housing would be limiting choices and access to  this very affordable and very good option for housing for many rural  Americans.   My limitation amendment would fix three problems where HUD's  regulation of manufactured housing exceeds and, at times, even  contradicts statutes. These three problems are intrusive installation  programs, burdensome and unnecessary onsite completion of construction  rules, and shifting guidelines on alternative construction.   Mr. Chairman, what I am offering here tonight is an important  limitation amendment. Addressing these issues will help mitigate the  ongoing negative impact that these regulations are having on access to  affordable housing across America.   I urge my colleagues to support this important work where Congress  can work together to eliminate impediments to the manufactured housing  market so that all Americans can have access to affordable housing.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's arguments in  opposition. However, I would argue that the best consumer protection is  competition and choice, and what these misguided regulations do is take  away access, take away competition, take away choices for consumers.  That is not consumer protection. It is certainly not consumer  protection to say to rural Americans looking for access to affordable  housing: You can't have access to a manufactured home.   That is not consumer protection. That is hurting consumers.   And what I would say also is that this is a bipartisan amendment.  There are Members of the party on the other side of the aisle who  recognize that in rural America and other places, we need a bipartisan  fix to bureaucratic overreach, and these are new requirements that are  not thoughtfully conceived, as the gentleman would argue.   In fact, these are new requirements imposed without warning, without  any evidence of consumer harm, without any thoughtful process at the  agency.   So, again, I would urge my colleagues to join us in a bipartisan  amendment to fix a bureaucratic overreach, which denies low-income  Americans with access to affordable housing.   Why in the world would we tolerate the agency that is supposed to be  the  [[Page H7061]]  advocates of poor and low-income Americans denying them access to  affordable housing?   Support this bipartisan amendment, support low-income Americans,  support rural Americans, and support manufactured housing.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   