 Mr. President, I rise tonight actually to support the  confirmation of my friend and fellow Georgian and our next Health and  Human Services Secretary, Dr. Tom Price. I have known Dr. Price  personally and worked with him for quite some time. He is a remarkable  individual, and we should take comfort in his nomination to this  important position because he has years of service and years of  experience working with our Nation's health care system.   He has been a practicing physician, a state legislator, and a Member  of the House of Representatives. Dr. Price knows that government  intrusion has already negatively impacted patient care in the last few  years. He has years of professional experience as a physician and he is  seen as a leading voice in health care policy. My colleagues across the  aisle oppose him, they say primarily because of his opposition to the  Affordable Care Act. Well, the truth is, ObamaCare is collapsing under  its own weight today. In my State of Georgia, this year alone, after  double-digit increases last year, premiums are up 33 percent this year.  Nationwide, premiums are up 26 percent. So the other side talks about  it being affordable. People back home--I am getting letters every week  about the fact that people are withdrawing from ObamaCare because of  the increase in premiums, and most insidious are the increases in  deductibles. Some two-thirds increase--67 percent--increase in  deductibles.   You know, we don't have to worry about repealing ObamaCare because it  is collapsing under its own weight. We just have to sit back and watch  it die of its own volition. Here is how it is going to happen. It is  very simple. In my State, out of 159 counties, we have 99 counties that  only have one health care provider because of the Affordable Care Act.  Even in that carrier, there are limited insurance programs available to  their customers.   What happens if that carrier decides they cannot profitably afford to  be in Georgia? Then 99 counties will lose any health care carrier.  Where do they go? They will be fined under the Affordable Care Act for  not having insurance. Where do they go? Well, the Federal Government  has an answer, obviously. The U.S. Government can always step in and be  the insurer of last resort. Is that not the single-payer strategy that  was behind this all along? It is not what American mainstream voters  want.   The fearmongering that is going on right now about any potential  repeal is just hypocrisy. I believe there is no question that there is  a plan. We know there is, but to fix ObamaCare is very difficult  relatively to the way it was built to begin with. It was based on the  wrong premise; that is, that the Federal Government is going to step in  and take care of everybody's health care.   If you like the Veterans' Administration, you are going to love  health care done by the Federal Government in the Affordable Care Act.  By the way, if you like the way the post office is run, you are going  to love the way the Federal Government runs our health care.   With all of that in mind, the No. 1 objective of Dr. Price that I  have heard today and throughout this week has been nothing more than  the vitriolic argument that he opposes ObamaCare. That is sad. I think  we are taking a great American who is willing to volunteer and become a  member of this President's Cabinet and try to make health care better  for every American.   I can't think of another person in this country who is more qualified  for this timely responsibility. Dr. Price will work to end Washington's  takeover of our health care system, and I know he will work tirelessly  for a health care system that compassionately improves the lives of  every American. Truly, there is no one more qualified to serve as our  next Health and Human Services Secretary than my good friend, Dr. Tom  Price.   I am proud to support him. I am glad we are finally grinding our way  to his confirmation later tonight, but while we talk about his  confirmation, we also need to talk about this frog walk that the  opposition is making us go through to get these nominees confirmed in  this Cabinet. This is taking the longest time to confirm a Cabinet  since George Washington.   We see extreme delays, longer delays than we have seen at any time  since the first President was in office. Imagine if Hillary Clinton was  President right now. Imagine. Imagine if Republicans in the Senate were  doing what the people across the aisle are doing today. Imagine if we  were delaying her Cabinet nominees to the point where we are now  confirming them at a pace slower than any time since George Washington  was in office in 1789.   Imagine. Imagine how the mainstream media would be screaming about  that story and how it would be a very different story than what is  being told today. This last week, the Senate demonstrated exactly the  type of behavior that folks in my home State of Georgia, and I must say  around the country, are absolutely fed up with and sick and tired  after.   They know this is exactly why Washington is gridlocked and why we are  not getting results for the American people. We are wasting time.  People are out of work. The other side says this is very real. Of  course it is very real. It is time to move on. We have a new President.  Put his team in place. The American people are being hurt by and paying  attention to this failure of responsibility.   Real results can only be achieved if Washington politicians  prioritize the well-being of Americans, rather than their own  individual political careers and their next election cycle. The  minority party is well within their rights, of course, to dissent and  oppose the President's nominees on solid ground. Republicans have done  that in the past, but at no time in history have we seen this sort of  frog-walk delay being perpetrated on the people of America.   They are using the rules of the Senate inappropriately, in my mind,  to slow down and bring to a halt the confirmation process of a  President they don't support. No President since George Washington has  had to endure this sort of historic delay, obstruction, and slow- walking we have seen here since President Trump was inaugurated.   If the minority party had its way, all Cabinet-level nominees would  not be confirmed until June or July of this year. By the way, that is  one-eighth of the first term of this President--12 percent is being  wasted right now--if, in fact, the Republican leadership in this Senate  were not doing what it is doing. The minority party knows it can't stop  any of these nominees on their own  [[Page S1021]]  merits individually. So they are grinding the entire process to a halt  using procedural delays. This is a clear abuse, in my mind, of the  intent of the rules to protect the minority, authored by James Madison.  To combat that, the Republican leadership has kept the doors of the  Senate open 24/7. The people of America should know that we are here  doing their business and doing their bidding to make sure we proceed as  fast as we can to the confirmation of this President's nominees.   We have to move past these delays perpetrated by the minority party  intended to do nothing but to delay the potential impact of this new  President. It is time to get results. The American people have spoken.  President Trump has named his team. He is ready to get to work. He is  already showing that he is willing to move at a business pace, not a  government pace.   The people in Washington, looking at this President through the lens  of the political establishment, are having a hard time dealing with  him, but I have to say, the quality of nominees is something we have  not seen for decades, if ever. It is time to put these people in their  responsible positions and let them go to work. He is already moving at  a pace that we have not seen in many Presidencies.   Like me, President Trump came here to focus on getting results and  changing the direction of the country. He has a plan to do just that.  We need to get on with that business, debate those issues, come to some  conclusion, compromise where necessary, but get government moving, as  the Senate has done for every previous President.   We should confirm this President's nominees now and spend our time  debating those critical issues that will get our country moving again,  to change the direction of our country, to put people back to work.  Things like growing our economy, updating our antiquated tax system,  unleashing our full energy potential, updating our antiquated and  unnecessary regulatory regime, fixing the broken budget process,  changing our outdated immigration system, saving Social Security and  Medicare, and, yes, addressing the spiraling health care costs that,  no, the Affordable Care Act did not even attempt to address.   The American people elected a new President. That President has named  his slate of potential nominees to be Cabinet members. It is time to  cut the foolishness and get down to business.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   