 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in favor of the  nomination of Seema Verma to serve as the Administrator of the Centers  for Medicare and Medicaid Services.   I think we can all agree that this is a critical time for healthcare  in America. Health costs continue to rise, and patients face growing  uncertainty over coverage. At the same time, the health of too many  Americans continues to decline, healthcare costs continue to grow, and  millions of new baby boomers are becoming eligible for Medicare each  and every year.   I might add, you heard the minority leader talk today as if Democrats  have had nothing to do with all of this mess. Much to the contrary.  Congress and our new President face intense pressure to address these  challenges, and the stakes are very high. I am confident that Ms. Verma  is up for that challenge. She has over two decades of experience  working with State healthcare and industry leaders to reform and  improve services for the most vulnerable members of our community. Ms.  Verma's experience as an entrepreneur and industry leader allowed her  to work extensively on a wide variety of policy and strategic projects  involving Medicaid, insurance, and public health in conjunction with  the Indiana Governor's office, State Medicaid agencies, State health  departments, State departments of insurance, the Federal Government,  and private companies and foundations. She has had a tremendous amount  of experience in those areas, and I have every confidence that she will  be a great leader. There are few professionals in the country who have  her level of close relationships with State leaders that will be  critical as Congress and the administration work to repeal and replace  the Affordable Care Act--the so-called Affordable Care Act; it is  anything but affordable.   Medicaid represents an enormous burden on State budgets, and we now  have an unprecedented opportunity to reform a Federal entitlement  program long in need of structural changes. Ms. Verma is the ideal  candidate to oversee the reform of the Medicaid Program and take steps  administratively to give States the flexibility they have been  clamoring for.   In Indiana, Ms. Verma worked with Governors Daniels and Pence to  design a Medicaid expansion program that extended health coverage to  nearly  [[Page S1756]]  400,000 low-income working Americans. She did so in a way that  empowered people to take greater responsibility for their own health by  providing incentives to use healthcare resources efficiently. The  program ensured that many people got health care coverage for the first  time. Now this innovative program has become a national model for other  States.   Ms. Verma's experience will be invaluable as we work together to  improve healthcare across the country and bring down the costs thereof.  In addition to her work in Indiana, Ms. Verma has developed several  other Medicaid reform programs, including 1,115 Medicaid waivers for  Iowa, Ohio, and Kentucky. Her firm helped design Tennessee's coverage  expansion proposal and also provided technical assistance to Michigan  when the State implemented its Medicaid waiver. She also helped guide  the transition of Iowa's Medicaid Program to a managed care program and  supported strategy efforts for Maine's Medicaid plan.   Having dealt with CMS in her capacity as a consultant working on  these myriad projects, she knows firsthand what is needed to make the  programs work effectively. Her job as CMS Administrator will not be  easy, and that is a heck of an understatement.   CMS is the world's largest health insurer. It has a budget of over $1  trillion and processes over 1.2 billion claims a year for services  provided to some of our Nation's most vulnerable citizens receiving  Medicare and Medicaid. As such, this is a critical agency, and we need  a qualified, dedicated leader at the helm. She is certainly that.   In addition to ensuring that Medicare and Medicaid work effectively,  Ms. Verma will also be charged with helping to ensure the longevity and  solvency of the Medicare trust fund, which is projected to go bankrupt  in the year 2028. Maintaining the solvency of the Medicare Program  while continuing to provide care for an ever-increasing beneficiary  base is going to require creative solutions, skillful administration,  and a lot of knowledge and experience.    All told, between now and 2030, 76 million baby boomers will become  eligible for Medicare. Even factoring in deaths over that period, the  program will grow from approximately 47 million beneficiaries today to  roughly 80 million beneficiaries in 2030. This will also create  challenges that will require steady leadership and, at times, decisive  action.   I believe Ms. Verma is especially qualified to lead CMS and modernize  its programs to increase its effectiveness of healthcare delivery. She  brings the experience and, importantly, bipartisan solutions that can  and should unite people across the political spectrum in addressing  some of the greatest challenges in our healthcare system.   Ms. Verma has a keen understanding of patients' needs. She certainly  has the expertise to create a healthcare law that this country needs  and improve the lives of the 100 million Americans covered by Medicare  and Medicaid.   At a time when the healthcare challenges we face are very real and  extremely complex, our Nation needs leaders, like Ms. Verma, who have  demonstrated their ability to deliver results.   I know that many people have different ideas about the best direction  for the Medicare and Medicaid Programs and how we should meet the  complex challenges facing CMS. While we can disagree on policy, we  should all agree that the agency needs smart, experienced leadership at  its helm.   That being the case, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in  supporting Ms. Verma's nomination to this important position. I  personally am very grateful that she is willing to dive into this very  difficult process and these problems right in the middle of politics  being played and that she is willing to do the job America needs at  this particular time, especially for those who need healthcare.   With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   