 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I want to talk about what we are doing  today and how important it is, how unique it is in the history of the  country. Since 1789, 112 people have served on the Supreme Court. It is  hard not to be reminded today, as we vote for the replacement for  Justice Scalia, that he served on the Court for 26 years after Ronald  Reagan, who appointed him, left the White House and 13 years after  President Reagan died. Clearly, the impact of a Supreme Court  nomination by the President and confirmation by the Senate is one of  those things that has the potential to last long beyond either the  service of those in the Senate at the time or beyond those of the  President at the time. It is a significant decision.   A Federal Court appointment, generally an appointment for life, is  different than an appointment for someone who serves during the tenure  of the President. I think almost all of us look at judicial  appointments differently than we look at Cabinet appointments and other  appointments that are concurrent with the President's term. This is an  appointment that lasts as long as the judge is willing to serve and  able to serve.   At 49 years old, Judge Gorsuch, who has already been a judge for 10  years, should know whether he likes being a judge. It would appear, and  we would hope, he will have a long and healthy life to use his skills  on the Court. I think those skills are very obvious in the over 2,000  decisions he has been part of, of the 800 decisions he has written as a  circuit judge, the appeals judge above other Federal judges and right  below the Supreme Court.  [[Page S2437]]    So he is someone who comes to this job understanding the job, with a  significant body of work that the Senate has had plenty of time to look  at and the President had time to look at before this nomination was  made. In those 800 opinions Judge Gorsuch has written, he has been  overturned by the Court he will now sit on, the U.S. Supreme Court,  exactly 1 time. That is an incredible average of decisionmaking if 1 of  800 times is the only time a court that is the court of appeals for  you, the Supreme Court in this case, decides that your decision did not  meet their view. Now, that does not mean that your decision did not  meet your view of the law, if you are Judge Gorsuch, or your view of  the Constitution. Of course, both of those things, after today--his  view of the law, his view of how you apply the law--will go to the  Court with him.    At the White House event where his nomination was announced, Judge  Gorsuch said that a good judge is not always happy with his opinions.  Now, what would that mean? I thought that was very reassuring in the  sense that his job as a judge is to read the law, to look at the  Constitution, and to determine how the facts of the case meet the  reality of the law.   One of the things that makes this a great country to live in, a great  country to work in, and a great country to take a chance in is the one  thing you can rely on, hopefully--the rule of law. The one thing you  can rely on, when good lawyers read the law, is that they all  understand it to mean the same thing, and you move forward with  whatever decision you make on that. What Judge Gorsuch was saying was  that personal opinions are not always satisfied by reading the law.  What he also, I think, reflects is a view that the law is what the law  was intended to mean at the time.   There are ways to change the law. If the country has changed, if the  world has changed, if circumstances have changed, there are ways to  change the law, and that is our job. That is not the job of any Federal  judges anywhere, including on the Supreme Court. Their job is to  determine what the law was intended to mean when it was written, and  their job is to determine what the Constitution was intended to mean  when it was written. Everything the Constitution intended was not what  we would want to live with today, and that is why we have that long  list of amendments, starting with the Bill of Rights.   Even immediately, the people who wrote the Constitution said that we  have to add some things to this because this does not mean what we  really want it to mean as it is applied. So you get the Bill of Rights.  Yet that is not the job of the Court. It is the job of the Congress to  pass laws, the President to do his job of vetoing and sending those  laws back or of signing them into law. The Court's job is what Judge  Gorsuch understands it to be.   He said in his hearings: I have one client, and that client is the  law. That client is not either party appearing before the Court. That  client is not the government. That client is the law. I think he also  said that judges are not politicians in robes.   We have a job to do that is different than the job of the Court, and  I think, as we send Judge Gorsuch to the Court today--to be the 113th  person in the history of the country to serve on the Court--we send a  person who has an understanding of what a judge should do. Most  Americans, when they think about what the Court is supposed to do,  would clearly understand that is the job of the Court. There are other  jobs to be done, and they are to be done in other places. I think he  will be a great addition to the Court with his 10 years of experience  as a judge and as the judge that other Federal judges' cases are  appealed to. What great training he has had to get ready for the Court.   Then, of course, to get this job done, we had to return to the  traditional standard that has always been the standard in the country,  until the last few years, as to how Presidential nominations are dealt  with. It is easy to confuse, I think, the unique role of the Senate in  its having some barriers that the House does not have with regard to  advancing legislation. Since, basically, 1789, that has been applied to  legislation. The Senate has always seen its job as wanting to be sure  the minority is heard before we move forward. Yet, starting in 1789,  there was never a supermajority for Presidential nominations, whether  it was to the Cabinet or the Court.   It is impossible to find, even before 1968, any case in which the  Senate came together and said: We are officially going to decide that  we are not going to have a vote on this judge. Now, not every judge got  a vote, but when every judge got a vote, a majority of Senators  determined whether that judge would go on the Court or not. Two members  of the Court today did not get 60 votes. Clarence Thomas got 52 votes,  and I think Judge Alito got 58 votes. Two members did not get 60 votes,  but nobody thought they needed 60 votes because that had never been  part of the structure of how judges got on the Court.   I think what we have done this week is return the Senate to,  essentially, the practice on Presidential nominees that for 214 years  was the way nominees were always dealt with.   In 2013, the Senate was controlled by our friends on the other side  of the aisle. With the roughly 1,250 to 1,300 Presidential nominations,  they decided that every nomination that was available to them--for  every judge where there was a vacancy, for every person where the  President might have had a vacancy to fill--would be determined by a  simple majority. From that moment on, everybody, I think, should not  have been surprised, when we eventually had a Supreme Court vacancy-- and this is the first one since that happened--that whoever was in  charge would extend that same majority to the Supreme Court. Now all  Presidential nominees are back to where they had been for 214 years.   I heard the minority leader--I heard my friend Mr. Schumer--talk  about the importance of our recommitting ourselves to the protections  for the minority in passing legislation. I think we can do that.  Frankly, this exercise of refreshing our minds as to how legislation  has always been handled in that way, I believe, has probably created a  greater commitment to that--to the legislative supermajority to move  forward with debate--than we have had for a while.   I think the leader of our friends on the other side and certainly the  leader on our side have both said nobody is willing to back down on the  challenges the Senate faces when we are required to come together to  get things done.   The Senate is unique. Essentially, it takes 6 years for every Senator  to run for election. After some new sense of the direction of the  country occurs, voters basically have to say again and again and maybe  a third time: No, we really want to change the way the country has run  up until now. Quick decisions are not necessarily the best decisions in  a democracy, and in our democracy, this institution--the Senate--is the  legislative institution that determines that there is a necessary  either coming together of the people who are here at the time or for  voters to say at another time: No, you did not get it the first time,  and we are sending different people because we really want to make this  change.   I think the vote today and the traditions of the country send that  113th person into the history of America to serve a lifetime term on  the Court. I am confident the President's nominee and the Senate's  decision to send that nominee to the Court sends a good person to the  Court with a good understanding of what the Supreme Court of the United  States is supposed to be. His job is not to look at the law and try to  determine what it should have said or to look at the Constitution and  determine what it should have said but rather to look at the law and  the Constitution and determine what they say.   Judge Gorsuch, as well as any person who has ever appeared before the  Senate to stand available for that job, understands that principle,  will take that principle to the Court, will work with his colleagues,  as he has on the Tenth Circuit, in order to rally around what the law  says and what people can rely on in a country where our freedoms should  be secure and where we should know that the courts are there to  determine what is right in any given case, not what the judges think  would be their ideas of what would be right.   I look forward to the vote later this morning and to seeing Judge  Gorsuch be sworn in as a member of the Court sometime in the very near  future.  [[Page S2438]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I rise today in support of the  nomination and the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S.  Supreme Court. I do so with mixed emotions because I believe that the  actions taken in order to achieve this position will have lasting  effects that are unfortunate on this body as far as comity is  concerned, but also the confirmation of future judges of the Supreme  Court by 51 votes. Rather than go back through the history of what  former Majority Leader Reid did in regard to judges and what we are  doing now, I am very concerned about the future which will then, with  only a 51-vote majority required, lead to polarization of the nominees  as far as their philosophies are concerned when the majority does not  have to consider the concerns and the votes of the minority.   With my focus on Democrats' unprecedented filibuster of Judge  Gorsuch's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court and the Senate's  regrettable action yesterday to invoke the nuclear option on Supreme  Court nominees, I have been remiss in not taking the time to describe  for the American people why I support strongly and without  qualification confirming Judge Gorsuch to serve as an Associate Justice  of the U.S. Supreme Court.   Why I do so is very simple. Rarely has this body seen a nominee to  the Supreme Court so well qualified, so skilled, with such command of  constitutional jurisprudence, with such an established record of  independence and such judicial temperament as Judge Gorsuch. It is, in  fact, exactly for these very reasons that this very body unanimously  voted in 2006 to confirm this very judge--this same judge--to the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Yet, now, the other side would  have the American people believe that this very same judge lies firmly  outside the mainstream and is, therefore, otherwise unacceptable to  serve in the Nation's highest Court. Even by the standards of this  body, this sophistry is breathtaking.   Let me take a moment to join the chorus of support of my colleagues  and recount why Judge Gorsuch is so deserving of this body's support  for confirmation to the Supreme Court.   First and foremost, Judge Gorsuch is a world-class judge. On the U.S.  Appellate Court for the Tenth Circuit, Judge Gorsuch has maintained the  lowest rating of other judges dissenting from his opinion. Indeed,  according to the Congressional Research Service, only 1.5 percent of  Judge Gorsuch's majority opinions were accompanied by a dissent--the  lowest of any judge in that study. Notably, the U.S. Supreme Court has  never overruled any of Judge Gorsuch's opinions--not a single one.  Furthermore, in the more than 2,700 cases Judge Gorsuch participated  in, 97 percent of them were decided unanimously, and Judge Gorsuch was  in the majority 99 percent of the time. These are facts. In addition,  the U.S. Supreme Court overruled an opinion where Judge Gorsuch sat on  a panel only one time.   While serving on that court, Judge Gorsuch built an exceptional  reputation for his fair-minded, articulate, and sharp intellect.  Stanford Professor Michael McConnell, who served with Judge Gorsuch on  the Tenth Circuit, characterized Judge Gorsuch as ``an independent  thinker, never a party liner'' and ``one of the best writers in the  judiciary today. . . . [H]e sets forth all positions fairly and gives  real reasons--not just conclusions--for siding with one and rejecting  the other.''   Second, Judge Gorsuch has one of the most impressive professional and  academic backgrounds this body has ever seen. He graduated from  Columbia cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa and cum laude from Harvard Law  School. He also obtained a doctorate degree in philosophy from Oxford  University and served as a Truman and Marshall Scholar. Additionally,  he served for U.S. Circuit Court Judge David Sentelle, Supreme Court  Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. Judge Gorsuch also served as  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General at the Department of  Justice before serving as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Tenth Circuit.   For all of these achievements, Judge Gorsuch has earned the highest  possible rating from a group Minority Leader Schumer calls the ``gold  standard'' for evaluating judicial nominations.   Finally, Judge Gorsuch has established himself as an exceptional  nominee. Indeed, Judge Gorsuch's appearance before the Senate Judiciary  Committee was extraordinary. In the course of the three rounds of  questioning by that committee, each Member had the opportunity to quiz  Judge Gorsuch for over an hour each on just about every aspect of  constitutional law. In answering about 1,200 questions from the panel,  he demonstrated almost peerless mastery over that field.   Furthermore, Judge Gorsuch's nomination, with the help of my friend  and former member of this body Kelly Ayotte, was exemplary in its  transparency. Before his hearing, and in response to the Judiciary  Committee's requests, Judge Gorsuch provided over 70 pages of written  answers about his personal record and over 75,000 pages of documents,  including speeches, case briefs, and opinions--which, by the way, makes  you wonder why he wanted the job. Anyway, White House archives and the  Department of Justice similarly produced over 180,000 pages of  documents related to Judge Gorsuch's time at the DOJ. The Department of  Justice, moreover, provided access to reams of documents that would  ordinarily be subject to claims of privilege. However, in the spirit of  cooperation and in the hope of truly bipartisan consideration, the  Department of Justice provided my friends on the other side access to  these records anyway.   Additionally, in response to almost 300 separate questions posed by  Democrats on the committee, Judge Gorsuch provided another 70 pages of  written responses, and did so within a week of receiving them, to give  my friends sufficient time to review the answers before the committee  voted for consideration of his nomination.   Despite all of that I just said--despite everything that I just said,  my friends on the other side would have the American people believe  that Judge Gorsuch lies firmly out of the mainstream and hopelessly  obfuscated his judicial philosophy.   My friends, when you do that with an individual that qualified, you  lose credibility.   For all of the reasons I just went through, that is simply untrue.  Moreover, when many of my friends on the other side had the opportunity  to question Judge Gorsuch over the 20 hours they had with him during  his confirmation hearing, they contented themselves with asking Judge  Gorsuch for his personal opinions on issues that could come before him  if he is confirmed to the Court. In addition, they passed hypotheticals  they knew he, for ethical and prudential reasons, could not possibly be  expected to answer.   Here is some straight talk. The real reason most of my friends on the  other side opposed Judge Gorsuch's confirmation is that President Trump  nominated him--because their base of support and related special  interests on the far left have been upset about President Trump's  election in November. The fact is that if most of my friends on the  other side of the aisle are opposed to this nominee, they will oppose  any nominee put forward by this President, or any Republican President,  for that matter.   The record is clear. Judge Gorsuch's qualifications, knowledge,  skill, judicial temperament, and record of independence are truly  exceptional. For these reasons, he has earned my strong and unqualified  support for his confirmation to the Nation's highest Court.   Could I just make one additional comment, and I know my friend from  Utah is waiting. When President Obama and Presidents before him were  elected from both parties, it was pretty much the standard procedure  here in the U.S. Senate to give the incoming President the benefit of  the doubt. In other words, the American people, by electing a President  of the United States, had also basically endorsed his responsibility  and his right to nominate judges to the courts. That is just  [[Page S2439]]  sort of a given, because the American people spoke in their selection  of the President of the United States, taking into consideration those  responsibilities the President would have. So, therefore, for those  reasons, I voted for most of President Obama's nominees, as I did most  of President Clinton's nominees. Now we are in a position where we are  so polarized that even a man of the qualifications of Judge Gorsuch is  now opposed by our friends on the other side of the aisle.    I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, and I say to my  friends on this side of the aisle: That is not the way the Senate was  designed to work. The Senate was designed for us to communicate, for us  to work together, for us to understand the results and repercussions of  a free and fair election. It is about time we sat down together and  tried to do some things for the American people in a bipartisan  fashion. This near-hysterical opposition that I see from my friends on  the other side of the aisle does not bode well for what we know we need  to do.   Madam President, I recognize the presence of the distinguished  Senator from Utah, and I say ``distinguished'' because both he and I  are of advanced age.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.   