 Madam President, I rise today in strong opposition to  the nomination of Scott Pruitt to be the Admininstrator of the  Environmental Protection Administration.   When looking at Mr. Pruitt's record on environmental issues, it is  almost hard to know where to start.   You could examine his history of climate denial, in which he has  repeatedly rejected the scientific consensus on the threat of climate  change.   You could look at his cozy relationship with the oil and gas industry  during his tenure as attorney general of Oklahoma.   You could argue that Scott Pruitt represents the same corporate  interests and crony capitalism that have long prevailed inside the  Beltway.   You could discuss his refusal to answer basic questions from the  Environment and Public Works Committee, even as he asks those same  Senators to vote for his confirmation.   Any one of these items should be disqualifying for a candidate tasked  with leading the EPA, but the list of problems with Mr. Pruitt's  nomination goes even beyond those concerns.   His nomination threatens the very foundations of the department he  has been tasked with leading--whether you are talking about the Clean  Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Superfund Program, or any of the  other cornerstone environmental protections Americans have long  enjoyed.   Scott Pruitt has made a career out of characterizing these  environmental protections as red-tape, as job-killers, and as  government overreach.   That might be good rhetoric when you are arguing on the side of  corporate polluters, as Mr. Pruitt has spent his career doing.   It might be good rhetoric when you are trying to mask the significant  benefits of the laws you are fighting to unravel.   It might be good rhetoric, but it is not reality. The reality is that  our Nation's environmental laws are designed to provide basic  protections for human health and quality of life.  [[Page S1373]]    But that fact is often obscured by the rhetoric that Mr. Pruitt  peddles. And since the EPA and many of its foundational laws were  created decades ago, it can be easy to forget what the world looked  like before we had strong environmental protections.   So before we confirm an EPA Administrator intent on dismantling every  one of those protections, let's do a quick history lesson.   Democrat, Republican, or Independent, one thing that Americans agree  on is the need for clean water. In fact, according to a 2016 Gallup  poll, 61 percent of all Americans are ``a great deal'' worried--not a  little worried, but a great deal worried--about pollution of drinking  water, and 56 percent of all Americans are ``a great deal'' worried-- again, a great deal worried--about the pollution of rivers, lakes, and  reservoirs.   Among hunters and anglers, a group that many of my friends across the  aisle claim to champion, those numbers are even more dramatic. A 2015  poll found that nearly 90 percent thought that the Clean Water Act was  a good thing, and 75 percent supported the application of the Clean  Water Act to headwater streams and wetlands.   Now, at a time when a strong majority of Americans are so concerned  about the quality of their drinking water and the cleanliness of  waterways across the country and support the application and  enforcement of the Clean Water Act, it seems that we should be working  to strengthen the protections that keep our water clean.   But that is not what Scott Pruitt has done, and it is not what he  will do if we allow him to become the Administrator of the EPA. No,  instead Scott Pruitt has worked tirelessly to gut the Clean Water Act.   His lawsuits have sought to undermine the fundamental protections  afforded to our waterways to the detriment of the health of our  families and our environment.   He has sued to prevent the Clean Water Rule, a court-ordered  clarification of the protections of the Clean Water Act, from going  into effect.   He has joined lawsuits and filed briefs to make it easier for mining  companies to dump waste and fill material anywhere they want,  destroying mountain streams and negatively impacting water quality.   Scott Pruitt didn't feel that the EPA should even have the authority  to conduct a survey about industrial farming practices that can  generate toxic runoff that could find its way into our rivers and  streams and drinking water resources.   He has even joined big polluters in a lawsuit against a collaborative  effort by Chesapeake Bay States and the EPA to clean up the bay,  despite the fact that it had nothing to do with Oklahoma.   I think that Mr. Pruitt's views can best be summed up in his own  words. He claims that, ``the EPA was never intended to be our Nation's  frontline environmental regulator.''   Well, I have news for Scott Pruitt. When the EPA doesn't lead, cost- cutting measures undertaken by a State can lead to thousands of  Americans being poisoned by lead in their water. When the EPA doesn't  lead, polluters, blinded by the pursuit of profit above all else, can  dump unlimited and unregulated amounts of pollution into our water.   This isn't speculation. We have seen it before. The Clean Water Act  was passed in 1972 in large part due to public outrage after the  Cuyahoga River caught fire in 1969. Yes, the river caught fire. This  sounds outlandish and incredible to us today, but perhaps even more  astounding is the fact that this was not necessarily abnormal. It  wasn't the result of some single incident or accidental spill. This was  the result of years of pollution and unsound practices employed by many  different industries across the economic spectrum.   The Washington Post notes that the Cuyahoga burned at least 13 times,  and that is just one river. River fires were recorded in Maryland,  Michigan, New York, Pennsylvania, and other States as well. So it  becomes clear that this was a pervasive problem, and a national  problem, and a problem that had to be addressed on the national level.  And we did address it largely through the Clean Water Act, but we have  to continue that progress, not roll it back. Even now, in places like  China, where strong federal clean water laws don't exist, these river  fires still occur.   Scott Pruitt calls himself an ``advocate against the EPA's activist  agenda.''   If fighting for clean water is an activist agenda; if enforcing sound  environmental practices that safeguard public health is an activist  agenda; if protecting wetlands that not only provide critical wildlife  habitat, but also act as vital buffers that protect our communities  from flooding, is an activist agenda; well, then I guess you can call  me an activist, and his record has shown that Scott Pruitt is anything  but. And his attacks on the Clean Water Act aren't unique. Mr. Pruitt  has sued the EPA time and again in an effort to dismantle the Clean Air  Act.   The Clean Air Act was enacted in 1970, at a time that many of our  Nation's cities and industrial regions were blanketed in smog. In the  47 years since the passage of the law, the Clean Air Act has proven to  be one of the most effective public health measures ever taken in this  country. Under the Clean Air Act, we have achieved 70 percent  reductions in the levels of six of the most dangerous air pollutants.   Under the Clean Air Act, new heavy-duty trucks and buses became 99  percent cleaner than those vehicles were in the 1970s. Under the Clean  Air Act, lead was banned from gasoline, ending a significant health  risk--one that was particularly dangerous for children. It was the  Clean Air Act that gave us the tools to drastically cut the pollutants  that cause acid rain. The Clean Air Act helps to protect downwind  States like New Jersey from pollution emitted by power plants in other  States. The Clean Air Act has been used to phase out pollutants that  destroy the ozone layer, yielding significant health benefits including  a reduction in skin cancer. The Clean Air Act has been used to reduce  mercury from power plants, preventing tens of thousands of premature  deaths, heart attacks, and asthma attacks. The Clean Air Act has helped  reduce pollution at our National Parks, supporting tourism and local  economies across the country. And in 2007, the Supreme Court affirmed  the Clean Air Act's role in the environmental crisis of our time, the  fight to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and protect against the threat  of climate change.   It is worth noting that, since the Clean Air Act became law, the  Nation's gross domestic product grew by 246 percent--so much for job- killing regulations.   But in spite of these benefits, benefits that accrue to every  American and benefits that save lives and reduce disease, Scott Pruitt  has a record a mile long trying to dismantle the Clean Air Act.   He sued the EPA over cross-state air pollution rules. He sued the EPA  over mercury and air toxin limits. He sued the EPA when they tried to  reduce smog. He sued the EPA when they limited pollution in national  parks. And he sued the EPA when they proposed limiting carbon pollution  from power plants.   Mr. Pruitt's record has repeatedly demonstrated that he has no  interest in maintaining basic environmental standards. I have no reason  to believe that he would behave any differently if confirmed as EPA  Administrator. But Scott Pruitt's disdain for the EPA goes beyond even  the lawsuits he filed.   In questions for the record for the Environment and Public Works  Committee, Mr. Pruitt was asked to name even one EPA regulation he  supported and he couldn't name even one.   He wasn't put on the spot. These were written questions, which Mr.  Pruitt had ample time to consider and answer. And yet he couldn't  produce a single example of an EPA standard he supported.   An EPA standard that immediately comes to my mind is Superfund--a  bipartisan program committed to ensuring that polluters pay to clean up  their toxic dump sites.   New Jersey has the most Superfund sites of any State in the Nation-- 114 total. These sites threaten public health, stifle economic  opportunity, and undermine quality of life.   They are a toxic legacy from a time when we had no watchdog to  prevent corporations from dumping their waste into our soil or our  water.   Today there are over 1,300 Superfund sites throughout the Nation--13  sites in  [[Page S1374]]  Alabama, 37 sites in Wisconsin, 53 sites in Florida, and even 7 sites  in Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt's home State.   This is a problem that transcends geographic and partisan divides. It  is a challenge we should be united in our commitment to fixing. Yet Mr.  Pruitt wouldn't even cite Superfund as an example of an EPA regulation  he supported. If he doesn't support the program, how can we trust him  to implement it?   EPA is absolutely critical in bringing the companies responsible for  pollution to the table, creating strategies for cleaning up these  sites, and overseeing the clean-ups themselves.   How can we trust Mr. Pruitt to negotiate on behalf of our communities  if he can't even bring himself to admit the value of the law?   The fact that a program as basic and bipartisan as Superfund didn't  garner Scott Pruitt's support should be of concern to us all.   The U.S. has many environmental challenges left to confront, but we  have also made a lot of progress since the days before we had strong  environmental protections.   We can't turn back the clock to the days when rivers caught on fire,  when smog choked our cities, and when corporations were free to dump  unlimited chemicals into the soil and water. Yet, that is exactly what  Scott Pruitt has spent his career doing. His tenure as Oklahoma  Attorney General provides example after example of legal actions taken  on behalf of moneyed corporate polluters, but he failed to provide even  one real example of action he took against polluters on behalf of the  people of Oklahoma.   I take my responsibility to provide advice and consent to the  President on his nominees very seriously, and as I have looked into Mr.  Pruitt's record, one thing has become abundantly clear. Scott Pruitt  doesn't work for you. He works for the polluting industries that have  bankrolled his political career. His nomination to head the EPA poses  significant risk to our Nation's most basic environmental protections.   Protections like the Superfund program, the Clean Air Act, and the  Clean Water Act have provided a legacy of health and wellness for  millions of Americans. And time and time again, Mr. Pruitt has proven  untrustworthy as a protector of that legacy.   For that reason, I oppose his nomination as Administrator of the EPA  and urge my colleagues to do the same.   