 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the  people who worked to make this legislation a reality. As we become  increasingly concerned with cyber threats, online privacy is a critical  concern for every American.   Unfortunately, in October of last year, the FCC issued regulations  titled, ``Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other  Telecommunications Services,'' also known as broadband privacy rules.  These titles do not actually accurately reflect the impact these  regulations are having on constituents' electronic privacy.   These broadband privacy rules took internet service providers, ISPs,  which you subscribe to for TV and internet access, and edge providers  that deliver online applications, services, and website content, and  separated them into two different groups. This has caused confusion  among businesses trying to adhere to this change.   While writing this regulation, the FCC had the opportunity to employ  FTC precedent in drafting the broadband privacy rules, but instead  chose to ignore existing precedent and create additional and onerous  regulations. The FCC believed that these new rules would give consumers  more choice and heightened transparency; however, this has not been the  case.   This legislation does not remove privacy protections for consumers,  and it does not expose consumer information. Both the FCC and the FTC  will retain authority over consumer privacy on a case-by-case basis.  ISPs will continue to be subject to the Communications Act of 1934,  which protects all consumer proprietary network information. This is in  addition to the many other existing Federal and State privacy rules  that ISPs must continue to follow.   This proposed system, separating edge providers from ISPs, creates  confusion for both consumers and business operations. This legislation  works to reduce the confusion that has been created from this  unnecessary regulation that has stifled competition and impeded  innovation. I am happy to support this legislation which will provide  much-needed clarity to the ongoing debate.   