 Mr. Speaker, nothing unites Indiana's Sixth Congressional  District quite like the simple phrase, ``we must stand with Israel.''  Throughout most of my rural district that has far more Christian  churches than synagogues, Hoosiers are united in their support of the  Jewish state.   Hoosiers, myself included, were deeply distressed when the Obama  administration stood silent as our great ally was demonized by the U.N.  Israel is our most important friend in the region, and among America's  best partners in the world. President Obama's silence and defection  from Israel was unconscionable, and he has made our ally less safe and  peace less likely.   I am eager to vote today to send a strong signal to the world that  the  [[Page H119]]  American people reject the U.N.'s one-sided, shortsighted U.N. Security  Council resolution, and the American people stand united with Israel. I  urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his  help on this amendment as well. It is an amendment designed to take an  already very good bill and make it just a little better.   A good friend of mine, former Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels, used to  say ``you'd be amazed how much government you'll never miss'' when  talking about reducing the size of government bureaucracy.   So much of government's excess is created by unelected officials who  wield enormous influence over our everyday lives. Last year, Federal  agencies issued 18 rules and regulations for every one law that passed  Congress. That is a grand total of 3,853 regulations in 2016 alone. In  2015, Federal regulations cost the American economy nearly $1.9  trillion--T, trillion dollars--in lost growth and productivity.   Think about that for a second. A $1.9 trillion tax, a government  burden on the American people. That means lost jobs, stagnant wages,  and decreasing benefits for workers.   My amendment looks to help change all that. Very simply, my amendment  requires every agency issuing a new rule to first identify, then repeal  or amend at least one existing rule to offset any annual costs the new  rule would have on the U.S. economy. This isn't some new radical idea.  President-  [[Page H136]]  elect Trump announced his administration will implement a new practice  that for every new regulation, two would have to be repealed.   Governments in Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the  Netherlands have all implemented similar versions of one-in/one-out  when addressing new rules and regulations. In fact, in Canada,  bureaucrats used the new direction to find and cut more red tape than  was even required by the law. My amendment gives the new administration  that same flexibility.   Mr. Chair, it is past time we stop bureaucratic abuse and shift the  balance of power from government back to the people, where it belongs.  That can start today by passing the REINS Act and putting our  government on a path to reduce the amount of red tape that our  businesses and the American people deal with every day.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment  and the underlying bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), my good friend and the chairman of the House  Committee on the Judiciary.    Mr. Chairman, I think it is long past time to stop the  runaway train of the Federal regulatory bureaucracy. I urge support for  the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   