 Madam President, I rise today to honor Dr. Jim Rollins,  an Arkansan who has dedicated his life to public education. Dr. Rollins  is the superintendent of the Springdale, AR, public schools, where he  has served since 1980.   Dr. Rollins started his career in the classroom as a science teacher  in North Little Rock. Since that time, he has consistently sought to  provide students with a quality education. The work he has done leading  Springdale's public schools speaks for itself.   Dr. Rollins' motto when it comes to education is ``Teach them all.''  This worthy goal has been especially important in Springdale, where  enrollment has grown from 5,000 students when Dr. Rollins arrived in  1980 to nearly 23,000 students today. Many of these students are part  of immigrant families where English is not their first language. More  than 55 percent of the district's students are not proficient in  English, and around 75 percent qualify for free and reduced lunches. As  you might imagine, this has presented unique challenges to educators in  Springdale.   In order to meet these challenges and ensure that the school system  is doing everything it can to provide these students with a great  education, Dr. Rollins has introduced innovative programs that cater to  immigrant families, including the unique Marshallese population in  Springdale.   As superintendent, Dr. Rollins has fostered an atmosphere where  families feel welcome and understood so that parents, students,  teachers, and administrators are working together to create a  supportive environment that leads to growth in the classroom. In the  spirit of engaging the entire family in the education of every child,  Dr. Rollins has helped lead an effort in Springdale's schools to  promote English as a second language instruction for students and  parents.   This year, Dr. Rollins is once again being recognized for his  outstanding efforts in the achievements Springdale public schools have  enjoyed under his leadership. Dr. Rollins is being recognized as one of  Education Week's 2017 Leaders to Learn From, which highlights forward- thinking district leaders who are working to enact and inspire change  in our Nation's public schools. Dr. Rollins is certainly very deserving  of this honor. You only need to look at the work he has done over  several decades to understand that he has dedicated his professional  life to improving public education outcomes for every child in the  Springdale education district. The teachers and parents in his district  have also had wonderful things to say about Dr. Rollins and his  leadership in their community. I am so pleased that his trailblazing  work in Springdale public schools is being noticed by national  education organizations.  [[Page S1765]]    Dr. Rollins has made Arkansas very proud, and we are so grateful for  his leadership and commitment to educating children no matter where  they come from or their station in life. I am honored to know Dr.  Rollins, appreciate his friendship, and look forward to his continued  stewardship of the public school system in Springdale and the positive  influence he has on education throughout Arkansas.   Congratulations, Dr. Rollins, on a job well done.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   