 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from  the Rules Committee yielding me time.   I can't be in any more agreement with my friend from Florida just  now. We talked about this actually in the Rules Committee yesterday. If  you look at the actual language in the rule, it gets down to the fact  that you are adjudicated a mental defective. That is language that has  to be stopped in this. I know my friend from the Rules Committee, and  we serve on Judiciary together, we are going to actually look into  this. Because if we really want to start talking about veterans and  suicide, then we need to start addressing it head-on in real terms and  in real ways with the issues that they face and not simply saying that  we are going to take a right away.   It is amazing to me that we are discussing this issue. What about the  other amendments? Well, we are just going to do the Second Amendment.   In fact, what is happening right now among many, and for those who  need to understand this, many of our VA colleagues who want to go to  the Veterans Administration, have stopped going. If we want to actually  worry about some of this stuff that they are worrying about with their  mental health, then we need to take impediments away from them getting  help, to let them know that just because they have problems that they  can't process, getting help from the VA is something that should not be  predicated on a fiduciary or somebody helping them.   If they have got real issues, then follow the law. Follow the law.  Adjudicate this. Don't give just simple carte blanche to say: We are  going to take this away, and then, oh, by the way, go fix it yourself.   I said yesterday in the Rules Committee: I am still in the Air Force.  I am an attorney and a chaplain. I served in Iraq. I have delivered  these death notifications. I have counseled those who have called  saying: I don't find a reason to live, Chaplain.   When we begin to throw around loosely these terms as we did yesterday  in committee, when we send letters that say: if you vote for this, then  you are actually making it free and easier--I think was the wording--to  get guns to veterans. This is why this problem breaks down. This is why  we use veterans as pawns. If you are against this, vote ``no,'' but  don't use the cover of saying that you are helping people on suicide.  Get to the issues.    When we understand this, I understand the  discussions, and I understand the issues we have here, but not with  this. Make your vote. But don't cloak it. Don't call it crazy people.   Congressman Mast, that ain't what they are.   They are hurting. They need help. If this is an impediment to that,  then vote ``yes.'' If you want to vote ``no,'' fine, vote ``no.'' But  at least get the issue right.   The issue is that the Veterans Affairs is saying: We are going to  take your constitutional right away without adjudication and make you  do it on your own because we have an opinion about this that we think  could happen because you have got a fiduciary, you can't do it on your  own.   When we understand what is really at the heart of this, I would  encourage all to say: you know, the veterans, you just overstepped your  bounds here. We are going to put this back where it needs to be, and  then we are going to get on to the real issues of veterans who are  needing help.   I know my Florida appreciates that. We have talked about it before.  These veterans need help. Our VA needs help. Our hospitals need help.  The money and time that are spent to help these folks when they come  back--they are not crazy, they are not defective. They are just people  who have been through a tough time, and they need a little kindness,  compassion, and help.   They are not broken. I broke my leg. I stepped on a piece of glass,  and I cut my achilles. That is what happened to me. But if my mind-- everybody said: Your cast looks interesting. Nobody talks about it,  though, if I came home to say: I am depressed. I have an issue.   We start backing away. We have got to break that in our country.  Mental health has got to be a priority--this--to be against this and  claim what we are claiming here on the floor is wrong.  [[Page H2099]]        