 Mr. Speaker, by 2027, roughly one-third of middle class  families will be paying more in taxes, and that average family will be  paying $1,300 more.   The personal exemption, worth $4,150 per person in a family, that is  $21,000 for a family of five, and they take it away.   The moving expense deduction, if you have to move to keep your job,  you don't get to deduct that. But if you move a factory to China, you  get to deduct all of the moving expenses.   The student loan debt, they won't let you deduct it.   As for the effect on simplicity, my CPA and tax law homeboys are  going to be rolling in big dollars. Just from the provisions that  define the difference between personal service income, passive income,  active business income, the litigation and planning opportunities--talk  about complexity--it is all there, and my homeboys love it.   We currently deduct extraordinary medical expenses. That is important  to those with disabilities and families with children with special  needs. They wipe it out.   The extraordinary casualty loss deduction, they wipe out. That is  very important to people who face floods and fires.   They change the rules so that we don't have adequate indexing for  inflation, so everybody is pushed into a higher tax bracket by  inflation, except those at the very top; they are protected.   But look at the effect on our Nation's economy. This is a job- killing, deficit-exploding, growth-reducing disaster. Look at what  happened to Kansas. These policies have already devastated one of our  States.   You are going to be taking $1.5 trillion out of the money available  for business investment. The Federal Government will come in and borrow  all of that money, leaving less money for factories, farms, and homes.   As Ron Kind pointed out, there is an extra $800 billion of interest  on top of that just in the next 10 years. Keep in mind, this increase  in our debt is forever. Your grandchildren will be paying taxes on this  debt.   Look at the chart. We had the policies of Ronald Reagan from 1988-- when his 1986 law became effective--through 1993, and we had 2.67  percent growth. In 1994, we got Clinton tax policies and we exploded to  over 4 percent annual growth. Then with George W. Bush, we dropped to  1.7 percent growth. Then when we adopted Obama tax policies, which are  in force today, we are back up to 2.2 percent economic growth.   Which policies give you economic growth?   Let's look internationally. You can manufacture and pay zero percent  on the profits you earn by a factory, but only if it is a foreign  factory.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Finally, Mr. Zandi, one of the top economists in the  country, testified before our Financial Services Committee that this  bill means double-digit declines in the value of homes in American  metropolitan areas.   What effect does that have on the economy? Who is going to go out and  spend in the middle class when they are told that the equity in their  home has been virtually wiped out?   So you can vote against this bill because it is unfair, or you can  vote against this bill because it will be a crushing weight on our  economy, but don't engage in the fantasy that you can cut taxes and  make it up through ``economic growth.''   