 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Raskin  for organizing this terrific forum tonight.   I am here to, first of all, commend Senator Warner for going on the  Senate floor earlier today and drawing very bright lines for the  President of the United States. If Donald Trump were to either get  Robert Mueller fired or parting key witnesses, he will be violating  those red lines.   Now, everyone is entitled to their opinions, but not to your own  facts. So I am going to run through three facts about the special  counsel's investigation.   The first is that it is being led by three people: Deputy Attorney  General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the entire investigation;  Special Counsel Robert Mueller; and FBI Director Christopher Wray. All  three of them are Republicans. They were also appointed by a Republican  President.   FBI Director Christopher Wray also happened to have given over  $39,000 in political contributions exclusively to Republicans. So the  notion that this investigation is somehow a Democratic investigation is  false. It is a Republican investigation investigating a Republican  President.   The second fact you should know is Donald Trump cannot actually fire  Robert Mueller directly. He would have to fire Deputy Attorney General  Rod Rosenstein first because Mr. Rosenstein came to the Judiciary  Committee and testified under oath that there is no cause to fire  Special Counsel Mueller.   So for this to happen, Donald Trump would have to get Rod Rosenstein  fired. He would have to fire him. Then he would have to find another  person to put in that position who would fire Robert Mueller. So the  next person to take Rod Rosenstein's place would be Associate Attorney  General Rachel Brand. And while she is conservative and while she also  made over $37,000 of political contributions exclusively to  Republicans, she is also known as a person of integrity. I believe she  will not fire Robert Mueller. So Donald Trump would have to then fire  her. He would then have to stick a third person in, find anyone to fire  Robert Mueller.   Well, that is exactly what Richard Nixon did in the Saturday Night  Massacre when he fired three Department of Justice officials because  the first two would not fire their investigator against Richard Nixon.  So if Donald Trump wants to follow in the footsteps of Richard Nixon,  he is certainly welcome to try, but it will not end well for him.   And then the third fact that you should know is that no one has been  able to attack the actual legal actions of Robert Mueller. There has  been two guilty pleas: one of George Papadopoulos, a Trump campaign  official on the foreign policy team; and the second is Michael Flynn,  the former National Security Advisor to Donald Trump.   No one disputes that those guilty pleas have a solid legal and  factual basis. Two other people have also been indicted: Paul Manafort  and Mr. Gates. As people know, Mr. Manafort was the campaign manager  for Donald Trump for a period of time. No one disputes that those two  indictments have a solid factual and legal basis.   So nothing Robert Mueller has done can be attacked, and that is why  they are now doing a smear campaign on his team because they are  getting desperate. And when I say ``they,'' I am talking about the  White House as well as some of my colleagues in the House on the  Republican side.   I sat through a Judiciary Committee hearing that I thought was  disgraceful, with Members on the other side of the aisle trying to  smear not only FBI Director Christopher Wray, but also Rod Rosenstein  and Director Mueller. These are good people. They have integrity. And  if they think that the Women's March was large, wait till they see what  happens if the President actually tries to take these unconstitutional  and, what would really amount to, criminal actions because he would be  obstructing justice.   So, at the end of the day, it is very important for the American  people to understand that no one is above the law. That was the central  lesson of Watergate, it is the central lesson of American history, and  I urge the President to understand what happened in Watergate and to  refrain from taking criminal and unconstitutional actions.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  letting me clarify that statement.   It is a law enforcement investigation led by Republicans.    Mr. Speaker, that is absolutely right. I  trust FBI Director Christopher Wray and Associate Attorney General  Rachel Brand to do the right thing, even though they have made  contributions to Republicans, because it is demeaning and offensive to  the FBI and Department of Justice prosecutors to say that somehow they  can't be fair just because they have a political opinion in exercising  their rights under the First Amendment.   Keep in mind that under our democracy, fundamental to it is the rule  of law. To attack law enforcement and smear their credibility just  because you don't like where an investigation is heading is  disgraceful.   Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by quoting my favorite Press Secretary.  Sarah Sanders previously said: When you are attacking FBI agents  because you are under investigation, you are losing.   