 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the  nomination of Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army.    Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination of  Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army. Perhaps more than any other  service, our Army is experiencing the strain of 16 years of continuous  conflict. From our troops on the ground in Afghanistan and Iraq to  recent headlines about the tragic loss of four soldiers in Niger, there  are constant reminders that we remain a nation at war. And with rising  threats around the world, the operational tempo is not slowing down.   We owe our young men and women in uniform leadership that fits their  service. I am confident that Dr. Esper will provide our Army with that  leadership. His record of service in the Army, in the Pentagon, and on  Capitol Hill provides the foundation for the leadership our soldiers  deserve. I am also confident that he will call upon his experience in  the private sector to bring a reform mindset to the many challenges  facing our Army, such as the readiness crisis and the urgent gaps in  capabilities and modernization.   Dr. Esper began his career as an Infantry officer in the 101st  Airborne Division, serving with distinction in the first Gulf war. He  later served on active duty in Europe, and on the Army staff in  Washington, DC, before transitioning to the National Guard and retiring  after 21 years of service. He was an Airborne Ranger and recipient of  the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, and Meritorious Service Medals, among  other awards and qualifications.   Dr. Esper also worked national security issues on Capitol Hill with  many of my colleagues here. He was a professional staff member on the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Armed Services  Committee. Later, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense.   I will not hold it against him that he is a graduate of the U.S.  Military Academy at West Point. He also holds degrees from Harvard  University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and George Washington  University.   Our soldiers continue to prove their commitment, courage, skill, and  determination. In return, we owe them the same kind of leadership. I  believe Dr. Esper will provide that leadership.   I am proud to support Dr. Esper's nomination, and I ask my colleagues  to do the same.   I yield the floor.   