 Mr. President, there are a number of matters where we  disagree in the U.S. Senate, and they range from deeply held  foundational beliefs to the smallest details of legislative language.  Despite these disagreements, I believe there is a lot we can all agree  on.   I hope I speak for every Member of Congress in saying that in this  great Nation of ours, hard work should always be rewarded. If you play  by the rules and do the right thing, you should have an opportunity to  earn a good life for yourself and for your family. Our mothers,  fathers, and others before us have worked hard to ensure that we have a  fair shot at the American dream. Unfortunately, it feels like the  fabric of the American dream has started to fray for far too many  families. Even more troubling, we are seeing nominees from this  administration who seem committed to actively unraveling the support  and the protections that help workers get ahead.   Today we are considering the nomination of Peter Robb to be general  counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. Mr. Robb would be  responsible for ensuring safe working conditions and fair compensation  for American workers. He would be tasked with protecting the treasured  right of workers to engage in good-faith negotiations with their  employers.   However, a brief look at Mr. Robb's career reveals a clear track  record of working to undermine our Nation's workers and middle class on  behalf of corporate executives. To Mr. Robb's credit, he is not trying  to hide his record or run away from his record. All you have to do is  visit his firm's website, and you will see the experiences he is proud  to display. I believe it is a preview of how he will approach his  position at the National Labor Relations Board. His self-proclaimed  accomplishments include: advising large corporations on mergers,  acquisitions, and plant closings; securing labor injunctions; and  bringing suits against labor organizations.  [[Page S7093]]    When someone tells you who they are, believe them. While I certainly  believe that every American and corporation is entitled to vigorous  representation by their lawyers, I also believe Senators must evaluate  every nominee's full body of work. Let's be clear about how Mr. Robb  has chosen to spend his professional life: helping management close  plants and cut jobs, suing unions, delaying workers' rights to  collectively bargain, and defending companies that violate workplace  safety and fair pay laws.   At a time when corporate profits and executive compensation have  skyrocketed and worker wages are stagnant, I have no confidence in Mr.  Robb's ability to be a neutral arbiter between labor and management,  let alone advocate for the safety and the well-being of America's  working men and women. Our Nation's workers deserve a nominee who will  protect their right to negotiate for fair pay and safe working  conditions, not someone who has spent his entire career litigating  against workers. I will be voting against Mr. Robb's confirmation, and  I strongly urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   