 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to express my support for the Financial  CHOICE Act, to express my appreciation to Chairman Hensarling and the  committee for all their fine work, and to offer an amendment that will  help small community banks, organized as mutual holding companies,  attract investors and maintain longevity in communities across America  and in upstate New York, which I represent.   Seven years since its enactment, it has become glaringly apparent  that Dodd-Frank has worked to advantage big banks on Wall Street; but  for many of my constituents, the most detrimental aspects of Dodd-Frank  to upstate New York aren't necessarily what is going on on Wall Street  but, rather, the damage it has inflicted upon small community banks and  Main Street.   As has been highlighted here today, the U.S. is losing community  banks at a rate of one per day. These disappearing institutions are  neighborhood banks that are willing to make loans to families for  mortgages or home equity, to small businesses to cover payroll and  investment, investing in our communities, sponsoring our kids' baseball  teams, and understanding the core principles of the communities that  they serve.  [[Page H4795]]    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is quite simple. It seeks to help all  community banks that elect to raise capital through a mutual holding  company, or an MHC, charter.   Dodd-Frank and the implementing Federal Reserve regulations came down  hard on these mutual holding companies, putting onerous, expensive  regulations on these mutual holding companies just for them to waive  the receipts of dividends, a practice which was common pre-Dodd-Frank,  and it worked very well.   In New York State, banks such as the Bank of Greene County, NorthEast  Community Bank, Lake Shore Savings Bank, and many others throughout the  Empire State and throughout the country have been burdened by Dodd- Frank's nonsensical dividend waiver rules. My amendment cuts the red  tape, restores the dividend waiver process to what it was prior to  Dodd-Frank, and frees up capital to be reinvested in our communities.   I ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I have listened to the statement of the  gentleman from Minnesota, and I have to say I am reminded of what  former Senator Moynihan said about we are all entitled to our own  opinion, but not our own facts, and here are the facts.   The banks that are organized as mutual holding companies organize  that way. They are owned by their depositors, and they have also been  able to sell publicly traded stock, but they keep a majority position  in the mutual holding company. Why? Because they want to maintain the  community involvement. They want to maintain the community ownership  and not have their bank taken over by a distanced series of investors.  That is what is exactly happening with the Bank of Greene County, for  instance, in my district.    The Bank of Greene County, as a mutual holding company, they own 55  percent of the bank. So it is owned by the depositors, the public  shareholders, 45 percent; but because of Dodd-Frank and because of the  change in the regulatory process that was eliminated in Dodd-Frank,  every time the mutual holding company has dividends, annually, to  waive, they must send a notice to every depositor. A depositor who  might have $5 in the account or $50,000, they have to mail a notice to  them. It costs them $150,000 a year that is simply wasted, and that  money can't be reinvested in our community.   Mr. Chair, I regret that the minority is misrepresenting what we are  trying to do here. We are defending the interests of small community  banks organized as mutual holding companies that want to keep their  ownership of their bank local. In fact, the bank that I am talking  about, they don't even securitize their mortgages. They underwrite and  they keep all their mortgages locally in their portfolio.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling), the distinguished chairman of  the committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   