 Madam President, in 2010 the American people were promised  a number of things, but among  [[Page S88]]  those things was affordable, accessible, and quality health care. They  were promised that if they liked their health care plans, if they liked  their insurance, they could keep those insurance policies. They were  promised a system that could get more folks covered at lower costs.   Instead, unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act has failed us and has  failed to keep its promises. Canceled policies, elimination of certain  plans, difficulties in identifying new plans, massive premium  increases, sky-high deductibles, and limited options for doctors have  really become a new standard for many American families.   At the end of last year, I completed another round of 105 townhall  meetings in our State. There are 105 counties in Kansas. On occasion-- it is pretty rare but on occasion someone will say: The Affordable Care  Act was helpful to me and my family. My response to that is: I am glad,  but surely we can come up with a proposal--a plan--that isn't so  damaging to so many other people for the benefits that you claim you  have acquired under the Affordable Care Act. Surely, we can come up  with a plan that doesn't increase premiums, increase deductibles,  increase copayments, eliminate plans, reduce the choice of the  physician you see, and reduce your ability to keep the health care plan  that you like. Because I am opposed to the Affordable Care Act does not  mean I am opposed to trying to make sure Americans have better options  and more affordable care.   I have also visited all 127 hospitals in our State. I have had  conversations with the chief financial officer, the CEO, the trustees,  the doctors, the nurses, and almost without exception the conversation  is about how bad debt expenses increase, the ability for their  patients--people who are admitted to the hospital--to pay their bills  is less, not more, and that is because they can't afford the copayments  and deductibles.   Unfortunately, ObamaCare--the Affordable Care Act--has taken away the  freedom to make health care decisions from Americans, from us as  individuals, and given way too much authority to the Federal  Government. Kansans continue to ask me to help them get back to their  former health care plans, to find a better way to do this, a plan that  is more affordable with better coverage.   Over the last 6 years, I have advocated for a number of changes to  our health care plan to help American families. Even before President  Obama was President, we were talking about what we ought to do.   I had ideas of what we could do to improve the chances that people  across Kansas and around the country would have a better opportunity to  provide health care insurance for themselves and their family members.  I am proud of some of the successes we have had in recent time.   I am a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee and a supporter  of funding for NIH, or the National Institutes of Health. This is  research that is essential to saving and improving lives, growing our  economy, and maintaining America's role as a global leader, but, most  importantly, it saves lives and improves health care. In addition, it  saves money--the cost of health care--if we can find the cure and  treatment for cancer, for diabetes, for Alzheimer's. One of the ways we  can help reduce the cost of health care and make it more affordable is  to make certain that we make the necessary investments in finding those  cures and treatments.   Last year, I supported, and this Senate and Congress passed, the 21st  Century Cures Act. This takes us in additional directions in the way of  finding those cures for life-altering diseases and, in the process,  helps us to save our families' dollars. We have also worked hard to try  to maintain the funding for Federal programs and agencies that work  with universities and medical schools to train and recruit medical  professionals who then go on to serve particularly in medically  underserved areas. It is very typical of your State and mine, Madam  President, in which we are experiencing the constant shortage of the  necessary professionals to provide the necessary health care.   While this is progress, with a new Congress, a new year, and a new  administration, we now have a tremendous opportunity to provide real  substantive reform to our health care system. I mentioned the  conversations I have had in townhall meetings. In addition to the  health care side of the Affordable Care Act and the problems it has  created for affordable and accessible health care, we have also had the  challenges on the economic side--the job creation side--that the  Affordable Care Act has unfortunately caused--the conversation about  whether or not to expand a business, whether or not to exceed the 50- employee threshold. Those aspects of the Affordable Care Act are very  damaging and need to be addressed and cured as well.   As we as a Senate, we as a Congress, and we as a country look for a  replacement strategy, for something different--significantly different  than the Affordable Care Act--we ought to focus on the practical  reforms that embrace increased flexibility and allow American men and  women to decide what is right for them and their individual family  health care needs.   As we take this matter up in Congress, I wish to again put forth some  specific ideas I have offered over the years as a blueprint for reform  that we should try to put in place.   First, we should maintain preexisting condition protections for those  with continuous coverage. Individuals with debilitating diseases and  chronic conditions who have purchased health care should be reassured  that their coverage will not be stripped in any future health care  changes to our system.   Second, we can increase coverage by enabling Americans to shop for  plans from coast to coast, no matter what State they live in. This will  lower the premiums by spurring greater competition in the insurance  market.   Third, we should extend tax savings to those who purchase health care  coverage, regardless of their employment. To assist low-income  Americans, we can offer tax credits to help them obtain the private  insurance of their choice. We also can expand access to care by  supporting community health centers and other primary care access  points.   Fourth, instead of limiting the choice of plans, let's give small  businesses and organizations the ability to pool together in order to  offer health insurance at lower premiums, similar to corporations and  labor unions. We also need to make it possible for health insurance to  travel with workers when they move from one job to another job  throughout their careers.   Fifth, we ought to increase the incentives available to individuals  to save now for their future and for long-term care needs by empowering  them to utilize health savings accounts and other incentive plans.  Doing so enables individuals to take ownership in their health, and  that is important as well.   Sixth, we need not accept the idea that costs for currently available  medical treatments will inevitably rise. Instead, let's continue to  support those things that bring down the cost of health care by finding  cures and treatments, as I mentioned, with the National Institutes of  Health. Advancing lifesaving medical research and spurring innovation  can help us accomplish health care savings, reducing the financial  burden for those with diseases and their family members who care for  them.   Seventh, we need to address shortages in our medical workforce by  promoting education and programs at our universities and our medical  schools that train physicians, nurses, and other health care officials  and encourage them to practice in underserved areas through scholarship  and loan repayment programs. Kansas is an example, as is your State,  Madam President, where those rural areas and, additionally, those core  centers of our cities lack so often the necessary health care  providers.   Eighth, in order to curb the preventable costs that often occur  through unnecessary emergency room visits and untreated symptoms of  disease, we should provide coverage to low-income Americans, despite  their limited financial means, in a financially sustainable way that  ends up saving money in the long run. For all of us, the best reduction  in health care costs is wellness, fitness, diet, and nutrition. That  also means early preventive care. It means early diagnosis, and we make  certain that Americans have access to that diagnosis and that early  treatment. Ensuring access to quality care with a focus on preventive  health is an effective way to limit high-cost health visits that place  burdens on hospitals,  [[Page S89]]  physicians, our economy, and our health care system as a whole.   Lastly, we can reform our medical liability system and reduce  frivolous lawsuits that result in inflated premiums and the practice of  defensive medicine, where doctors order every possible test out of fear  of potential lawsuit. Doing so can save tens of billions of dollars  each year and make health care more affordable for more people.   The bureaucracy that goes with the providing of health care needs to  be simplified. I have often looked behind the desk when I go see my  family physician and wonder what all the people who are working there  are doing. So much of it is not about patient care but navigating the  system by which your health care bill, at least in part, gets paid.  There is all the variety of insurance forms. I know this in my life-- the ability to understand that insurance document that arrives in the  mail and sits on our kitchen table waiting for my wife or me to figure  out what this means. I have seen this with my own parents when they  were living--the amount of documents, paperwork, and forms and checks  for $13.19 that arrived in my dad's mailbox and trying to figure out  with my parents: What does that mean? Why am I getting this?   So much cost savings and so much anxiety and angst could be  eliminated if we had a system that was much more uniform in its  presentation, simplifying the way in which our health care bill gets  paid by our insurance provider, by Medicare, by Medicaid, or out of our  own pocket. I would defy most Americans to be able, unfortunately, to  understand what is the stuff that comes in the mail and what it means  to them.   As we move forward with trying to replace and improve access of  Americans to health care--to affordable health care--I believe there  are reforms that will provide us with a good blueprint for how to start  helping Kansans and all Americans across the country who have suffered  under the deficiencies and the costs and the damage that comes from  ObamaCare.   I look forward to working with my colleagues--Republicans and  Democrats--to find solutions to take advantage of this opportunity that  we have. The American people--many American people, most American  people--are hurting under this law, and they have spoken clearly  numerous times. It is time for us to bring to them the changes that  improve their lives by improving their health care, by improving their  health, and by making sure that no American is worried about whether or  not the necessary health care that they need or their family member  needs is outside of their reach.    I yield.    I yield.    I thank the Senator from Delaware, and I appreciate his  comments. He did walk in just as I was talking about that particular  issue of a series of things that I believe would improve the cost and  affordability of health care. I thank the Senator for sharing his  experience in Delaware and elsewhere and use that as an opportunity to  indicate that the cost savings that comes from that kind of reform is a  positive, but we also want to make sure those who, through no fault of  their own, are actually harmed are made whole to the best of our  ability that this can be accomplished.   Finally, I would use this as an opportunity to point out that this  Senate ought to work in a way in which the ideas of all 100 Members are  considered in a respectful way as we try to find solutions to the  access and affordability of health care.   Again, I thank you for the time on the floor.    Madam President, I would welcome a membership on the  Finance Committee, but I don't have one at this stage or with my time  in the Senate. Under either circumstance--membership on the Finance  Committee or here in the entire Senate--I look forward to working with  my friend and colleague, the diligent Senator from Delaware.  [[Page S90]]    I yield my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.   