 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  and I appreciate his leadership on this.   I just heard my friend talk about these imaginary practices. If they  are, in fact, imaginary, what is the problem in terms of having Fish  and Wildlife moving to bring hunting standards in Federal lands in  Alaska more in line with standards for other Federal lands across  America?   The fact is that these practices can, in fact, occur, and it is the  judgment of the professionals in this field that developed this  proposal for the Fish and Wildlife Service. These are the people who  are charged with understanding the dynamics, who understand the  interaction, based on sound science going forward. The majority of  people in Alaska do not support such practices. These are basically the  rules that the rest of America deals with in terms of our wildlife  refuges.   I spent a lot of time working in the area of animal welfare. It is  something that I find is one of those rare areas in Congress where  there is far more agreement than disagreement. We find, across the  country, 25,000 organizations that are dedicated to animal welfare.  This is an area that I am sad to see we are breaking down now with, I  think, unnecessary controversy.   Being able to deal with wildlife management and protection, being  able to deal with humane hunting practices, to be able to allow the  professionals in the Fish and Wildlife Service and elsewhere to be able  to help in developing uniform standards is something that should not be  unnecessarily divisive. I am hopeful that we give the Fish and Wildlife  Service the authority and responsibility to manage these refuges and  that we respect the fact that they took public input into account; they  weighed the comments; they put forward a thoughtful rule.   Being able to nullify this rule entirely, return to some of the most  inhumane practices, is simply inappropriate. Instead of rolling back  these rules, we should respect the agency's expertise, the wishes of  the vast majority of the people we represent, and uniform provisions to  apply to all wildlife refuges.   I am really disappointed that the rhetoric reaches this level and  that we are rushing ahead with making changes like this without  providing the foundation that would normally occur in the legislative  process. This rule is a culmination of a great deal of time and energy,  public input, scientific expertise, and hard work. To overturn it  summarily, as this Congress has been doing in other areas, I think is a  step backwards. It is something that is not supported by the public,  and I think it is something that we ought to strongly reject.   