 I thank Congressman Veasey for the work that he does in  representing Fort Worth, Texas.   Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege and an honor to be the chairman of the  Congressional Black Caucus in that we represent almost 80 million  Americans, 17 million of whom are African American; but the real reason  is that it is a talented group of 49 people, and we are going to need  each and every one of them to keep track of this rapid, schizophrenic  style of governing that we are dealing with. I will just talk about the  two most egregious things from this past week, which are the  allegations of voter fraud and his nomination of a person to run the  Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice and his  unconstitutional ban on Muslims.   Since 2010, 20 States have restricted voting rights by enacting  discriminatory voter ID and proof of citizenship laws, illegally  purging thousands of proper voters from the rolls, cutting back early  voting, limiting voter registration, and engaging in other suppressive  tactics. These laws were put in place to combat the notion of voter  fraud despite the fact that there is no evidence of widespread voter  fraud in the United States.   More than a dozen recent investigations and studies all show voter  fraud to be virtually nonexistent. A 2014 Washington Post investigation  found 31 incidents of voter fraud in the more than 1 billion ballots  that were cast in elections at all levels of government from 2000 to  2014. Of the more than 137 million ballots cast in the 2016 election,  election and law enforcement officials in all 50 States have yet to  report any indications of widespread voter fraud.   But, if there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud, what reason  could anyone have, including the President, for this claim? The truth  is that Republicans have used the voter fraud lie to restrict voting  rights for years. Voter ID laws have been sponsored by Republicans and  have been passed overwhelmingly by Republican legislatures.   Richard Posner, a conservative U.S. circuit court judge appointed by  President Reagan, has called the concerns about voter fraud a mere fig  leaf that is intended to justify laws that appear to be aimed at  limiting voting by minorities, especially Blacks. In July 2016, a U.S.  circuit court struck down North Carolina's law, calling it the most  restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim  Crow. The judges charged that Republican lawmakers had targeted African  Americans with almost surgical precision.   Let me just turn very briefly to the President's ill-advised,  unconstitutional executive order that purportedly promotes national  security. Keeping America safe is a top priority for all of us, but  this order is wrong. It is wrong because it makes us less safe, and it  is wrong because it goes against our American values. This is the  latest in President Trump's series of actions that shows that his  number one priority is short-term shows of intolerance instead of the  long-term security of the American people.   Actions by the Oval Office directly affect people's lives. When the  President is making policy up on the fly, it has real harmful  consequences in the lives of everyday Americans. The fact that the  Secretary of Homeland Security--a committee in Congress on which I  serve--was not included in discussions about implementing the executive  order, even though this Department is in charge of its implementation,  is clear evidence of a broken system. Shutting out the mothers,  children, fathers, and families who are fleeing the same violence that  we fight against is exactly what ISIS and similar groups want us to do,  and it only strengthens their hands. This haphazard order does nothing  to keep Americans safe. In fact, it hurts our efforts to fight against  terrorism.   Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, to my colleague from Texas that the  President of the United States, when addressing Liberty University,  cited ``2 Corinthians,'' while most church-going people in the country  would say ``Second Corinthians.'' He cited 2 Corinthians 2:17,  which reads, wherever the Lord is, there is liberty and freedom, but  there can't be liberty and freedom without meaningful access to the  voting polls. He didn't need to get to chapter 3. He really could have  just stopped at the first few paragraphs of the Second Corinthians,  which read: ``Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ .  . . who comforts us in our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort  those who are in any trouble.''    The question becomes: Why go to Liberty University and offer your  Christian values?   It always talks about the least of these in the Bible and what we are  doing to help others and to do unto others as you would have them do  unto you so that, as soon as mothers and children and families are  fleeing persecution and certain death, we put a wall up around our  country, shut down our airports, and say: We don't care what trouble  you are in. You just can't come here.   That goes against everything that this country was founded on. It  goes against my Christian values, and it  [[Page H724]]  goes against any purported Christian values of anyone's in these United  States of America.   