 Mr. President, today I wish to urge support for H.J. Res.  40. The Second Amendment to our U.S. Constitution reads, ``A well  regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the  right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.''  The fact that our Nation's Founding Father's penned this constitutional  right to follow another central freedom--the constitutional right to  free speech--speaks to the importance of this basic right.   H.J. Res. 40, the resolution currently under consideration, would  protect Social Security beneficiaries from having their constitutional  rights arbitrarily revoked by the Social Security Administration. As a  cosponsor of the Senate companion resolution introduced by Senator  Grassley, I support this critically important effort. The resolution  would halt a rule issued by the Social Security Administration in the  waning days of the outgoing Obama administration.   The previous administration, I might add, continuously sought to take  away the Second Amendment rights of Americans through Executive orders  and rulemaking. This is yet another example of an unjust leftover of  that effort that needs to be corrected. In December 2016, under the  direction of the Executive branch, the Social Security Administration  issued a final rule to gather and submit information to the National  Instant Criminal Background Check System, NICS, on individuals who are  determined to be what NICS refers to as ``mentally deficient.'' In this  case, a person can be reported to NICS simply for using a  representative payee in managing their benefits.   It is not uncommon for the Social Security Administration to appoint  someone to act as representative payee for a beneficiary who may need  assistance to manage their benefits. The use of a representative payee  is not indicative of mental deficiency. In fact, over 8 million  beneficiaries need help managing their benefits, according to the  Social Security Administration. Statute requires that, for an  individual to be deemed ``mentally deficient,'' a court, board, or  other lawful authority must find that the person is a danger to  themselves or others or is unable to contract or manage their own  affairs.   Under the rule that went into effect last week, SSA will be required  to report individuals who have been appointed a representative payee to  NICS. The Social Security Administration is not a court of law, and SSA  officers are not a ``lawful authority.'' Equally alarming is the lack  of an established appeals process to enable the removal of names from  the system once entered. The Administration's lack of regard for due  process is unacceptable.   We must reject the Obama administration's improper assumption that  individuals are a danger to themselves or society because they  participate in SSA's representative payee system. A January 2016 White  House fact sheet estimated that SSA's rule would add 75,000  beneficiaries to the NICS list each year. The number of law-abiding  individuals who will be added to the NICS list will likely be much  higher. Thousands, if not millions, of Americans stand to lose their  Second Amendment rights.   Over 91,000 comments were submitted to the Social Security  Administration following the publication of the proposed NICS rule. I,  along with several of my colleagues, wrote the Social Security  Administration on four occasions to express our concerns about the  proposed rule. Our concerns, and the concerns of 91,000 Americans, were  clearly not factored into the rulemaking process.   Old age does not make someone a threat to society, and having a  representative payee is not grounds to revoke constitutional rights.  Millions of seniors are at risk of having their Second Amendment rights  arbitrarily revoked on behalf of an Executive that is no longer in  office. This is a brazen attack on our constitutional right to keep and  bear arms. Please join me in stopping this outrageous rule that was  finalized in the waning weeks of a lameduck administration. Join me in  protecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens.   