 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for yielding.  This really isn't that complicated. The JCPOA is a failed policy that  was put up by a President who had no interest in protecting this  country as it should be. President Trump is finally bringing this back  to this country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4324, the  Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act. This important  legislation is critical to hold Iran accountable and ensure the  integrity of U.S. sanctions against Iran.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Roger Williams for his great work on  this legislation. The Iran deal allows the United States to license the  sale of passenger aircraft to Iran to update their civilian commercial  airliner fleet. Despite the deal, Iran's behavior has not changed, and  they still remain a principal state sponsor of international terrorism,  a direct contributor in propping up the Syrian regime, and a major  facilitator of money laundering.   However, enabling commercial aircraft sales could only fortify Iran's  rogue behavior. Many, including the Department of Treasury, are  concerned that commercial aircraft could be used for noncivilian  purposes, considering the state-controlled airline, Iran Air, has  facilitated Iran's destabilization of Syria by transporting missile and  rocket components to the Syrian regime.   Justice Louis Brandeis once stated that, ``Sunlight is said to be the  best of disinfectants,'' and that is what this legislation seeks to do.  It simply adds a crucial layer of reporting requirements, certifying  that the sale of passenger aircraft does not pose a money laundering  risk or violate U.S. sanctions.   Iranian continues to threaten the stability of the Middle East, and  it poses a threat to U.S. national interests. Holding Iran accountable  and preventing them from continuing to destabilize Syria should not be  controversial at all.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully urge all of my colleagues to strongly  support this legislation.   