 Mr. Speaker, every time I have the privilege of  addressing this body, I am reminded of  [[Page H2579]]  how lucky we all are to live in a country where I am free to speak my  mind without fear of retribution or retaliation. It is one of the great  privileges of being an American. Yet for far too many around the world,  freedom of conscience is still a distant dream.   Nowhere is this more apparent than in Russia, where Vladimir Putin's  thuggish regime has poisoned the promise of the post-Soviet era and day  by day has slid Russia back into the dark shadows of autocracy. Just  last Sunday, thousands of Russians took to the streets and squares in  protest of the Kremlin's corruption. And in return, Russian police  arrested hundreds of protesters, including Vladimir Putin's political  challenger, Alexei Navalny.   But the Putin regime's barbarity isn't just a polite policy  difference. Russians of exceptional courage are dying, including as  recently as last week, as the regime cultivates an atmosphere of fear  and intimidation.   Vladimir Putin's campaign of murder is not limited to domestic  political opponents. Like all dictators, Putin seeks to rally his  nation's support by channeling public fear and anger against external  enemies. Time and again, first in Georgia, then in Ukraine, and now in  Syria, Vladimir Putin has warned us exactly who he is. As recent as  last night, the commander of CENTCOM announced that Russia is likely  providing support to the Taliban in Afghanistan.   Mr. Speaker, I am afraid we have exhausted our warnings. Russian  aggression, if left unchecked, may soon cross a line past which there  is no return.   You see, what Vladimir Putin wants is fundamentally at odds with  American interests. After the Second World War, America laid the  foundation for a new and better world, drawn together by common values  and forged from the fires of war. We did this not just because we are a  generous people but because we are a wise people.   Farsighted American statesmen realized that creating the architecture  for peace in Europe was a far better investment than returning to  isolationism and then one day having to pay the butcher's bill, as we  did twice during the first half of the 20th century.   As Europe is changing, Vladimir Putin dreams of restoring the Soviet  Union's prestige and power, and his ultimate goal is clear: the end of  the postwar-American project in Europe and the return of power politics  unencumbered by the rules of the road that we established to our  benefit in concert with our allies.   And so the stakes, in my mind, could not be any higher. If we do not  stand up to Putin now, his aggression will continue until one day he  goes too far. On that day, we may face an unimaginable choice between  war or the destruction of the NATO alliance. And whichever we choose,  we will have lost.   Despite Putin telling us exactly who he is, I have heard some say we  should try to work with Russia to find areas of common ground. Yet we  have seen firsthand how the last administration's reset has not led to  better relations but to a tide of Russian aggression.   I do not believe Putin desires war with the United States. What he  desires is the fruits of conquest without the cost. He holds the cards  of a bluffer, and he is gradually raising the stakes in an effort to  get us to fold. Fortunately, it is the U.S., not Russia, who holds the  stronger hand. We cannot, and we must not, give Putin the acquiescence  he requires to succeed in his plot to overturn the world we created.   When it comes to Russia's interference in our elections, we must put  the country and the sanctity of our democracy far above partisan  interests. For any American to collaborate against our own government  with a government that seeks to undermine our country would, indeed, be  nothing short of treasonous. But I call on my Democrat friends to  resist the urge to treat this critical issue as nothing more than an  opportunity to score political points.   And I call on my fellow Republicans to unwaveringly pursue  investigations into efforts by Vladimir Putin to undermine our  democracy, wherever they may lead.   I will close with this, Mr. Speaker. In our twilight struggle against  the clouds of dictatorship, we must maintain what the former Soviet  dissident Natan Sharansky calls moral clarity. Sharansky contrasts free  societies with fear societies, where citizens live in perpetual unease.  While even free societies are not perfect, they must never play into  the hands of fear society propagandists who assert the dubious sense of  moral relativism.   After all of these years, we are still Ronald Reagan's America--a  light on a hill shining brightly as a beacon for all mankind. There is  no moral equivalence between the United States and any society based  upon fear, let alone Vladimir Putin's Russia.   American exceptionalism remains buried deep in all our bones. We are  not just a free society; we are the model free society. Our values and  our deeds will endure long after each of us in this Chamber is gone.   Mr. Speaker, the conflict before us is a simple one: we cannot fall  prey to false equivalencies or fail to recognize our adversaries for  who they are. Let us steel ourselves today in this Chamber and rise to  stop Mr. Putin's aggression in its tracks, both against our own Nation  and against those who have proven themselves to be our closest friends  and allies.   