 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my  good friends Bob Brady and Rodney Davis and Joe Barton--not only good  friends, but people that have been associated with the Congressional  Baseball Game for a long time.   Mr. Speaker, every day, thousands of people, including Members of  Congress and their staffs, rely upon the men and women of the U.S.  Capitol Police to protect us. Over the years, the Capitol Police have  been called upon to respond to a number of violent attacks, selflessly  risking life and limb to protect us and the people who visit this  Capitol. As was mentioned, this is the anniversary where Officers  Gibson and Chestnut made the ultimate sacrifice to protect the then- leader of the House.   I know that all of us here are very grateful to the U.S. Capitol  Police for their efforts every day to keep our Capitol safe.   Everyone pretty much knows what happened. Members of the Republican  baseball team were attacked a little over a month ago. Each day we  would get up at about 6 in the morning to go to baseball practice. It  is a wonderful tradition that has been going on for over 100 years here  in the House of Representatives, one game each year, Democrats against  the Republicans, with the proceeds going to three charities: the Boys  and Girls Club of Washington, D.C.; the Washington Literacy Council;  and the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation.   It is not a softball game; it is a hardball game. We play hardball in  Washington. We get to play at the Washington Nationals' stadium, and we  get to wear our home team uniforms and relive our youth. Most of us  were just amateur baseball players in Little League and PONY League. We  have a few guys that played at the college level. We go out there and  we practice every day and give it our all. It is great comradery. We  build great friendships over the years. Every year we would get about  9,000 or 10,000 people that actually come to the Washington Nationals'  stadium and would raise about half a million dollars for the charities.   Well, this year, something happened that none of us ever dreamed when  we got up every morning and went to the practice, and that was a  shooter showed up that day at this park in Northern Virginia and  started firing on the Republican baseball team.   Our team was practicing at the same time at a different location, and  the first text I got on my phone during our batting practice was from  one of my staff that asked me if I was okay. I couldn't understand why  he was asking me that question, but about a second later news came on  our telephones that there had been a shooter at the congressional  baseball practice. It wasn't at first said which one it was. I knew it  wasn't ours, so I knew it had to be the Republican practice.   When we called our players off the field, my thoughts immediately  went to Joe Barton's son Jack, someone whom I have become good friends  with over the years.   Jack is, what, Joe, 11 years old?   I think I have known him since he was much younger than that. Jack  will come here on the floor during the baseball week, and he will come  over and he will say hello to me, and I will try to see if I can get  any secrets from Jack about his dad's strategy against the Democratic  team. Jack would always say: ``I can't give you any information on  that.'' I thought about him right away as we knew that the shots were  being fired and that people were down.   We called our team into the dugout, and about the only thing we could  think to do, Joe, was to sit down and to say a prayer that you were  safe. I prayed that Jack was safe and that nobody was seriously hurt  that day.   As we all know, our colleague and good friend Steve Scalise was  seriously wounded and, to this day, is still  [[Page H6185]]  in the hospital. We want to send our prayers and best wishes to Steve  that he recovers fully, and that he and his family can get back to a  normal course of life.   But what a lot of people don't realize, had Steve Scalise not been  there that day, his protective detail, Officers Bailey and Griner,  wouldn't have been there that day either. Our friends on the Republican  baseball team would have been pretty much defenseless against this guy  with an assault rifle and an automatic pistol.   But to their credit, Officers Bailey and Griner--this gentleman  started over at the third baseline, and our friends were seeking cover  in the first base dugout, which was recessed, to get some protection.  But as the shooter started to move towards home plate, these officers  realized that he was going to have an angle into that dugout, and there  could have been a lot of people killed. They came out from their cover  and literally charged at this shooter, and both of them were hit. They  continued to fire on this gunman even after they had been hit, and with  the help of some Alexandria Police officers, too, brought this shooter  down.   Thank God no one on the baseball team or staff--all the people on  that field--lost their life that day. The shooter did, but no one else  did.   When you sit down and think about what it takes to make that decision  to put your life at risk for someone else, Officers Griner and Bailey  knew that when they came out in the open like that and started shooting  at this guy that they very well could lose their life trying to make  sure nobody else did. But they did their job, and they did what they  were trained to do.   Both of them got hurt and both are recovering from these bullet  wounds, and they have out-of-pocket costs. Their healthcare doesn't  cover all of their expenses. They are on administrative leave. They are  not making the same pay they would make as a protective detail officer.  There was no means for us to help them because of the way this fund was  structured, only to make payments if an officer lost their life in the  line of duty. I think Joe was correct when he said it was almost  created specifically for the two officers that lost their lives.   We both came to realize that there needed to be a change in the law  if we were going to be able to help Officers Bailey and Griner and, in  the future, if an officer was seriously wounded in the line of duty,  for payments to be made out of this fund. That is the purpose of this  piece of legislation that we have over 100 cosponsors for. I believe  every member of the Democratic and Republican baseball teams has signed  on as cosponsors. I know a lot of other Members who weren't on the  teams have also put their names to this because we want to make sure  that Crystal and David know that we care about them.   I can tell you, the night of the baseball game, David Bailey was at  our game, and if you would have seen the Members come up and hug him  and express their appreciation for what he did, it was a very emotional  moment. I know Crystal threw out the first pitch at the women's  softball game.   Those are two heroic people. Those are two people that put their  lives secondary to the lives of the people they are sworn to protect,  and I think it is only fitting and proper that this body pass this  piece of legislation that will allow us the opportunity to help make  them whole again and to let the rest of our Capitol Police force know  that they have our backs and that we are going to make sure that we  have their backs,   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my good friend Joe Barton and the  entire Republican and Democratic baseball teams in supporting this  piece of legislation. I hope the Senate moves swiftly on it and we can  get this passed.   