 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from North  Carolina, for his leadership not only of the Republican Study Committee  as the new chairman--and I welcome you as the new chairman of the  Republican Study Committee--but for his leadership on issues related to  the importance of repealing this disastrous law that is making life  harder on the American people; and not just repealing it, but replacing  it with policy ideas that put power back in the hands of patients,  their families, and their doctors instead of driving up costs, forcing  people to lose their healthcare plans, forcing the government to ration  health care. We need a better way.   I am proud to say that we are supporting not just repealing ObamaCare  here tonight, but bringing to the American people some constructive,  positive ideas that will make life easier for them and improve their  lives through better patient-centered health care.   Mr. Speaker, Kentucky was once portrayed by President Obama, a red  State, as a model of the implementation of ObamaCare. Yet, every day in  Kentucky, in my district in central and eastern Kentucky, I hear  stories from families and small businesses and individuals who have  been hurt by this disastrous law.   Now, over the next few weeks, as President-elect Trump comes into  office and as this Congress revisits the issue of healthcare reform, I  expect we will hear from our friends on the other side of the aisle,  arguments like ``Don't repeal ObamaCare. We have 20 million new  Americans who have insurance.''   But that statistic needs to be scrutinized because the truth of the  matter is ObamaCare forced people to lose their health care. In many  cases, and in Kentucky as an example, many of my constituents lost  high-quality, private, commercial health insurance through their  workplace, and millions of Americans received cancellation notices in  the mail. Their small employers told them that they were going to have  to change their health plans because of this law.   So not only do we see now skyrocketing costs for those who currently  have health insurance, but many Americans who our friends on the other  side of the aisle say now are insured or covered, these are folks who  lost their health insurance before.   What happened?   They lost high-quality, job-based health insurance, and so they were  forced into these exchanges. In Kentucky it was called Kynect. In many  cases, they went to the cheapest plan available, which happened to be  Medicaid. Well, my fellow Americans, access to a waiting line is not  access to health care. Unfortunately, Medicaid is oftentimes access to  a waiting line, and it is not access to true health care.   President Obama's promise that his healthcare law would help people  has not turned out to be the case. In terms of cost, remember, this is  called the Affordable Care Act, but it is anything but affordable  because even though he promised that premiums would decline  [[Page H375]]  by $2,500 a year for the average family, premiums have actually  increased for hardworking Americans. Premiums have increased for 11  million people, according to a report by the Centers for Medicare &  Medicaid Services. Millions of Americans, as I said before, lost  previous coverage or had to change doctors due to this disastrous law.   Take, for example, Laura in my congressional district in Kentucky.  Laura is a young mother who had a baby girl, Catherine. Catherine was  diagnosed with a congenital heart defect, ventricular septal defect at  birth, which is basically a hole in the wall of the heart. They needed  high-quality pediatric cardiology to help Catherine. So they got a  specialist at Boston Children's Hospital. Of course, a long way away  from Kentucky, but they wanted the best, of course, for their daughter.  When ObamaCare went into effect, unfortunately they lost their job- based health insurance that allowed them to access these specialists up  in Boston for Catherine. The result was, they lost their doctor.   What do you think a young mother and a young father are going to do  in that situation?   Guess what, they had to find a very expensive policy to cover a  Boston surgeon out of network out of State, and so their costs  skyrocketed.   This is the kind of thing that was happening to millions of Americans  as a result of ObamaCare.   Look, ObamaCare obviously reduced choice and competition. There are  now only three plans participating in the ObamaCare exchange in  Kentucky, one of which covers a full 78 percent of the State's  individual marketplace enrollees. In many States there is only one plan  on the exchange. This has left too many families with no choice but to  purchase high-deductible, high-premium coverage. In Kentucky, insurance  plans have been forced to raise premiums by 23 percent in 2017 alone.    There is a better way, and the better way is healthcare reform that  is focused on the patient, not putting bureaucrats in charge, not  taking away choices, not driving up costs, not creating narrow networks  for people, not forcing people out of their high-quality private health  insurance into government-run health care, but, instead, empowering  patients to access more affordable private coverage.   And one of the ways we can lower the cost of health care, make it  more affordable for people to access high-quality private health  insurance, is medical malpractice reform.   Frivolous lawsuits, junk lawsuits, have driven up the cost of health  care in this country significantly. One of the fatal flaws of ObamaCare  is that it never addressed this cost of healthcare inflation.   Over the course of their careers, it is estimated that 75 percent of  all physicians will face a malpractice claim. Now, to be sure, some of  those cases of medical negligence are legitimate. And, of course, those  plaintiffs should be able to fully recover damages for those cases of  genuine actual malpractice. But for these frivolous lawsuits, that is  driving up the cost of care. The fact that ObamaCare never even dealt  with that issue is a fundamental flaw in the previous efforts to reform  our healthcare system.   So I am a proud cosponsor of the Republican Study Committee's America  Health Care Reform Act. In the American Health Care Reform Act is  legislation that I introduced with Senator Barrasso called the Saving  Lives, Saving Costs Act. This doesn't cap damages for cases of actual  malpractice, but if there is a frivolous claim, if the liability  climate is producing frivolous lawsuits, what we say is this: If you  are a hospital or a doctor or a nurse and you practice in accordance  with peer reviewed, evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, that  there should be a higher standard of proof for that plaintiff to get to  a jury trial.   We want a safe harbor for our outstanding medical professionals who  practice in accordance with the latest state-of-the-art guidelines on  how to take care of patients.   So this does two things. Number one, it raises the standard of care.  We are helping people access better, higher-quality medicine in this  country with this legislation; and we are cutting out frivolous  lawsuits, this litigation lottery that is driving up the cost of health  care for all Americans.   This is the kind of reform that, if enacted, would replace ObamaCare  with reforms that would actually lower the cost of health care without  growing government.   I applaud the efforts of the Republican Study Committee for offering  real solutions that will put patients and doctors in charge again and  not Washington, D.C.   