 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2874, the 21st  Century Flood Reform Act.   When the Financial Services Committee began the process to  reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, I was very hopeful  that we could work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner.  Unfortunately, the bill we see here today is not reflective of that  approach.   Though a number of changes have, in fact, been made to H.R. 2874  since leaving committee, the new provisions still fail to incorporate  many of our priorities for reauthorization or address our concerns with  the NFIP.   Most significantly, Mr. Speaker, in H.R. 2874 is the fact that it  will increase cost for policyholders. The bill raises costs on pre-FIRM  structures from 5 percent to 6.5 percent.   Additionally, the bill will require a $40 surcharge on primary  residences and seeks to increase the reserve fund by charging  policyholders an additional 1 percent every year.   The bill also changes the fee to policyholders who opt to pay their  policy monthly. Many of our constituents who live in flood-prone areas  are not wealthy. These are hardworking Americans who rely on the NFIP  to help offset costs and protect their homes from disastrous flooding.   Instead of working to find ways to truly address affordability within  the NFIP, the bill proposes to set up a voluntary State affordability  program. This proposal then fails to provide States with the  administrative costs to set up a program, a cost that may be far too  burdensome for many already-struggling States.   Even worse, the program would offset discounts for eligible  policyholders by charging policyholders who are not able to take  advantage of the affordability program--yet again increasing costs for  homeowners.   Importantly, H.R. 2874 makes no effort to address the debt. Though  the NFIP had been self-sustaining for many years, extreme unexpected  damage following Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy left the NFIP  with over $20 billion in debt. Though some of the debt was, in fact,  recently forgiven, the NFIP needed to borrow more from the Treasury  following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.   The NFIP pays over $400 million a year in interest, money that could  go towards making improvements in the program or helping enhance  affordability. We need to wipe the slate clean and give the NFIP a  fresh start.   H.R. 2874 fails to provide additional funding for flood maps, maps  that, in many jurisdictions, are desperately needed if we are going to  have updated maps. This bill also lacks funding for new mapping  technology that could help improve the accuracy of the flood maps.   In conclusion, the short-term reauthorization of the NFIP expires  early next month. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill and  support a long-term NFIP strategy that promotes affordability,  stability for stakeholders, and necessary funding for mapping and  mitigation.   