 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of the 2017 Defense  Appropriations bill, a bill providing vital funding for the United  States military and intelligence communities who continue to be engaged  in responding, engaging, and destroying threats around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I have the honor and the great responsibility of  representing the largest concentration of Active-Duty military and  veterans of any congressional district in the Nation. Who are they?  Fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters, soccer coaches,  neighbors.   Our district has thousands of the less than 1 percent of the Nation  that has gone forth over and over to fight for us; the best among us,  fighting the worst in the world.   In our district, Mr. Speaker, we have the largest naval base in the  world, NASA, SEAL teams, Marines, Army soldiers, Air Force Combat  Command, coastguardsmen, Oceana Naval Master Jet Base, national  guardsmen, and many, many more.   Mr. Speaker, we are moving toward the smallest Army since World War  II, the smallest Air Force ever, Navy ships not being properly  maintained due to budget, Marine planes not combat-ready. This is  unacceptable. Our Nation requires a military, but our force is  voluntary. We owe them more.   We must take up this 2017 Defense Appropriations bill to help  maintain a technological advantage. If we must send our men and women  into harm's way, let us always send these warfighters with an unfair  advantage.   This bill provides essential equipment, platforms, and upgrades. We  must give our force and our industrial base predictability and  stability, the right equipment, the right training, and the right  military superiority.   This bill not only supports the warfighters, but their families as  well  [[Page H1610]]  who, Mr. Speaker, are the very backbone of our forces and an integral  part of the tremendous sacrifice that has taken place for our Nation.  This bill provides important investments in traumatic brain injury,  suicide prevention, sexual assault prevention, and much more.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Webster of Florida). The time of the  gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill gives a well-deserved pay raise,  enhances health care, and eases the burden our Nation demands on  military families moving forward. I urge all of my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to vote in support of this bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I surely want to make sure that we support our  warfighters. My problem with the Defense bill is that we are spending  so much money on things that I think are questionable. I would rather  spend money on supporting our troops more than spending $1 trillion  over the next 3 decades building more nuclear weapons. We have more  nuclear weapons than any other country in the world, and we ought to be  talking about limiting nuclear weapons and eliminating them altogether.   I want to support our men and women who we put in harm's way, but I  want this Congress, I want Members of this House, to do their job. It  doesn't take any courage to sit back and have troops deployed all over  the world, in harm's way, and we don't even take the time to actually  debate an authorization for the use of military force. We are too  afraid to talk about those issues.   So when we talk about supporting our men and women in uniform, people  ought to do a little bit of reflection on how we have not been doing  our job.   Again, I note my friends don't want to talk about health care. My  colleague actually said she would like to talk about health care more.  Well, we should, because the fact of the matter is, as I said, as we  are speaking here, the Republicans have unveiled this bill that has  been in secret, that nobody has really had a chance to digest. No  hearings. They want to talk about health care so much--no hearings, no  expert testimony, no nothing. Right to markup; trying to rush it to the  floor before we find out the true cost to the American people about  what this TrumpCare bill is going to be all about; when they find out  how many of them are going to lose their care; how it is going to cut  Medicare; how senior citizens are going to see an increase in their  healthcare costs; how average Americans are going to pay more for  health care and get less protections; how people who are struggling in  poverty are going to be out of luck because they are going to do away  with the Medicaid guarantee to States.   Health care ought to be a fundamental right in this country, and they  are taking that right away, and they are doing it in a fashion so that  CBO, again, 200 employees at the Congressional Budget Office that  Congress appropriates $50 million a year to support so they can do  their expert work, they are doing this in a way so we are not even  asking for their expert advice. What sense does that make?   This is the rule. This is where we set our priorities about what our  legislative agenda ought to be; and all I am simply saying is vote  ``no'' on the previous question so we can vote on an amendment so we  can demand a CBO score in the healthcare bill.   By the way, that doesn't slow down the Defense Appropriations bill.  It still goes forward. Nothing stops. So let's do what is right. Let  there be a little sunshine on this House of Representatives.   There is a pattern that has developed under the Republican leadership  where everything is closed. This bill that we are dealing with right  now, closed rule. It is not a conference report, closed rule.   We have had more closed rules in the first few months in this  Congress than any Congress, I think, in history, and that is the  pattern. No hearings, no discussion, just go right to markup. We don't  want to know how much it is going to cost. We don't want to know how  many people are going to be thrown off of health care. Let's just rush  something through. That is mindless legislating, and it has to stop.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   