 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 90. This is a  bipartisan bill condemning the Burmese military's systemic attacks on  the Rohingya in Rakhine State.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank especially Congressman Crowley from New  York for working together in a bipartisan manner on this legislation  and also with Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel and so many  others.   As someone who has chaired the Foreign Affairs Committee on Asia and  the Pacific and who has been to Burma and met with Aung San Suu Kyi and  followed Burma very closely, what has happened there is truly shocking  and disheartening, and really a blot on the world in how this has been  handled up to this point in many ways.   The Rohingya have long been at the fringes of Burmese society and it  is no secret that the Burmese military regards them as outsiders who  don't even belong in Burma at all. That is why the military used some  attacks back in August by a rogue group of Rohingya as a pretext to  terrorize the entire Rohingya population.   This campaign of terror and violence has demonically worked. Over  600,000 Rohingya have fled Burma for Bangladesh, and at least 250,000  of those people are children.   Further, credible human rights organizations and the media have  documented numerous horrors and abuses, including rape, murder, and  torture. The most unspeakable things have happened there.    Together, these atrocities amount to what has been called ``a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing.''   Unfortunately, Burma's constitution ensures that the Burmese military  controls much of the government in Burma, while Burma's civilian  government has proved incapable of taking appropriate action to address  this violence. Since the Burmese military began its ethnic cleansing  campaign, it has gone on and on.   Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation  and to do everything we can to stop these horrors.   