 Mr. President, it is no great secret that the American  people do not have a great deal of confidence in their government. It  is no secret that the American people think the Congress is way out of  touch with their needs and aspirations. In fact, just confirming that  point, a recent poll appeared in the Washington Post and ABC News, and  it found that 58 percent of the American people believe that President  Trump is out of touch with the concerns of most people in the United  States today; 62 percent of the American people believe that the  Republican Party is out of touch with the concerns of most people in  the United States; and 67 percent of the American people believe that  the Democratic Party is out of touch with the concerns of most people  in the United States today. Those are numbers that should cause a great  deal of concern to Members of the Senate and the House, to Democrats  and Republicans, to everybody.   I think one of the reasons is that there is a world outside of  Capitol Hill where people are in pain; where people are working longer  hours for lower wages; where people are scared to death about facing  retirement because they have, in many cases, no money in the bank;  where people today are paying 40 percent, 50 percent of limited incomes  for affordable housing; where single moms can't afford childcare for  their kids; where young people can't afford to go to college; where  other people are leaving college deeply in debt. And all of that is  taking place within the context of almost all new wealth and income  going to the top 1 percent.   We have the absurd situation today where the top one-tenth of 1  percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, and 52  percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent. The middle  class is shrinking. There are 43 million Americans living in poverty,  and the very wealthy are getting wealthier.   In the midst of all that, my Republican colleagues and President  Trump are desperately trying to provide hundreds of billions of dollars  in tax breaks for the top 1 percent and cut back on programs that  working families desperately need, whether it is Pell grants to make it  easier for kids to go to college, whether it is afterschool programs,  whether it is the Meals on Wheels program, whether it is affordable  housing, or whatnot--tax breaks for billionaires, cutbacks on programs  that people desperately need.   The American people will not regain confidence in the U.S. Congress  unless we keep promises that were made to them. Today I want to talk  about promises that were made to coal miners. For decades, coal miners  contributed to their pension funds with the promise that when they  retired, they would receive a pension and retiree health benefits that  would last for a lifetime. Those were the promises to the people who  went underneath the ground, who worked incredibly difficult jobs, who  died of black lung disease or a myriad of other diseases or injuries.  Promises were made to those workers, and those promises were broken.   If Congress does not act by tomorrow, the retiree health benefits of  more than 22,000 coal miners will be eliminated. We cannot allow that  to happen. It is not only unfair to the retired coal miners and their  families, it once again will tell the American people that they cannot  trust their government. Promises were made, but they were not carried  out.   My understanding is that an agreement to protect these retiree health  benefits may be included in the continuing resolution to keep the  government from shutting down. As I have walked the hallways here in  the Senate, I have met with members, retirees of the United Mine  Workers, who have been back here week after week after week, and I  applaud them for their persistence.   Let us hope that, in fact, the continuing resolution does contain an  agreement to protect those retiree health benefits. It is absolutely  imperative that the agreement contain those benefits and that those  promises be kept.   Even if we do put that provision in the CR, it still does not address  another problem faced by retirees in the coal industry and retirees all  over the country, and that is the fact that we are doing nothing to  protect the pension benefits of coal miners and tens and thousands of  other workers. This is an issue that is of major crisis proportions all  across this country, and it is an issue that must be addressed. That is  why I am a proud cosponsor of the Miners Protection Act. That is also  why I will be introducing legislation on May 9 to protect the pensions  of not only 90,000 coal miners throughout this country, but the  retirement benefits of 10 million workers in multiemployer pension  plans--10 million workers.   Over 40 years ago, the Federal Government made a solemn commitment to  the workers of this country. If a retiree is promised a certain pension  benefit after a lifetime of hard work, a company could not renege on  that promise. Making that commitment 40 years ago was exactly the right  thing to do. When someone works for their entire life, when they give  up pay raises, when they work overtime, when they work weekends in  order to make sure that he or she has a secure retirement, it is  absolutely unacceptable to pull the plug from that worker's benefit.   Guarantees were made, and those guarantees must be kept. This is not  the negotiating of wage increases. This is not the negotiating of  overtime. This is a promise made to workers and paid for by workers,  which simply cannot be nullified if people are to have any faith in our  political system.   But more than 2 years ago behind closed doors, a provision was  slipped into a must-pass spending bill that now makes it legal to cut  the pension benefits of about 10 million workers and retirees in  multiemployer pension plans. As a result, retirees all over this  country are waking up to the unacceptable reality that the promises  made to them could be broken and that the pension benefits they are  receiving today may soon be cut by 30, 40 or even 65 percent. What this  means is that retirees who are currently receiving a pension benefit of  $18,000 a year are in danger of seeing their benefits cut by $3,843, a  21-percent cut. Retirees who are currently receiving a pension benefit  of $36,000 a year could see their pension benefits cut by up to  $21,000, a 60-percent cut.   In other words, tens of thousands of retirees all over this country  who today are in the middle class, who worked hard their entire lives,  who gave up on wage increases, who worked overtime in order to protect  those pensions may be seeing significant reductions in what they  anticipated. We are talking about retirees who will no longer be able  to pay their mortgages. We are talking about retirees who will not be  able to pay their utility bills. We are talking about families who may  have to go on food stamps to feed their families after working their  entire lives. That is unconscionable. We cannot allow that to happen.   In my view, we have to send a very loud and very clear message to the  Republican leadership in Congress and to the President of the United  States, and that is when a promise is made to the working people of  this country with respect to their pensions and retiree health  benefits, that promise must be kept.   Today, about 150 multiemployer pension plans are in trouble  financially, but let's be clear. The retirees are not  [[Page S2590]]  the reason these pension plans are struggling financially. The reason  many of these pension plans are in trouble is because of the greed,  recklessness, and illegal behavior on Wall Street that drove this  country into the worst recession since the Great Depression of the  1930s. Let us never forget, when the largest financial institutions  were on the verge of collapse 7 years ago, it was the taxpayers of this  country who bailed them out. I didn't vote for it, but a majority of  the Members of Congress did.   Congress gave Wall Street some $700 billion in financial assistance.  The Federal Reserve provided $16 trillion in virtually zero-interest  loans to every major financial institution in this country and to  foreign banks throughout the world because they were, as we will all  recall, too big to fail. If Congress can bail out Wall Street, if  Congress can bail out foreign banks, we have to protect the pension  benefits of American workers.   The legislation that I will be reintroducing on May 9 would prevent  the retirement benefits of about 10 million workers and retirees from  being cut by repealing the anti-pension rider that was included in an  appropriations bill 2 years ago. It establishes an emergency fund  within the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to make sure that  multiemployer pension plans can continue to provide every pension  benefit owed to every eligible American for decades to come.   It is fully paid for by closing two tax loopholes that allow the  wealthiest Americans in this country to avoid paying their fair share  of taxes. Closing these loopholes will allow us to protect the earned  pension benefits of every worker and retiree in multiemployer pension  plans in this country.   At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, when half of all  older workers have no retirement savings at all, when 20 percent of  seniors are living on less than $13,000 a year, we have to do  everything we can to protect and expand the fine pension benefit plans  in America.   I look forward to the support of my colleagues for this important  legislation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   