 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment in en  bloc package 3, amendment 53, that would require the Secretary of  Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to  provide Congress a report of any cyber attack attempts by the Russian  Government and other Russian actors targeting the Department of Defense  within the past 2 years.   These Defense Department systems are the foundation of our Nation's  defense and security, and it is crucial that they are protected.  Despite this understanding, our Nation is still not fully aware of the  magnitude of the problems, and Congress is not appropriately advised of  these past breaches.   My amendment would require a report from the Secretary of the Defense  to Congress so that we can begin to properly address the strength of  our Nation's security.   I thank Congresswoman Shea-Porter for supporting my amendment, and I  urge all of my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 88 of  228, H.R. 2810.   This amendment would call upon the Department of Defense to update  its cyber strategy, requiring the President to draft guidance for  offensive cyber capabilities, and to authorize international  cooperation, including building of our NATO partner allies'  cybersecurity.   World war III is raging in cyberspace now. It has become one of the  most crucial homeland and global security issues. Our Presidential  election came under cyber attack, possibly compromising the American  electoral system. But the U.S. is not alone. There were press reports  of massive cyber attacks of French President Emmanuel Macron's campaign  as well.   My amendment will increase our offensive cyber capabilities to  prevent our adversaries from engaging in cyber espionage like we  witnessed during the past election cycle and recent global cyber  attacks.   Protecting our network is vital to the security of our Nation and  allies, and my amendment works to that end.   I thank Congresswoman Rosen for supporting my amendment as well, and  I urge all my colleagues to do the same.   