 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gaetz) for yielding.   I am greatly honored to be here to participate in this important  discussion. We all want transparency, and for that to be in our  government is critical to all of us. I am honored to be on the  Oversight and Government Reform Committee where this is part of the  responsibilities entrusted to us.   But after repeated scandals and misconduct, it is patently obvious to  me that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton plays by her own  rules, and simply does so because of her own status, her own positions  of power and influence in the government, and has been in those roles  for decades. She has been getting a free pass to follow or ignore the  law as she chooses, whereas it seems, on the other hand, as has already  been discussed this evening, President Trump and his administration  seems to get a special counsel just for sneezing. It is insane what is  going  [[Page H9833]]  on, and we, as Americans, must prioritize equal justice under the law.   Lady Justice must remain blind, and her scales must remain balanced.  This is a fundamental principle for all of us as Americans--something  we cherish and something we hold on to--and we are watching it change  right before our eyes. It seems as though Lady Justice is peeking  underneath that blindfold, and that is simply unacceptable.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored that we are coming to draw attention to  this horror and this change that is taking place. The principle of  blind justice is one of the most basic fundamental principles that we  have in this country, and without it we are watching individuals like  Mrs. Clinton and her allies act above the law and get away with things  they simply ought not be getting away with. And the truth is, a breach  of justice for one is a breach of justice for all of us.   Let me give you a quick example. Back in August of 2016, The New York  Times reported on generous foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation,  and this was done while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. That,  in itself, ought to raise some red flags, shouldn't it? Foreign  countries. And then we find out that many of these foreign countries  had already tremendous human rights violations: Kuwait, for example,  Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and several others, just to name a few, yet they  are giving tons of money to the Clinton Foundation, while she is  Secretary of State.   And then the Clintons say: Well, we were open; we disclosed all of  the information about who was giving what. They tried to convince us  that they went above and beyond to disclose their donors, but they did  not do so.   For example, we found they failed to disclose $2.35 million in  donations from a family foundation that was linked to the mining  company, Uranium One, which we happen to be talking about tonight.   Well, who is Uranium One?   Of course, we know by now that this is a company that was taken over  by Russia's state-owned nuclear energy firm, Rosatom, another decision  that was signed off by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.   The dots are pretty easy to start connecting. We, at least, have some  red flags here.   Furthermore, there was a whopping $145 million given to the Clinton  Foundation by Uranium One's owners. I don't know about everyone else  here, but I would certainly know it if I received over $100 million  from Russian donors. Talk about Russian collusion. Shall we talk about  it? Let's have this discussion. That is the whole point of what we are  talking about here this evening. I would also be very concerned that  someone receiving this kind of money was free of bias or coercion when  they are getting this type of money.   But let me land the plane here. There is a full-fledged investigation  going on here into President Trump's interactions with Russia, but  where is the investigation on Hillary Clinton's activities with the  Russians?   The Obama administration attempted to sweep this situation under the  rug. They let her off the hook. That is a disgrace. It is in complete  disregard for our Nation's laws. And, perhaps, that in itself ought to  be something else that is looked into: the Obama administration's role  in all of this.   I am grateful that Attorney General Sessions is taking these  allegations seriously. I am hopeful that we can get to the bottom of  this and ensure that justice is served.    The FBI must investigate this thoroughly. We must have transparency  to make sure that Hillary Clinton is held accountable and reaffirm that  no one is above the law.   Enough is enough. We have got to go into this further.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Florida (Mr. Gaetz) for  his leadership on this.   