 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   It is no secret that a reliable supply of electricity is important to  us on many levels, from human health, and, of course, to commercial  productivity.   As a former public service commissioner, I can tell you that one of  the main reasons for large outages is trees growing in power lines. And  one of the reasons for forest fires, oftentimes, is power lines falling  in the forest. Fires get to the power lines; power lines create fires.  This bill, I think, helps alleviate some of that.   With consumers and regulators demanding, of course, reliable service,  and a utility company's natural incentive to keep the sale of electrons  flowing, vegetation management has improved tremendously over the  years. However, deep within the lands that are managed by our Federal  agencies, the potential for problems persists.   My bill creates a pilot program, as the chairman described, for  utility companies to partner with the Forest Service to voluntarily  perform vegetation management proactively. Under Forest Service  approval, utilities can propose a plan to selectively manage vegetation  within 75 feet of the right-of-way with the least amount of  disturbances as reasonably possible, and outside of designated  wilderness areas is a very important point.   All of that work would be paid for by the utility company, not by the  Federal Government. Currently, this offer of right-of-way work is the  responsibility of the government, and with a strict liability standard,  Mr. Speaker, to any utility company to step in and help. There is not  an incentive--in fact, there is a disincentive for them to do so. So  under the pilot program, these activities will be subject to a more  appropriate standard of liability, a gross negligence standard, along  with any specific safety requirements imposed under the programs in  agreement with the Forest Service.   It removes the barrier for utility companies to carry out this  important work not currently being done by them, to reduce direct  impacts to damage utility infrastructure, and the amount of fuel for  possible forest fires.   There is a lot of bipartisan support for this. I appreciate my  friends in the more mountainous and more forested regions than the  prairies of North Dakota on both side of the aisle. I know there is  good support in the Senate as well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important  bill.   