 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Arrington for shining  the spotlight on rural America today.   I am proud to be a product of rural America. The great thing about  growing up in rural America is you learn values, you learn morals, and  you learn a work ethic. Not every individual in America has that  opportunity. So those of us that grew up with that upbringing in rural  America should appreciate that.    That is why, when I took the oath of office as a brand-new  Congressman back in November, I said my number one priority is to  promote agriculture and restore and revive rural America. I believe we  can. I believe in the future of rural America. But we are going to have  to work together.   Rural America has many challenges right now. The number one challenge  is the economy. We need to help create good-paying jobs in rural  America, because in rural America we are faced with a brain drain. That  is why our best and brightest young people graduate from the good  public schools that we have in rural America, they go off to college or  technical school, but they don't come back. There aren't the same  opportunities, unfortunately, in many of the rural communities as there  are in the more urban and suburban areas.   I believe that we can change that because rural America has so much  to offer. We have work ethic. We have available skilled workers. We  have communities where everyone knows everyone. Everyone has a spirit  of community. We have good churches, good schools, and good rural  hospitals.   So I believe that we need to spread that message as Members of  Congress. As Members of Congress, we also need to invest in rural  America.   As was mentioned earlier, one of the President's main priorities is  an infrastructure bill. I believe that we need to invest in  infrastructure. I believe in a limited government, I believe in small  government, but I do believe it is the government's responsibility to  do certain things. One of those things that is the government's  responsibility is to invest and maintain infrastructure. When we talk  about infrastructure, it is not just interstates and airports. It is  also things that we need in rural America, like broadband and wireless  technology.   I believe that we can create an environment with public-private  partnerships where we can make that investment to help revive rural  America and help to create jobs in rural America to keep our best and  brightest in rural America.   Growing up in Monroe County, which is a rural community in south- central Kentucky, I had the opportunity to go to Monroe County schools,  where I knew every student in my class. I knew the teachers, I knew  where they lived, I knew where they go to church. I played every sport  I could play and excelled in none, but I enjoyed that opportunity and  learned a lot about it. Of course, we went to church on Sundays.   Throughout my business career as a farmer, the president of the  Monroe County Chamber of Commerce, a State representative, and as a  commissioner of agriculture, I always worked hard to try to promote and  be positive about rural America. Now as a Member of Congress, I want to  join with my fellow colleagues that represent rural areas like the  First Congressional District of Kentucky and make sure that we make  that investment to where we can take rural America to the next level.   So I appreciate Congressman Arrington creating this opportunity  tonight to talk about rural America. I pledge to work with him and our  colleagues to see that we can make a brighter future for rural America.   