 Mr. Speaker, first I would like to thank my very good  friend from Arizona (Mr. Biggs), first of all, for his moving testimony  on behalf of the greatest folks who ever served our Nation and for  arranging this Special Order to honor the valiant men and women that  serve our country every day.   While most of America views Memorial Day, rightly, as the official  start of summer vacations and cookouts, which we all enjoy, I hope we  also do not forget to pause and remember the men and women who give the  full, last measure of devotion serving our country. It is a day to  remember those who died defending the freedoms we hold dear and  acknowledge the debt of gratitude we owe to our servicemembers and  their loved ones. This weekend, we stop to mourn so many of our heroes  who served: brothers and sisters, fathers and mothers, aunts and uncles  who never came home.   National cemeteries often serve as the final resting place for those  who served our country. Founded by President Lincoln and enacted by  Congress in 1862, today you can find these cemeteries tucked away in  communities across America. Too often the history and stories they hold  remain untold or forgotten.    In 1867, Culpeper National Cemetery was established and is located in  my congressional district. Earlier this month, a 23-year-old young man  was laid to rest there.   U.S. Army Sergeant Cameron Thomas grew up in Ohio, but his family  later made Culpeper, Virginia, home. I was proud to see so many members  of the Culpeper community lining the streets holding American flags to  honor Sergeant Thomas.   At the age of 19, Sergeant Thomas became one of the youngest soldiers  to ever earn the Ranger designation. On his fifth deployment, he was  killed in action on April 27 in Afghanistan during a night raid on a  remote ISIS stronghold that resulted in killing the head of ISIS in  Afghanistan.   Family members and friends described him as a man who lived with  intention and determination. He believed anything worth doing was worth  overdoing and that moderation is for cowards. He was a man who knew his  mission and served our country with distinction.   Sergeant Cameron Thomas represented the best of our armed services.  He loved his family, passionately served his country, and will be a  soldier we honor and cherish for the rest of our Nation's history.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Biggs) for doing this service for our country.   