 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, until you arrived to relieve me, I had been  presiding since the opening of the Senate this morning, and I had the  opportunity to listen to lengthy speeches from the Democratic leader  and the assistant Democratic leader this morning. I would like to  correct the record on three brief items.   First of all, as is common, almost an epidemic around here, there  were repeated references to the Republican desire to cut Federal  spending on healthcare for the poor and for the sickest among us. That  is simply not true. It is an epidemic way of speaking around here,  where people act as though, if you want to reduce the rate of growth,  that is actually a cut. The fact that people in this body say it all  the time doesn't make it true. No normal people ever talk that way. If  you are having a debate at your house about your household budget and  you are spending beyond your means and somebody proposes that next year  you should spend 30 percent more than you spent this year, when this  year you already spent more than you can afford, and you have big  debate and you say ``No. Actually, next year, let's only spend 15  percent more than we spent this year,'' that is not a cut. You will  still spend more money next year than you will this year. Because you  have a debate about the rate of growth--that is not the same thing as a  cut. It is a fundamentally dishonest way of speaking, and we should  stop doing it around here.   The second thing that was said in these speeches that I listened to  is that Republicans have a desire to give insurance companies more  money. I would love it if some Democrat would come to the floor and  explain why the stock prices of all the big health insurers in America  have been through the roof since the passage of ObamaCare and why the  big health insurance companies are the people lobbying the strongest to  keep the current collapsing ObamaCare regime in place and actually  asking for even more Federal money for insurance companies.   It isn't the case that the proposals Republicans are making on  reforming healthcare are something for which the insurance companies  are cheering; rather, the insurance companies want to keep the  ObamaCare regime in place and add yet more tax dollars to it.   It would be great if we could have an honest debate around here  instead of these sort of made-up stories that the Republican plans are  in the interest of health insurance companies.   I will readily admit and have often admitted to this body that the  Republican Party has done a bad job of explaining what we are for in  terms of replacing ObamaCare. We have done a bad job, and we have not  spoken with a clear voice. But speaking for myself, I will say that I  actually want to have insurance play a smaller role in the healthcare  sector because there are all sorts of things that we are currently  insuring against in healthcare that we don't ever conceivably think  would be a rational way to build an insurance marketplace in other  sectors. If you think of property and casualty insurance, for instance,  we don't have any law that mandates that Allstate and State Farm have  to buy my gas and schedule my Jiffy Lube appointments. If they did, I  submit to you that we would all consume a lot more gas, we would do it  less thoughtfully, and we would have Jiffy Lubes that are at the wrong  locations, open at the wrong hours, with poor customer service, with a  lack of clarity as to what services they are delivering and what  quality metrics they have.   We don't try to take in other sectors--the entire sector and swallow  it by insurance. Insurance is supposed to be insulation and protection  against catastrophic loss in the event of unforeseen, unpredictable,  non-behaviorally driven events.   To be clear, I don't think the Republican Party has spoken clearly  and spoken with one voice. But for this conservative vocalist, I  actually want American healthcare to work better by making clear what  things we want to insure against and what parts of the healthcare  delivery market we think might work better if moms and dads and local  doctors and nurses were more empowered by having to mediate fewer  [[Page S6103]]  of their transactions through the insurance space.   So while I am not in favor of cutting Federal spending for the  poorest and sickest among us, I am in favor of having a debate about  how we get to a sustainable growth rate, not the unsustainable growth  rate we are on that is going to bankrupt the next generation.   I am in favor of shrinking the amount of money that goes to insurance  companies. The plans being debated here on the floor tend to be debates  where a lot of the Democrats actually want to have a conversation about  how we can give even more money to insurance companies. They often have  Orwellian names like ``insurance marketplace stabilization funds,'' but  make no mistake--what they are really talking about is giving more  money to private health insurance companies that have had stock prices  go through the roof since the passage of ObamaCare. That is the second  falsehood in the speeches this morning.   A third item on which it is important to correct the record--and this  is not to pick on in particular the two most powerful Democrats in the  body; those just happened to be the speeches I listened to this  morning. We have a habit around here of people saying a lot of things  that aren't true. You might ask: Why can you get away with saying  things that aren't true? One of the ways we get away with it is, just  as I am doing at this moment--I am speaking to an empty Chamber. The  Senator from Arizona is here. He has the duty to preside over the  Senate right now. But he is the only person in this Chamber. So  everybody at home watching on C-SPAN--I know the camera angle is this  wide, and so I am the guy on the screen, but this body has 99 empty  desks.   One thing that is very common--and was true of both speeches I  listened to this morning--is that there is no one in the Chamber even  though, as the speeches are made, there is a lot of gesturing as I beat  down this debate partner, and I just one-upped you and I just persuaded  you. There is a lot of motioning and gesturing and fake rhetoric that  goes on around here where we try to masquerade for the American people  and for the 50, 60, 70 people in the Gallery right now. I see people  chuckling because they all know that it is true. They are sitting in a  body, and there is no one here. Yet, when people come and make their  speeches on the floor, they pretend they are winning some grand debate,  and then their communication staff rips apart the video and sends it to  the local TV stations back home, where people get lots of credit, as if  they just won some big debate on the Senate floor. And maybe they said  a whole bunch of stuff that wasn't actually true, but there was no one  here to answer them because we are not actually debating big issues  very often in this body.   There are a lot of theatrics and a lot of charades and a lot of false  deliberation. But right now, I am speaking to an empty Chamber, and  both of the speeches that I heard this morning from the Democratic  leaders--making up stuff about what the Republican healthcare proposals  would do--those were speeches all delivered to an empty Chamber, even  though the gestures implied somebody was winning a debate when that was  happening.   Once upon a time--there is no golden age in world history; we all  live post fall. But once upon a time, this really was the greatest  deliberative body in the world. Two hundred forty years ago when the  Constitution built a system of three separate but equal branches that  checked and balanced one another, the Senate had a unique role. The  upper body of article I, of the legislative branch, was a place where  debates were supposed to be long so that you could forge consensus--70,  80, and 90 percent consensus--on issues, because people actually were  in this body actually debating real issues.   We are not the greatest deliberative body in the world right now, and  a lot of people pretend we are. One of the ways we get away with that  is by standing in here and pretending there are a lot of people  listening to our speeches when no one is here. Again, I am the third  speech of the day in the Senate today, and all three of them have had  an audience of zero. I submit that most of today on C-SPAN is going to  have an empty Chamber with a little ticker at the bottom that says  ``waiting for Senators to speak.'' When the Senator comes to speak,  they are going to speak to an empty Chamber, and they are going to  pretend they are winning a big debate. It is not a useful way to tackle  the biggest public policy problems that face our people and not a great  way to restore the Senate. We should make the Senate great again.   Thank you, Mr. President, for the opportunity to correct these three  items.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   