 Mr. President, today I rise to speak in support of the  President's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who, right now,  is about two-thirds through his second day of hearings--better  described perhaps as a grilling.   Simply put, I think the President made an extraordinary selection.  Currently, Judge Gorsuch serves on the Court of Appeals for the Tenth  Circuit, which includes my home State of Kansas.   Our State has seen firsthand how Judge Gorsuch interprets the law. He  has had an outstanding judicial record while serving on the court. What  is more, he is highly respected and supported by individuals in the  judicial community who align on all sides of the political spectrum-- except, inexplicably, the U.S. Senate.   Judge Gorsuch's qualifications are not only noteworthy but extremely  impressive. He graduated from Columbia University and Harvard Law  School. He received a doctorate in legal philosophy from Oxford, as a  recipient of the Marshall Scholarship, one of the most prestigious  scholars programs in the country. He has litigation experience from his  time as a law partner, and he has clerked for not one but two Supreme  Court Justices.   Examining his record during his time on the Tenth Circuit gives us  some insight into the judge's approach to interpreting the law. When we  read his opinions, we know he is a judge who follows the law, applying  the text of the Constitution and statutes impartially. Of primordial  importance to this body is his critique of the executive branch's  tendency to assume the roles of the judicial and legislative branches.  [[Page S1880]]    No matter which political party controls the executive branch, this  body--the Senate of the United States--must protect its ability to  legislate and create laws. The Founding Fathers intended for the  separation of powers to remain inviolate.   Judge Gorsuch understands the role of the judicial branch and the  significance of maintaining that balance of power. He has made it  absolutely clear that he will not legislate from the bench. I repeat.  He has made it clear that he will not legislate from the bench. That  might just be the problem for those who would like to vote for a judge  who would legislate from the bench.   I, along with many of my colleagues here in the Senate today,  confirmed Judge Gorsuch over 10 years ago. Judge Gorsuch's record was  so noncontroversial, the Senate unanimously supported his nomination.  That includes the minority leader, Senator Schumer, and then-Senators  Obama, Clinton, and Biden.   I repeat. Judge Gorsuch has received support from across the entire  political spectrum. His judicial record over the past 10 years has made  him even more deserving of the Senate's full support.   The American people went to the polls in November, knowing the next  President would have the distinct honor of nominating the next Supreme  Court Justice. The American people have spoken. As the Senate, it is  now our responsibility to see through this nomination and appoint the  judge to the High Court.   The Wall Street Journal summed up what is happening within its  editorial page today in pointing out that Senators want Judge Gorsuch  to declare how he would vote in specific areas of the law--questions  that every Supreme Court nominee declines to answer. Quoting from the  editorial: ``At the 1967 hearings for Thurgood Marshall, then-Senator  Edward Kennedy called it a sound legal precedent that any nominee for  the Supreme Court would have to defer any comments on any matters which  are either before the court or very likely to appear before the  court.'' The Journal's editorial went on to say that in the 1993  confirmation hearings, Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg emphasized: ``A judge  sworn to decide impartially can offer no forecast, no hints; for that  would show not only disregard for the specifics of the particular case,  it would also display disdain for the entire judicial process.''   I regret to say that profound advice apparently does not apply today.   One of my colleagues serving on the Judiciary Committee pretty well  summed up the dilemma we have in the Senate when he said to the judge:  ``If you fail to be explicit and forthcoming, the committee would have  to assume his views were in line with Mr. Trump's.''   And there is the rub. Judge Gorsuch has written 789 opinions, with  only 15 dissents from other judges. The apparent burr in the minority's  saddle--the Democrats' saddle--has nothing to do with Judge Gorsuch or  his qualifications. The problem is that Mr. Trump is now President  Trump.   My question is this. All right, we know you feel that way. In every  committee hearing that we have, we know you feel that way. When will  this end? When will we get back to what is referred to as regular  order? That question lies squarely with my colleagues in the minority.   I am really disheartened to hear the rhetoric coming from across the  aisle in the days since the new President took office. The minority has  taken extraordinary lengths to extend the confirmation process of the  President's nominees--from shying away from our constitutional  responsibilities and not voting on nominees in committee hearings to  using unprecedented amounts of time to speak on this floor,  disapproving of the President and his nominees, or anything else. These  stall tactics are unbefitting of the world's greatest deliberative  body. We have fallen from bipartisan deliberation, worthy of public  opinion and support, to engaging with poisonous arrows of political  procrastination.   With the nomination of Judge Gorsuch, we now have an opportunity to  fix this sorry state of affairs. This is the opportunity we should  seize to restore comity to the Senate. The people of this great Nation  deserve nothing else.   I am hopeful that the minority will recognize the superlative  qualities Judge Neil Gorsuch possesses and provide him with a fair and  swift confirmation process.   That is not happening as of today. But hope springs eternal, even  within the Senate as it now exists.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   