 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member with whom I  look forward to serving on the Agriculture Committee on behalf of the  people of Arizona.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to express my deep opposition to H.R. 238.  I am troubled by the way this legislation, the Commodity End-User  Relief Act, has been brought to the floor. This bill was only  introduced last week. It is being rushed to a vote.   I am especially bothered by the attempt to bring this bill to the  floor outside the rules of regular order. There were no committee  hearings. There were no markups held by the committee, and the Members  of the Agriculture Committee have been denied the opportunity to  discuss the merits of this legislation.   As a freshman member of the 115th Congress, I am especially bothered  that this bill has been brought to the floor before the Agriculture  Committee has even been fully organized. As a new member of the Ag  Committee, I am troubled that my colleagues think they can bypass the  important feedback provided during the committee process. I represent  over 80 communities in my district with a wide range of opinions and  interests. Hearing from my constituents and getting feedback is  critical to my duties as their Representative in Congress. We should  include their voices in the policymaking process, not just special  interests that have the resources to keep lobbyists here in Washington.   The committee process allows members to gather critical information,  have a positive discussion, and make necessary changes to the  legislation. As everyone on this floor knows, the committee process is  essential to ensuring that the interests of the American people are  truly represented in the legislation and brought to the floor. I  understand that this bill was brought up in the 114th Congress where it  was reviewed by the committee. It is only right that we maintain our  democratic principles and ensure that H.R. 238 fully undergoes  committee review in this Congress.   Mr. Chairman, this is not a partisan concept. These are the values I  held as a Republican State legislator, as a police officer working in  the community, and as a community leader.   Mr. Chairman, I ask: If this legislation was sent through the  committee in the last Congress, is it not going to the committee again?   This process subverts the rules of this Congress, which, I might add,  were established only last week. Bypassing the normal rules of order  marginalizes the voice of the American people in the legislative  process and forces a vote on legislation that is not complete.   I encourage my colleagues to make sure that the voice of the American  people is heard and this legislation is brought up under the rules of  regular order. For this reason, I ask my colleagues to join me in  opposing this legislation before us.   