 Mr. President, I stand to support my friend Senator Rand  Paul and to encourage my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to support his  proposed amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act.   In the Declaration of Independence, the Founding Fathers lodged the  following grievance against King George III: ``He has affected to  render the military independent of and superior to civil power.''   A decade later, the Founders included a safeguard in the Constitution  so ``civil power''--in other words, the people and their duly elected  representatives--would play an important role in matters of war and  peace. The safeguard takes up all of seven words in the Constitution:  ``The Congress shall have Power . . . to declare War.''   Today this safeguard--this crucial check on government--has been  eroded in several ways and in ways many Americans would find downright  alarming.   Congressional authorization for the use of military force is being  used in a contorted way to justify wars with an ever-growing list of  adversaries without any input from Congress or the American people  about whether we should be fighting those wars in the first place.   Senator Paul has submitted an amendment to sunset two such  authorizations: the 2001 authorization of military force against the  perpetrators of 9/11, and the 2002 authorization of military force  against the regime of Saddam Hussein in Iraq.   I support my colleague's amendment because the world has changed and  our adversaries have changed since those authorizations were passed  into law by Congress. Osama bin Laden is dead. Saddam Hussein is dead.  In fact, his statue in Firdos Square came down almost a decade and a  half ago. Yet thousands of American troops are still serving in the  Middle East based on the same authorizations Congress granted more than  a decade and a half ago. Instead of changing these authorizations to  reflect a changing world, politicians have used the old authorizations  to start new wars in countries other than Iraq and Afghanistan against  adversaries that had nothing to do with 9/11.    The 2001 AUMF has been used to justify a drone war across the Middle  East without a debate or a vote in Congress. It has been used to  justify air wars in Libya and Yemen without a debate or a vote in  Congress. It has been used to justify military action against the  Islamic State terrorist group without a debate or a vote in Congress.  Some of these military actions may be justified, but the best way to  determine  [[Page S5209]]  whether they are is to submit them to scrutiny, to debate and vote on  the matter in Congress as the Constitution prescribes.   As many of you know, we are in the midst of sort of a populist  challenge to Washington, DC. Senator Paul and I have listened to  countless Americans voice many of their grievances against Washington.  The gist of their complaint in this area is this: They don't feel as  though their interests are being taken into account in our Nation's  Capital. Bit by bit, they have watched their representatives cede  decisionmaking power to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in the  executive branch. They have watched as a Washington consensus has  emerged, a kind of faux consensus shared nowhere else other than in  Washington, DC.   If you understand these concerns that Washington, DC, is deeply  unrepresentative of how much of the country feels, then you understand  a lot about the populist moment. It applies to foreign policy as well  as domestic policy, to how our government conducts itself abroad as  well as at home.   A decade and a half after the terrorist attacks of September 11,  2001, the American people want a place at the table in decisions about  war and peace, about life and death. They want to be represented in  decisions that concern them and their sons and their daughters so  intimately. If we do not give the American people these things, if we  don't listen to their concerns, advocate for them in the legislative  branch and vote on them openly under the light of day in this Chamber,  then we are failing them as representatives, and we are ignoring the  Constitution. That is why I am supporting Senator Paul's amendment. I  hope my colleagues will join me so that this issue can get the vote it  deserves.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The Senator from Rhode Island.   