 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 3178, the Medicare Part B  Improvement Act of 2017.   I am pleased that Chairman Brady, along with Health Subcommittee  Chairman Tiberi, Ranking Member Levin, and I worked in a bipartisan  manner to draft this legislation. It brings together a number of  important measures to improve Medicare part B. I encourage all of our  colleagues to support it.   As I said during the bipartisan Ways and Means Committee markup of  H.R. 3178, I hope the committee will be able to hold more meetings like  this. This is what the American people want and expect from their  Members: to get things done in a bipartisan manner.   The bill before us today is pretty straightforward. It makes  important changes to Medicare part B in a number of ways. It includes a  commonsense transitional policy for home infusion services, cosponsored  by Mr. Tiberi and Mr. Pascrell.   Our colleagues Mr. Bishop and Mr. Mike Thompson are cosponsors of  language to streamline Medicare rules to improve access to medically  necessary prosthetics and orthotics.   Mr. John Lewis cosponsored language to help dialysis facilities  improve backlogs so they can more efficiently treat end-stage renal  disease.   Ms. DelBene and Mr. Mike Thompson are cosponsors of a bill that  allows telehealth so patients can receive dialysis in the comfort of  their own home.   Finally, the measure includes clarification language to Stark laws  that Mr. Kind led to provide more certainty for Medicare providers.   Our colleagues on both sides of the aisle worked hard on these bills,  and I am pleased we can move them forward in a bipartisan manner.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3178, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. DelBene), who is a coauthor of this legislation.   Ms. DelBENE. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the chair and the  ranking member for working with me to include a proposal in this bill  that I developed with Congresswoman Black, Congressman Thompson, and  Congressman Meehan modernizing Medicare and harnessing the promise of  telehealth to improve care for patients nationwide.   Allowing patients with end-stage renal disease to receive dialysis at  home can dramatically improve their health outcomes and quality of  life. This is something I have heard consistently from providers in my  home State of Washington, like the Northwest Kidney Centers, who do  incredible work to help patients receive dialysis at home when it is  medically appropriate.   Advances in telehealth hold great potential to extend this treatment  option to more Americans, particularly in rural communities, but there  are still too many barriers to the use of cutting-edge technologies in  Medicare.  [[Page H6238]]  There is a great need to update our laws to reflect these innovations  and reimburse telehealth appropriately; otherwise, we won't just be  denying access to healthcare today, we could be preventing the next  frontier of innovations from even getting off the ground.   Without the long-term visibility of Medicare coverage, startups and  entrepreneurs might never get the funding they need to develop new  technologies and bring them to market. It is essential that we unlock  the full potential of telehealth. By doing so, we can improve patient  care, promote health, defeat heartbreaking diseases, and save lives.  That is why I am so glad we are taking this step today.   Thank you again to the committee for working with me on this  important bill, and I hope it is the first of many victories as we work  together to expand telehealth.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Matsui), whose husband served with great distinction as  a member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the staff for their hard work on this  bill, including Amy Hall, Sarah Levin, Melanie Egorin from the  Democratic staff; Emily Murry and Nick Uehlecke from the Republican  staff; Jessica Shapiro from the House Legislative Counsel's office; Ira  Burney, Jennifer Druckman, and Lisa Yen from CMS; and the staff of the  Congressional Budget Office, Tom Bradley, Rebecca Yip, and Lara  Robillard. I want to thank them all for their very, very hard work.   We have this rare opportunity, this rare moment where we have broad  agreement on this legislation, and I hope all Members of the House can  find their way to be supportive of this legislation, and I hope the  path of bipartisanship that we have chosen here can serve as a reminder  of what we can get done.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   