 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that after the  disposition of the Brouillette nomination, the Senate resume  consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2430, that all  postcloture time be expired, and the motion to proceed be agreed to;  further, that there be no amendments in order to H.R. 2430, that there  be 10 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that  following the use or yielding back of that time, the bill be read a  third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 581 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Manchin-Capito substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 1052 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.  [[Page S4788]]     Mr. President, I see Senators Isakson and Tester are  here. I think they want to make remarks before the vote.   Let me say a few words following up on Senator Murray, and then I  will place the rest of my comments in the Record.   This is very important legislation. Last year, we passed the 21st  Century Cures Act to move these modern medical miracles into medicine  cabinets and doctors' offices more rapidly. This is funding that pays  for one-quarter of the Food and Drug Administration, which has a  critical role in approving the safety and effectiveness of drugs,  treatments, and devices. As with most things in the Senate that  actually are important and work well and get a result, a lot of hard  work has gone into this.   It started 2 years ago with Republicans and Democrats; Senator Murray  and I and our staffs working together with the House of Representatives  at the same time, working with manufacturers, the FDA, many others,  working out many differences of opinion. So now we are going to get to  a result within a few minutes. We are probably going to adopt this by  voice vote almost unanimously. Everyone will say that must have been  easy. It wasn't that easy, but it is how work gets done in the U.S.  Senate when we do it well.   I want to comment on our colleagues and the staff and the House of  Representatives on what they have done. We will continue to focus our  attention on the 21st Century Cures Act. A piece of legislation is not  worth the paper it is printed on unless it is implemented properly, but  this funding today, done in a timely way, says to the men and women who  work at the Food and Drug Administration and to their leader, Dr.  Gottlieb: We value what you do.   In the 21st Century Cures Act, we gave the Commissioner more  authority to hire and pay talented people to work at FDA and approve  these medical miracles that are coming. We are reauthorizing the user  fees in a timely way so the FDA's work will not be interrupted.   I thank Senator Murray for the way she worked on this. This is  typical of our committee when we work well, which we most always do.   I will make remarks in the Record concerning the staff. They are  almost too numerous to mention. Senator Murray's staff, my staff,  Chairman Walden's staff, Ranking Member Pallone's staff, Food and Drug  Administration staff, Congressional Budget Office legislative counsel,  and Senator McConnell's staff--they have all been critical to the  success we are about to have today.   I would like to thank the staff who have been devoted to  reauthorizing these important programs. Some of them have been working  on this bill for over 2 years. I am deeply grateful to them. I have  deep appreciation for their hard work, their ingenuity, and their skill  in helping us come to this result. Without their hard work and tireless  effort, we wouldn't have been able to pass this before the deadline,  ensuring the FDA can continue its important mission.   On Senator Murray's exceptional staff, I would like to thank Evan  Schatz, John Righter, Nick Bath, Andi Fristedt, and Remy Brim.   On my hard-working and dedicated staff, I would like to thank David  Cleary, Lindsey Seidman, Allison Martin, Mary-Sumpter Lapinski, Grace  Stuntz, Margaret Coulter, Curtis Vann, Lowell Schiller, Bobby McMillin,  Liz Wolgemuth, Margaret Atkinson, Taylor Haulsee, Elizabeth Gibson, and  Anthony Birch.   On Chairman Walden's staff, I would like to thank Ray Baum, Paul  Edattel, and John Stone.   On Ranking Member Pallone's staff, I would like to thank Jeff  Carroll, Tiffany Guarascio, and Kimberlee Trzeciak. I would also like  to thank much of the hard-working staff from the Food and Drug  Administration who provided great help in getting this bill completed  and working out the user fee agreements in a timely manner. From  legislative counsel from the House and Senate, I would like to thank  Warren Burke, Michelle Vanek, Kim Tamber, and Katie Bonander.   From the Congressional Budget Office, I would like to thank Darren  Young, Andrea Noda, Chad Chirico, Holly Harvey, Ellen Werble, and  Rebecca Yip.   On Senator McConnell's staff, I would like to thank Scott Raab.   On Speaker Ryan's staff, I would like to thank Matt Hoffman.   Finally, I would like to thank all the patients, doctors,  researchers, innovators, thought leaders, and experts who dedicated  time and expertise to helping improve the legislation and supporting  its approval.   To reiterate, today the Senate will take up and I expect it will pass  the Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act of 2017 to speed  cures and treatments into patients' medicine cabinets.   Last year, 94 Senators voted to pass 21st Century Cures and send  $4.8-billion to spur medical research at the National Institutes of  Health.   Leader McConnell called it the ``most important piece of  legislation'' that year.   Today's passage of the FDA user fees will help ensure advancements in  research supported by 21st Century Cures actually make it to patients  who are waiting.   The Food and Drug Administration is the agency responsible for making  sure promising research supported by 21st Century Cures can turn into  lifesaving treatments and cures.   This legislation we will vote on today includes four FDA user fee  agreements--which are set to expire on September 30--and will speed the  agency's ability to review new prescription drugs, generic drugs,  biosimilar drugs, and medical devices and bring those treatments and  cures to patients more quickly.   This legislation will reauthorize the authority for the FDA to accept  user fees--paid by manufacturers of drugs and medical devices--that  account for $8 to $9 billion over 5 years and is over a quarter of all  FDA funding.   The reauthorizations are based on recommendations from industry and  FDA after a thorough public process.  [[Page S4791]]    FDA posted meeting minutes after every negotiation and held public  meetings before discussion began and to hear feedback on the draft  recommendations last fall.   We began almost 2 years ago working in a bipartisan way to  reauthorize and update the user fee agreements. We held 15 bipartisan  Senate health committee briefings, including several with the House  Energy and Commerce Committee.   In the Senate HELP Committee, we held two bipartisan hearings on  these agreements--one in March and one in April of this year.   We heard from the FDA, witnesses representing the manufacturers of  drugs and medical devices, and witnesses representing the patients who  rely on the products they make.   Throughout this process, we have worked closely with the House. In  April, the leaders of the Senate and House health committees released a  discussion draft of bipartisan legislation to reauthorize and update  the user-fee agreements and which reflected the recommendations sent to  Congress by the FDA in January.   In May, the Senate HELP Committee overwhelmingly approved this  legislation reauthorizing the user fees by a vote of 21 to 2. This also  included over 20 provisions that were adopted in committee and were  priorities for HELP members.   The bill includes provisions from Senators Isakson and Bennet to  improve the medical device inspection process; Senators Hassan and  Young to improve communication about abuse-deterrent opioid products;  Senators Enzi and Franken to encourage medical device development for  children and make sure FDA has appropriate expertise to review devices  for children; Senators Roberts, Donnelly, and Burr to allow more  appropriate classification of accessories used with medical devices;  Senators Collins, Franken, McCaskill, and Cotton to improve generic  drug development and help lower prescription drug costs; Senators  Hatch, Bennet, Burr, and Casey to improve access to clinical trials for  all patients; and Senators Bennet, Rubio, Van Hollen, and Gardner to  increase the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers and  other diseases.   The House passed this user fee legislation on July 12 by voice vote.   Now it is our turn to pass this bipartisan legislation that is  integral to helping patients and families who rely on the lifesaving  medical innovation that FDA is responsible for reviewing.   The goal of getting this to the President's desk is an important one.  If we do not pass this legislation before the end of September, FDA  will begin sending layoff notices to more than 5,000 employees to  notify them that they may lose their job in 60 days.   If we do not pass this bill, a FDA reviewer who gets started  reviewing a cancer drug submitted to the agency in April could be laid  off before the reviewer is able to finish his or her work.   A delay in reauthorizing the user fees would not only harm patients  and families who rely on medical innovation, but it would threaten  biomedical industry jobs and jeopardize America's global leadership in  biomedical innovation.   I am glad the Senate is taking the step of voting on this legislation  today. I look forward to supporting this important bipartisan bill and  sending it to the President's desk. I urge my colleagues to support it  as well.    Madam President, I thank Senator Murray and the  committee for 2 years of work to produce a bipartisan result. This bill  funds the Food and Drug Administration and advances the 21st Century  Cures legislation that Senator McConnell called the most important bill  of the last Congress. Senator Murray and I have already spoken to the  bill and have thanked everybody involved. Senators have other  appointments they would like to keep.   I yield back all time.   