 Mr. President, I returned last week from the Middle East,  where several colleagues and I spent the weekend meeting with leaders  and security officials in Lebanon, Jordan, and Israel. As usual, the  men and women who assisted us were consummate professionals, whether it  was the U.S. Marines, Embassy personnel, or our own military escorts  and congressional staff. They all did a superb job, and I want to  extend to them my deepest thanks. I want to say a few words about what  we learned while we were there.   Contrary to conventional wisdom, our allies told us they are more  optimistic about their relationship with the United States now than  they were under the last administration. If you thought diplomacy  consisted simply of suave sophistication, I can understand your  confusion. But among our allies, there is no confusion about what their  interests are, how the United States shares them, and which country in  the whole region threatens them most of all--Iran. Once you realize  that, it is not so hard to understand their morale boost. Do they watch  what we say? Yes, of course, very carefully. But they watch even more  carefully what we do, and even though our foreign policy was cloaked in  ``pretty words'' over the last 8 years, they see the difference in  leadership as clear as day. The last President coddled Iran, and this  President is confronting Iran.   Every conversation we had drove home this point: Iran is the single  most destabilizing force in the Middle East. That is because it is more  than a regional power, it is a revolutionary power. The regime in  Tehran is not satisfied with finding good trading partners or even  bullying other countries into proper neighborly deference. Big  countries throw their weight around all the time, after all. No, what  is different about this regime is that it is not trying to create  clients; it is trying to create clones. It wants to expand its  influence by subverting legitimate governments in places such as Yemen  and Lebanon and replacing them with radical regimes. Countries that it  can't subvert, it tries to destroy, like our friend Israel. And its  aggressive sectarian ideology drives Sunni Muslims into the arms of  extremist groups like the Islamic State.   There is no getting around the fact that in the Middle East, the  answer to most questions is Iran, and our allies have told me  repeatedly in recent months that they need our help to confront  Tehran's campaign of imperial aggression.   In Lebanon, I am happy to say there are some signs of hope. The new  Prime Minister, Sa'ad Hariri, has formed a government and is  purportedly on the verge of approving a budget--the first of its kind  since 2005. For years, the Lebanese Government has struggled with the  growing influence of Iran's proxy, Hezbollah, members of which are on  trial for carrying out the assassination of the Prime Minister's  father, Rafic, in 2005. But now that Hezbollah is committed to the war  in Syria, the Lebanese Government has an opportunity to take control of  its border, its army, and its governing institutions, free of their  terrorist influence. We should take all prudent steps to support  Lebanon as it strives to create security and stability for its own  people and its neighbors.   Then there is Jordan, which for so long has been a relative island of  calm in a tumultuous region. The Hashemite monarchy has been a faithful  friend to America for years, but now, for the first time in recent  history, Jordan faces a hostile, aggressive power on its borders--ISIS.  It is also under an immense strain as it deals with hundreds of  thousands of Syrian refugees living in its territory. Today, Jordan  spends up to 25 percent of its budget on helping refugees. We need to  continue helping this bulwark of stability stand against the forces of  Islamic extremism by sharing intelligence, helping train police and  counterterrorism forces, and partnering in the fight against ISIS.   Finally, there is Israel, which it is no secret that the regime in  Tehran has vowed to destroy. While we were overseas, Israeli warplanes  struck deep into the heart of Syrian territory. They were targeting a  convoy of advanced missiles bound for Hezbollah. In a serious  escalation, Syria fired missiles not  [[Page S2068]]  only at Israeli aircraft but at Israeli territory, one of which was  intercepted by the Arrow 2 missile defense system. This incident goes  to show just how important our aid is to protecting Israel's security  and how important Israel is to confronting Iranian-sponsored  aggression. We must continue to support Israel and its development of  advanced missile defense systems.   I am happy to report that all three of our allies continue to seek  ever-closer friendship with the United States. They are optimistic  about their ability to work together under the new administration, and  they sincerely appreciate everything our country has done for them.   I saw for myself a reminder of this country's sacrifice at the U.S.  Embassy in Beirut. There, you will find a memorial that is dedicated to  the 241 Americans who died in the terrorist bombing of our Marine  barracks in 1983. That atrocity was committed by Hezbollah, if anyone  needed a reminder as to why we fight alongside our allies against the  Iran-Hezbollah-Syria axis in the contest of supremacy in the Middle  East.   If our trip taught us anything, it was that our allies will not give  up the fight but that it will take American leadership to stop Iran's  campaign of imperial aggression.   I yield the floor.   