 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have  5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H.R. 1694.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1694, the Fannie and  Freddie Open Records Act of 2017.   Mr. Chairman, transparency is critical. It is critical to oversight  and accountability of the Federal Government and how it spends taxpayer  dollars. The American public has a right to know how their tax dollars  are spent.   The Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA, is a key tool for citizens  to access information about their government. Fannie Mae and Freddie  Mac are not subject to the requirements of FOIA, despite taxpayers'  substantial investment into both entities and the government's implicit  guaranteed backing of these entities.   Taxpayers have spent $187 billion to bail out Fannie and Freddie, the  most sweeping government intervention into private financial markets in  decades. Taxpayers are on the hook for $400 billion in lost investments  and $5 trillion in mortgage liabilities.   At the same time, the American public is unable to seek  accountability from these entities under FOIA. It is far past time we  apply FOIA to Fannie and Freddie. There is precedent for applying FOIA  to non-traditional quasi-governmental entities. Congress subjected  Amtrak to FOIA in recognition of sizeable taxpayer funding.   To stabilize the housing market in the aftershock of the 2008  financial crisis, the Federal Housing Finance Agency placed Fannie and  Freddie into conservatorship to return them to financial viability and  stockholder control. FHFA is a government entity subject to FOIA. Under  the terms of its conservatorship over Fannie and Freddie, FHFA  exercises the titles to their books and records, as well as the powers  and privileges of Fannie and Freddie.   Despite this government intervention and explicit guarantee,  taxpayers, however, are unable to obtain any information from Fannie  and Freddie.   H.R. 1694, the Fannie and Freddie Open Records Act of 2017, sponsored  by Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz, will allow  the American public to submit FOIA requests to Fannie and Freddie as  long as the entities remain under FHFA's conservatorship. H.R. 1694  reflects FOIA's presumptions of openness, granting taxpayers  information unless an exemption applies.   This bill is a commonsense measure to allow the American public  access to basic information regarding entities that they fund with  their tax dollars.   The American public should not be in the dark when it comes to what  Fannie and Freddie are doing.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for the legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Arkansas.    Mr. Chairman, as you can see, this is a bill that I think  has broad bipartisan support. It is something that we need to do for  the taxpayers who have invested so much into Fannie and Freddie over  the years. Let's make them subject to FOIA.   I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, as the  designee of the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Chaffetz).    Mr. Chairman, the manager's amendment that I am offering on  behalf of Chairman Chaffetz makes technical and conforming changes to  the bill.   Applying FOIA to Fannie and Freddie while the entities remain in  conservatorship will better ensure that the American people know what  their government does with their taxpayer dollars. But, if and when  Fannie and Freddie come out of conservatorship, the entities need to be  able to operate as commercially competitive businesses.   This amendment clarifies that Fannie and Freddie may use exemption 4,  which protects sensitive commercial information from disclosure,  regardless of whether information was obtained from a person outside of  Fannie or Freddie, to protect their financially sensitive materials  from public disclosure.   Mr. Chairman, recognizing the administrative labors involved in  setting up FOIA shops, the amendment also addresses the implementation  date. Fannie and Freddie will likely need to hire staff, update their  websites, and identify records to be made publicly available as a  matter of course.   The manager's amendment, therefore, provides Fannie and Freddie 6  months after the bill's enactment to establish their respective staffs  and protocols to administer FOIA.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, FOIA does not require that all records be  released to requesters. The FOIA statute allows agencies to withhold  information under nine exemptions, which were designed to protect truly  sensitive information that would be harmful to important interests if  released.   Just last year, Congress clarified that the expectation--and now the  legal requirement--is that agencies only withhold information when it  is necessary to prevent harm to the interest that the exemption was  intended to protect. The Johnson amendment clarifies that Fannie and  Freddie would be allowed to withhold requested information under those  nine exemptions, just as any other agency would be permitted to  withhold information, if the enterprises reasonably foresee that  disclosure would harm a protected interest.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, it is imperative that Fannie's and Freddie's  conservator--the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or FHFA--scrutinize  new purchasing strategies to ensure that the enterprises' dealings are  in line with their charters to stimulate homeownership. If FHFA fails  to guarantee the soundness of their business dealings, FOIA could  empower the taxpayer to step in and hold accountable Fannie or Freddie.   For instance, thanks to taxpayers' explicit backing of Fannie earlier  this year, Invitation Homes, the single-family rental business owned by  the lucrative private equity firm Blackstone, secured a $1.8 billion  initial public offering, or IPO, the largest since October of 2015.   In its IPO filing, Invitation Homes disclosed that Fannie, which  received over $116 billion from the taxpayers in the aftershock of the  financial crisis, is guaranteeing up to $1 billion in debt from  Invitation. While Blackstone gets the money, the taxpayers take on the  risk; and Fannie pivots unimpeded into the rental markets, leaving  those hopeful of homeownership with less support.   Applying FOIA to Fannie and Freddie under this bill strengthens the  guarantee that government-sponsored entities are fulfilling their  mandate to stimulate homeownership rather than being in the business of  supporting profitable, private equity investors on the backs of  taxpayers.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment further clarifies the legislation's  assurance of applicable disclosures as a mechanism to keep Fannie and  Freddie consistent with their Federal charters to stimulate  homeownership.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   