 Mr. Speaker, the Republicans have rushed this bill to the  floor before they even had a chance to print the text, let alone get a  CBO score. They are pushing this bill through without any analysis so  that the American people won't know how terrible this bill really is-- how many millions of people will lose their health insurance, how much  premiums will skyrocket for those with pre-existing conditions, how  little money they will actually save. And all to score empty political  points or to impress Donald Trump, a man who has demonstrated again and  again that he does not know or care what is in this bill, and just  wants to ``win.''   This bill is the same terrible legislation the Republicans failed to  pass in March, but with amendments to make it even more cruel to the  American people. The bill will kick 24 million people off their health  insurance and eliminate employer-provided coverage for seven million  people. The bill creates an ``age tax'' that would allow insurers to  charge older Americans five times as much as a younger person for the  same plan. The bill raises premiums 30 percent for people who allow  their insurance to lapse for any reason. The bill cuts $880 billion out  of Medicad and forces states to ration care to the millions of families  and children who rely on it, in clear violation of Donald Trump's  campaign pledge. The bill gives the wealthiest Americans a trillion  dollar tax cut and cuts taxes on drug companies and health insurance  companies that pay their CEOs more than $500,000.   But that bill wasn't terrible enough to get the votes of the right  wing of the Republicans in the House, so the Republicans made it even  crueler. The amendments the Republicans will add today allow states to  waive the essential health benefits requirements for insurance plans,  meaning you could lose coverage for services as basic as hospital  stays, prescription drugs, or doctor visits. States will also be able  to waive the guarantee against discrimination against people with pre- existing conditions. Of course, the Republicans are saying that  insurance companies cannot deny people coverage, but insurers will be  able to charge people whatever they want. The Center for American  Progress estimates that premiums could increase by over $36,000 per  year for people diagnosed with breast cancer. Pregnancy will result in  a $17,000 increase in premiums. Asthma, a $4,000 increase. The high  risk pools Republicans are touting will do nothing to protect people by  sequestering the sickest Americans in pools and then drastically  underfunding them. The Republicans are hiding from these numbers behind  the so-called Upton Amendment, which provides a paltry $8 billion to  cover some extra costs for those with pre-existing conditions. But even  the conservative Mercatus Foundation found that to be less than a  pittance compared with the skyrocketing costs for those who need it.   Every day, we are finding new egregious consequences of this  legislation. Last night, the New York Times reported that passing this  bill will cut special education programs to over 2500 students with  disabilities. Yesterday, the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities  reported that the tax credits Republicans are proposing in this bill  will be totally unusable in states like California and New York because  of state laws that require coverage of abortion. Reports have come out  that sexual assault and domestic violence would, once again, be  considered a pre-existing condition, making insurance unaffordable for  survivors. The Wall Street Journal reported that the bill could allow  employers to reinstate lifetime caps and eliminate out-of-pocket caps  for their employees' insurance plans, leaving the 159 million Americans  who get insurance through their employer with no insurance coverage  when they need it most. That's right--if you think that because you  don't buy insurance on the exchange and therefore don't have to worry  about this bill, you're wrong. I have no doubt that in the time it  takes to read this statement another round of articles and reports will  come out finding even more abhorrent consequences of this contemptible  piece of legislation.   So I ask my Republican colleagues--who are you passing this bill for?  Are you so out of touch with the lives of real Americans that you no  longer understand what it means to struggle to pay your medical bills?  Have you traveled so far from the values you claim to uphold that you  are willing to force parents to watch their children die of curable  diseases because they have reached the lifetime cap on covered costs  that your bill reinstates, and they can no longer afford to pay for  treatment? Are you willing to gamble away their lives and the lives of  their children just to say you passed a bill to repeal the Affordable  Care Act?   Shame on any member who votes for this cowardly, cruel bill and tries  to sell this bill to their constituents as a win for the American  people. Shame on this House for even considering a bill that could  leave the most vulnerable in our country--children born with  disabilities, women fleeing domestic violence, older Americans too sick  to buy insurance but too young to enroll in Medicare--at the mercy of  insurance companies and fate. Shame on you for playing political games  with people's lives.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition  to the American Care Act. After seven years, the Republicans have  released a plan that works to kick people off health insurance very  quickly, increases out-of-pocket costs, and punishes older and sicker  Americans. This is not the package that I envisioned.   Some of the key features of the Affordable Care Act that millions of  people relied on would be gone under this proposal. Under the  Affordable Care Act, states could expand Medicaid, but this proposal  would freeze enrollment to expanded Medicaid at January 1, 2020. On  that date, enrollees who drop off of Medicaid due to income changes  would not be able to return to Medicaid coverage if they dropped on for  one full month. The proposal also changes Medicaid funding to a per  capita cap system which will lead to deep cuts to Medicaid in my home  state of Texas. This punishes low-income Americans who would otherwise  have no access to health insurance.   This piece of legislation forces Americans to pay more and get less.  The average subsidy under the American Health Care Act will likely be  about 60 percent of the average subsidy under current law. Deductibles  and out-of-pocket spending in the individual market will have to  increase due to the elimination of requirements that insurance plans  cover a certain value. Americans will pay more for their  [[Page H4170]]  premiums, more for their care, more on out-of-pocket expenses and  deductibles; all the while giving tax breaks to the wealthy and the  tanning industry.   One amendment to this bill would repeal the Essential Health  Benefits, the ten coverage rules set up by the Affordable Care Act. The  Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover ten ``Essential Health  Benefits'' from maternity care, mental health, and prescription drugs,  to hospitalization and outpatient care. If this is repealed,  comprehensive health insurance will become virtually unavailable in the  individual market. This means that individuals with pre-existing  conditions would not be protected. Younger and healthier people  benefit, older and sicker people suffer.   Another amendment would allow states to waive out of the Affordable  Care Act's ban on pre-existing conditions. However, Members of Congress  and their staff would be protected from this provision and would be  guaranteed coverage of pre-existing conditions.   Mr. Speaker, the public has spoken about this so-called  ``replacement'' bill. People will live or die as a result of this  legislation. The Republican leadership has rushed this bill to the  floor without any consideration and I urge you all to consider its  harmful effects. Your constituents are asking you to work with us to  repair the Affordable Care Act. Work with us.   