 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want  to express my admiration and deep appreciation for the gentlewoman from  Indiana for her leadership on this most important bill.   This gives us a chance to do something, which is to give a voice to  those victims who have suffered in silence and yet had the courage to  come forward and allow others to appreciate the depth of the impact  that they have suffered, as well as an opportunity for us to assure  that this kind of pattern doesn't repeat itself again.   We know it is a pattern because we have, as has been aptly  demonstrated by the speakers before me, stories of young women who have  been victimized because they enter a trusting relationship--one between  a coach and a person in which that power dynamic is so unique, the  young person putting their future in the hands--which is exploited by  that person superior in the relationship.   So we now have chance to assure that that trust is not further  impacted. But it is not just that relationship; it is the long-term  implications of it which are so damaging.   Working with the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape, we have come to  appreciate victims and how the psychological impacts, including things  like substance abuse and other kinds of psychological disorders, last  for years, and by the courage of coming forward, it does not  necessarily end that impact on them.   In fact, it is not just situations like coach and athlete. All kinds  of trusting relationships can create a dynamic--one including something  that I am currently working on, massage parlors--in which individuals  who put themselves in a compromising position find themselves  assaulted.   Most recently, I introduced the Duty to Report Act, addressing that  kind of a violation of that trusting relationship.   These are examples of opportunities for us to address, once and for  all, the implications of people who are allowed to move from one  situation to another when reports come forward and stop. We call that  pass the trash.   Today, it is time for our body to put forward the kind of legislation  that will assure that there is a duty to report so, along with due  process, there can be an internal investigation to assure and reporting  requirements so that these individuals are not able to victimize future  young athletes, future people who put themselves in the position of  trust.   Mr. Chair, I applaud my colleagues who support this legislation, and  I ask that we do so with a strong voice from this House.   