 Madam President, the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services, or CMS, is a major part of the Department of Health  and Human Services. A third of the Nation--more than 100 million  Americans--get access to quality healthcare through CMS's programs-- Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and the  Affordable Care Act Marketplace. CMS also includes the Center for  Medicare and Medicare Innovation and several other activities to  improve access and affordability in our Nation's health system for all  Americans--regardless of income, gender, or health status.   President Trump, Secretary Price, and congressional Republicans seek  to drastically restructure our Nation's healthcare, threatening to  leave millions without coverage. In the face of that threat, we need a  CMS Administrator who knows how to lead CMS and is willing to do  whatever she can to protect Americans' healthcare. After hearing from  several organizations that deal directly with CMS and familiarizing  myself with President Trump's nominee, I cannot support the nomination  of Seema Verma for this important role.   Ms. Verma does not have the experience or appropriate knowledge  needed to head this vital agency. Her limited scope of experience with  just Medicaid, lack of familiarity with Medicare, and willingness to  restructure CMS's rules that protect millions are cause for deep  concern.   If confirmed, Ms. Verma would manage 85 percent of the HHS's $1  trillion budget, which in turn is more than a quarter of the Federal  Government's, and Ms. Verma would oversee 4,000 employees. Running CMS  requires significant experience with healthcare and is best done by a  person who has held significant positions in private industry and  government.   But nothing in Ms. Verma's career shows her to have the skills to  operate a budget or team of this magnitude. She has never managed a  large organization and has little experience with Medicare. Ms. Verma  has operated a small, 10-person company, SVC, Inc., and consulted on  various State Medicaid programs. Her experience is inadequate for the  important role for which President Trump nominated her.   The next CMS Administrator will have an important voice forming  healthcare policy. HHS Secretary Price has been on the forefront of  efforts to slash Medicaid and turn Medicare into a voucher program.  President Trump, Secretary Price, and congressional Republicans have  made it a priority to repeal the Affordable Care Act. We need a CMS  Administrator who will provide a reality check in the face of these  reckless proposals. We need a CMS Administrator who will work to uphold  President Trump's promise that ``there will be no cuts to Social  Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.''   Ms. Verma, however, could not make that commitment during her Senate  Finance Committee confirmation hearing. To the contrary, during her  hearing, Ms. Verma expressed openness to block-granting Medicaid or  instilling per-capita caps--putting the coverage of nearly 70 million  vulnerable Americans at stake. These policies would end the Federal  guarantee of matching funds to States and would dramatically cut  Federal funding to States. Analyzing a 2012 congressional Republican  block grant proposal, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found  that, for States to manage their Medicaid programs at reduced funding  levels, they would have to limit Medicaid eligibility, reduce benefits,  cut payment rates, or increase out-of-pocket costs for beneficiaries.  These proposals would result in the denial of healthcare and long-term  care to millions of vulnerable Americans.   We need a leader at CMS who will defend the historic gains of the  Affordable Care Act The Affordable Care Act set standards for consumer  protection and significantly expanded coverage. Repeal could cause 22  million Americans--and 400,000 Marylanders--to lose quality, affordable  health coverage. Repeal would imperil new access to life saving  substance-use-disorder and mental health treatment Repeal would  endanger coverage for children who now have access to comprehensive  health services. Repeal could significantly raise premiums and erode  consumer protections for Americans who have coverage outside of the  Marketplace.   Under the Affordable Care Act, insurance plans must provide maternity  care as an essential health benefit. But during her nomination hearing,  Mrs. Verma said that, while some women want maternity coverage, ``some  women might not choose that,'' signaling her view that the law should  not require insurance companies to provide this critical coverage. This  is unacceptable. Ms. Verma's position would put the health of mothers  and families at risk and drive up costs for plans that did provide the  coverage. We will not turn back the clock to when maternity coverage  was optional. We need an Administrator who will stand with mothers and  families on this issue.   Because of Ms. Verma's lack of adequate healthcare experience and her  willingness to consider rash policies that are far out of the  mainstream, I do not believe that she is equipped to appropriately  advise the President and Secretary on these policies that affect  millions of Americans. I will not support her nomination to head CMS.   