 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here we are on another evening, debating  another Cabinet nominee, addressing the question that Hamilton put  before us, which is whether an individual is of fit character to serve  in a particular post. This effort, this advice and consent  responsibility held by the Senate, is one that was anticipated by our  Founders to be used rarely because the very existence of this power,  they felt, would ensure that a President would nominate people who are  appropriately suited to the post they would hold. So I do find it  troubling the number of times I have come to the floor in these last  few weeks to speak about a nominee and consider whether they are fit  and to find that perhaps the individual is lacking.   Tonight we are considering the nomination of Congressman Mick  Mulvaney to head the Office of Management and Budget. This is a  powerful organization, and it is a very important position. It plays a  critical role in the oversight and management of our Federal budget. It  plays a critical role in determining what gets funded and what doesn't  get funded. So with that in mind, it is important that we have a robust  debate about this position and about this nominee.   To break that down a little bit, the Office of Management and Budget  puts together the budget for the President. In doing so, they take the  vision our President has articulated, and they build it into a roadmap  to accomplish that vision because where you spend money affects what  actually happens as we pursue programs here in the United States of  America.   It is the Director of the OMB who works to make sure the various  pieces of the Federal Government are working together like gears that  mesh cleanly together and do not conflict. It is the Director of the  OMB who helps to determine the cost of proposed legislation, which can  advance or doom any particular proposal. It is the position of the OMB  Director to review the impact of proposed regulations, and that can  also have a significant impact.   I come to this conversation with a number of concerns, and the first  is the position of the nominee on Social Security. For 82 years, Social  Security has provided for the American people, and it has helped our  Nation prosper.   On the third anniversary of the Social Security Act, in 1938,  Franklin Roosevelt pointed out: ``Men and women too old and infirm to  work either depended on those who had but little to share, or spent  their remaining years within the walls of a poorhouse.''   That is not the vision we have today. Thanks to Social Security, our  seniors have a basic income to see them through their golden years.  They can live out their lives in relative comfort and security, rather  than, as Franklin Roosevelt put it, ``within the walls of a  poorhouse.''   In 2016, roughly 61 million Americans received over $900 billion in  Social Security benefits. That is a huge injection into our economy,  and it is spent almost immediately on fundamental goods. Nearly 9 out  of 10 Americans older than 65 receive Social Security benefits, and for  one-quarter of our Social Security beneficiaries, including both those  who are single and those who are married, Social Security accounts for  virtually their entire income. That would be many millions--more than  15 million Americans who would definitely be struggling in the most  difficult fashion financially if Social Security didn't exist.   Retired workers and their dependents account for about 71 percent of  the benefits paid. Funds also go to disabled workers. Disabled workers  and their dependents account for about 16 percent of the benefits.  Survivors of deceased workers account for another 13 percent or roughly  one-eighth of the benefits paid.   Simply put, Social Security assists our retired workers, our disabled  workers, and the survivors of our deceased workers. It is one of the  best ideas America has ever put forward, but Congressman Mulvaney  doesn't agree. He sees Social Security as a Ponzi scheme. Let me  explain what a Ponzi scheme is. A Ponzi scheme is something where the  incoming amount raised immediately pays for the benefits of somebody  who paid in money previously.   We actually have a Social Security trust fund, which is the  difference between Mick Mulvaney's description of Social Security and  what we actually have. If we made no changes, no changes at all to  increase the lifetime of the trust fund, it would continue to be able  to pay 100 percent of the benefits through 2034 and roughly three-  [[Page S1209]]  quarters of all benefits currently promised ever after. That is if we  make no changes.   If we make small changes, our Social Security trust fund is solvent  for decades and decades into the future. Certainly, I think we should  aspire to that vision of a trust fund that has a 75-year horizon, a  full solvency.   The issue that Congressman Mulvaney raises, the idea he raises for  changing how we adjust Social Security, however, isn't one of  increasing the amount of wages that are subject to Social Security tax;  it is not one of putting premiums on the income earned through  nonwages, which is primarily income raised by wealthier Americans.  Instead, it is to say to folks: Just retire later.   When you are a white-collar worker and you work in an office that is  nicely air-conditioned and you have had full healthcare benefits  throughout your entire life, maybe when you get into your sixties, you  say, ``Well, maybe I could keep working a little longer,'' but the  reality for a huge percentage of Americans who work difficult jobs, who  work jobs where their bodies wear out, they don't have the choice of  simply saying: I will retire in another 5 years, because they literally  have developed so many issues and challenges that it is impossible to  do the same kind of work they did in their twenties and their thirties  in their sixties.   So that strategy of moving the goalpost on American workers, many of  whom are decades already into the work they are doing, doesn't fulfill  the promise and the vision of the Social Security Program.   While Social Security is a great idea, moving the retirement age to  age 70--which Mick Mulvaney advocates for, from his view as someone who  comes from a job that perhaps isn't as arduous as many jobs in  America--is a bad idea.   This vision continues on into Medicare. Like Social Security,  Medicare is also a generational promise, a lifeline for countless  Americans since President Johnson signed it into law now more than five  decades ago. Over 55 million Americans rely on Medicare for their  health and their financial security. Roughly, 46 million are older  Americans, 9 million are younger Americans with disabilities or certain  illnesses.   While this program has worked incredibly well, our nominee wants to  ``end Medicare as we know it.'' Those are ominous words for the 55  million Americans relying on Medicare. He also believes we have to  raise the retirement age.   He told Bloomberg News in 2011: ``You have to raise the retirement  age, lower a payout, change the reimbursement system.''   The problem with raising the retirement age is the same problem we  have with Social Security. For American workers working hard in many  types of jobs, their bodies are worn out. I used to have folks come to  my townhalls and say: Senator, I am just trying to stay alive until I  get to age 65, and they would tell me how they had multiple diseases  and they were choosing between which disease to treat or how they had a  single significant problem, but they were deciding to skip their pills  every other day or cut their pills in half or perhaps go a week without  their pills at all or how they were choosing not to go to the doctor  when they developed a difficulty because they were afraid they wouldn't  be able to afford the payment. That is not a healthcare system, but  Mick Mulvaney wants to say to those folks: Oh, you reached age 65, too  bad. I am providing this healthcare program another 5 years into the  future. That is simply wrong, but more than wrong, it is also in direct  contradiction to the promises made by President Trump during his  campaign.    The contrast is incredibly stark between the President's promise to  Americans that unlike so many of the folks in his party, he would not  be the one to promote tearing down Medicare and Social Security. He  would not be the one to promote advancing the retirement age so people  who are struggling have to struggle for another 5 years. So it is a  poor fit between this individual and the office and the promises made  to the American people.   Another concern I have is in regard to Congressman Mulvaney's  advocacy for shutting down the economy. He seems very comfortable  playing Russian roulette with our economy. He and a group of other  House Members brought our government to a screeching halt in 2013  because they wanted to defund the Affordable Care Act. What is the  Affordable Care Act? The Affordable Care Act has enabled 20 million  Americans to gain access to healthcare that they didn't have  previously.   In my home State of Oregon, the Affordable Care Act has enabled about  one-half million people to gain access to healthcare, both through  expansion of Medicaid, known as the Oregon Health Plan, and also  through the healthcare exchange and marketplace where you can compare  one policy to another, shop for the policy that best fits your family,  and those of modest means get credit to help pay for those policies so  they can actually afford them. It is an affordable care plan that  provides for a healthcare set of benefits--benefits such as the ability  to keep your children on your policy through age 26, benefits such as  not having an annual limit or a lifetime limit on your policy so that  when you do get seriously ill, you don't run out of healthcare partway  into treating your disease. It is the Affordable Care Act that ends  gender discrimination in the insurance marketplaces. It is the  Affordable Care Act that says if you have a preexisting condition, you  can still get insurance.   I was at a fundraising walk for a woman who had a family member with  multiple sclerosis. It was a fundraiser for multiple sclerosis. She  said: Senator, this year is so different from last year. That was the  year before the Affordable Care Act was implemented. I asked: How so?  She said: A year ago, if your loved one was diagnosed with MS and they  had insurance, you knew there was a good chance that your insurance was  going to run out at the end of the year or they would hit a lifetime  limit, and they wouldn't be able to pay for the care they needed. She  said: If you didn't have insurance, you now have a preexisting  condition that would prevent you from ever getting insurance.   She went on to say that the difference between last year and this  year, because of the Affordable Care Act, is that now members in the MS  community--those who had the disease and their family members who were  supporting them all out at this fundraising walk--now knew their loved  one would have the peace of mind that they would get the care they  needed. This is what a healthcare system is all about, peace of mind,  but Mick Mulvaney wanted to tear away that peace of mind. He proceeded  to support a 16-day government shutdown that cost our country $24  billion--and to what purpose? To rip peace of mind away from 20 million  Americans.   Back in 2015, he threatened to do it all again. The damage he had  done--the $24 billion he had stolen from the American Treasury in the  context of damaging the government with that shutdown--he was ready to  do it all again in order to make sure Planned Parenthood never gets a  dime from the government. To be clear, not a single dime from the  government goes to Planned Parenthood for abortions. In fact, the  organization that has done more to decrease abortions than any other in  our country is Planned Parenthood. The government funds go for  different purposes. They go to Planned Parenthood to do cancer  screenings, breast cancer screenings, prostate cancer screenings, and a  whole host of fundamental basic healthcare. They are the healthcare  provider for 2.5 million American women. Just as he was ready to  recklessly shut down the government to rip healthcare away from 20  million Americans in 2013, he was ready to defund these essential  healthcare clinics serving 2.5 million Americans in 2015. That is a  sign of someone who has lost their policy foundations and is acting in  an irresponsible and unacceptable manner.   Let's talk a little bit about the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau. The CFPB was in response to a big problem in America, which was  that we had no one looking out to shut down predatory financial  practices. It was the responsibility of the Federal Reserve, but the  Federal Reserve had their conversation on monetary policy up in the  penthouse--the top level, if you will. That is what the Chairman of the  Federal Reserve paid attention to.  [[Page S1210]]  They took the responsibility for consumer protection and put them down  in the basement, and they locked the door and threw away the key.   Folks kept coming to the Federal Reserve saying: Hey, there is a  major concern here. We have these predatory mortgages that have these  teaser rates, and they are going to destroy the families who get those  mortgages. They are going to destroy their dream of homeownership and  turn it into a nightmare. People went to the Federal Reserve and said:  By the way, we now have these wire loans, where there is no  documentation of income and people are being sold these loans that they  have no hope of repaying. In addition, we have another predatory  practice called steering payments, which are kickbacks to originators.  So they are getting kickbacks to steer people into subprime loans with  high interest rates rather than prime loans that they qualify for. What  happened? The Federal Reserve ignored all of that. That is the  foundation for the collapse of our economy in 2008.   So along comes Elizabeth Warren. Elizabeth Warren, as an advocate,  not yet a Senator, comes to this body and said: We need an agency whose  mission is to look out and stop predatory financial practices, a  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and we got it done.   What does Mick Mulvaney say about this effort to stop predatory  financial practices? He says it is a ``sick, sad joke.'' So I asked him  about this in committee. I said: Really? This is an agency that finally  is watching out for working families so they are not prey to predatory,  fraudulent practices. And he said: Yes, ``a sick, sad joke.''   I said: You know, they have returned funds to 27 million Americans.  What other agency has fought for Americans in that fashion--returned  funds to them from folks who were operating in a predatory fashion, to  27 million Americans. I didn't change his view by raising that.   I said: You know, this agency, to those 27 million people, has  returned $12 billion. There was $12 billion returned to people who were  cheated; isn't that a good thing? But I didn't persuade him.   He said: You know, I don't like the way this agency is set up. I want  it to be a commission rather than an individual who heads it, and I  want the funds to be appropriated annually by Congress.   I can tell you exactly why he wants those provisions, because that is  the way Congress, at the behest of Wall Street, can step on the airhose  that supplies the oxygen to CFPB. They can stop the CFPB from  functioning as a guardian, as a watchdog for consumers in America by  simply defunding it.   We have a President who ran on the principle of taking on Wall  Street, but Mick Mulvaney doesn't want to take on Wall Street. He wants  to do their bidding, to be able to shut down this agency that is  finally fighting for financial fairness for working families. Wait. We  have a President who said he is going to fight for working families.  Mick Mulvaney should be backing the CFPB. He should be expanding the  CFPB. He should be championing the CFPB, but, no, he wants to tear it  down. That is deeply disturbing.   I see my colleague, the Senator from Hawaii, who is prepared to make  remarks. I am going to wrap up my remarks.   There are more concerns that I have about the policy perspectives and  how out of sync this nominee is with the promises the President made to  fight for working Americans, the promises he made to take on Wall  Street, the promises he made to protect Social Security, the promises  he made to strengthen Medicare, not to tear it down. So for all these  reasons, I find Mick Mulvaney is not the right person to fill this  post, and I encourage my colleagues to vote against confirming him in  this capacity.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Josh Lind, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of the  day.   