 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and spokesman  for the other side.   Before I give my remarks, I don't think this is an either/or  proposition, Mr. Speaker. Some of the things that my friend from Alaska  just talked about make sense. There is nothing more essential than  life. But this is a bill that has been put in with other bills as well.  So I rise in opposition to the rule, Mr. Speaker.   This week, the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade held our first  hearing of the year, which was on NAFTA. You would think, from the  President's rhetoric on trade, that many on the other side in Congress  would be focused on creating good-paying, middle-class jobs and  boosting our manufacturing base. You would think that. But, instead, we  are here debating a bill, a number of bills, that are an assault on  private property rights and the environment in the name of corporate  profit and expediency.   Lo, what happened in 1923 that led to a change in our Tax Code when  we tried to privatize public property and public resources. It was the  biggest scandal of the 20th century.   Where are the jobs that were supposed to be coming back from overseas  under this administration? Where are the higher middle class wages?  Where are the policies coming from this Congress that support workers  and their families?   The majority of Americans, Mr. Speaker, agree that keeping United  States jobs from moving overseas should be a top priority. Yet, despite  the empty promises made by this President, the flow of jobs overseas  has not stopped by any barometer.   This administration has awarded government contracts to companies  that continue to offshore our jobs. Think about that. Our tax money is  still going to corporate America that sends jobs overseas to help those  companies send jobs overseas. Now, if that makes any sense, I will  listen to the rationale.   We don't stop companies from offshoring American jobs by holding  rallies. We do it by making good policy, an exercise this  administration and this majority-led Congress have refused to engage  in. If they want to change that, they can start right now.   Under current law, when companies move overseas, we give them a tax  break for the cost--a tax break. That is the law.   We need to stop offshoring now. The Congress can defeat the previous  question and bring up the Bring Jobs Home Act. This bill eliminates  this tax deduction and gives a tax credit of up to 20 percent of the  cost to United States businesses that bring jobs back to the United  States of America. The companies would have to add jobs to claim the  credit.   I have also introduced legislation, the Jobs and Trade  Competitiveness Act, that builds on the Bring Jobs Home Act and further  strengthens enforcement against countries that cheat our trade laws.    I encourage my colleagues to look at it.   So let's stop subsidizing companies that ship jobs overseas and start  bringing jobs back to our shores. It doesn't get much simpler than  that, Mr. Speaker.   This is not a new idea. President Obama and Democrats in Congress  have raised this bill for years. The Republican House has blocked our  bill at every turn. Senator Stabenow of Michigan leads this bill in the  Senate, where it cleared a procedural vote in 2014, 93-7.   President Trump has declared this week Made In America Week. I  challenge you today to stop the small talk and put your money where  your mouth is. Take up and pass this bill to stand up for American  manufacturing and the workers here at home who need it.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so we can bring up the  Bring Jobs Home Act and start bringing jobs back to the United States.   