 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado (Mr. Buck)  for taking the opportunity to highlight some of the good work the House  has accomplished this year. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to build  on these accomplishments so that Congress as a whole can keep their  promises to the American people.   As Congress continues to face the preeminent task of repairing our  Nation's healthcare system, first and foremost, we must establish the  proper foundation for a competitive and consumer-driven health  insurance marketplace. The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of  2017 will restore the application of Federal antitrust and competition  laws to the health insurance industry.   Ending the special interest exemption is the first step to broader  healthcare reform. Popular cost-reducing reform priorities, such as  selling insurance across State lines and developing diverse consumer- driven plans, are predicated on the robust competitive markets this  bill will ensure.   The McCarran-Ferguson Act of 1945 exempted the insurance industry  from the Sherman Act and the Clayton Act, acts that have the purpose of  ensuring fair competition. This broad exemption was intended to assist  the newly developing business of insurance so that those companies  could set sustainable premiums by permitting data sharing between  insurance companies.   However, after 70 years, it is apparent that the broad-stroked  exemption created by Congress in the 1940s was not wise. Over the  decades, and expeditiously since the passage of ObamaCare in 2009, the  health insurance market has devolved into one of the least transparent  and most anticompetitive industries in the United States.   It is clear that the continued exemption of the health insurance  industry from the full application of the Federal antitrust laws has  had an unfair impact on consumers. It shows up as artificially higher  premiums, unfair insurance restrictions, harmful policy exclusions, and  simply no diversity of choice.   These antiquated exemptions are no longer necessary. There is no  reason in law, policy, or logic for the health insurance industry to  have special exemptions that are different from all other businesses in  the United States.   Repeal of the specific section of the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which  applies only to health insurance, has strong bipartisan support. A form  of this legislation passed the Democratic-controlled House during the  111th Congress by a vote of 406-19 and passed the Republican-led House  in the 112th Congress by a voice vote.   Similar legislation has been introduced by multiple Democratic  Members of the House, and the text of my bill has been included in the  Republican Study Committee's healthcare reform bill for the last four  Congresses in a row.   In March of this year, this pro-market reform received its biggest  show of support yet, passing by an overwhelming majority of 416-7. Now,  when 416 Members of the House agree, it sends a strong call to action  in the Senate.   As a dentist, I know how important robust competition is to dynamic  and effective health insurance. It should protect the patient as well  as the healthcare provider. It should uniformly apply associated checks  and balances that incentivize competition and prevent monopolies.  Today, in the healthcare market, those equally applied antitrust  protections just simply don't exist.   I don't have a crystal ball that will tell you what the future holds  for healthcare or what it will look like. I don't think anybody knows.  But I can tell you that history is an important guide. The 70-year  antitrust exemption for health insurance has strangled competition and  resulted in a consolidated, anticompetitive, and nontransparent scheme  controlled by seven megacorporations. That is not what we want for our  future.   Instead, let's liberate the market by removing this antitrust  exemption. Imagine what could exist when we put the patient first and  demand that health insurance companies compete for their business. This  market should be patient-centric, patient-focused, and provide a  variety of affordable, quality options that empower patient involvement  and accountability.   The passage of the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act into law  is an important first step toward increasing competition in the health  insurance market and will assist in setting the foundation for real  competitive and patient-centered healthcare reform.   I thank my friends in the House for their strong support, and at the  same time, promises were made in the Senate to get a vote on the Senate  floor. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to build upon the good work  of this Chamber and do their part to restore competition in the health  insurance industry.   There is an old saying: Trust is a series of promises kept.   Keep the promise. We are watching.   