 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an  appropriate amount of time to finish my remarks.    Mr. President, one of the privileges of being in the  Senate is actually being able to preside, as the Presiding Officer is  doing right now--to sit at the Chair and listen and watch my colleagues  talk about issues that matter to them, and a lot of times issues that  matter to their States. In this amazing country of ours we have so many  great States, great stories, and great traditions. When I am presiding,  some relate to Texas, where the current Presiding Officer is from,  celebrating our unique traditions, while still appreciating that at our  best we share values as Americans together--opportunity, liberty,  justice, and fairness. It really is one of the things that makes the  Senate a great body and what makes us strong as a nation.   One of the things I like to do is to come to the Senate floor and  talk about some of the traditions in my State--some of the things that  I think make Alaska the greatest State in the Nation. I know some of my  colleagues will not fully agree with that, but we all get to brag about  our State. When I do that, I like to talk about an individual whom we  recognize as the Alaskan of the Week. Often, it is somebody who is  doing something in a remote part of Alaska whom not a lot of people  know about. It is very important to share that with my colleagues in  the Senate and other colleagues watching on TV.   Today, I would like to recognize a young Alaskan from Gambell, AK,  named Chris Apassingok, a young whaler who is helping to keep the  tradition that we have in Alaska--Native whaling--alive and well. He is  our Alaskan of the Week.   This year, Chris was a keynote speaker at the Elders and Youth  Conference, which is a precursor to the  [[Page S6898]]  Alaska Federation of Natives conference held each year in one of our  cities. It is the largest annual gathering in the United States of any  Native peoples, and there is nothing like it in all the country. AFN,  as we call it in Alaska, is certainly a highlight of my year. My wife  and I and our kids always try to get there.   Let me spend a few minutes talking about why Chris's speech about  whaling was so important and what happened after he landed a huge  bowhead whale in Alaska and why that was so inspiring for so many in my  great State and, really, around the country.   Gamble, AK, is where Chris comes from, a Yupik village of about 700  people on St. Lawrence Island, on the northwest edge of Alaska. It is 1  of 11 Alaska communities that participate in two whaling seasons,  recognized and authorized by the International Whaling Commission.  These are subsistence communities. What does that mean? They are  subsistence communities because whale meat is actually a necessity in  feeding these communities.   I should point out that we have no road systems at all in Northern  Alaska. Most of Alaska has no roads connected from community to  community, and certainly not in Gambell. The Presiding Officer and I  have had the opportunity to travel around Alaska. He has seen our great  State. He knows that many communities are only accessible by air or  seasonal barge. Some areas can only be reached at certain times of the  year because of the weather. These communities need food. They need  whales.   The annual bowhead whale migration provides the largest subsistence  resource available in these remote areas of our great State. Even so,  when a whale is taken, the sharing does not stop with the residents of  the community. Each whale produces between 6 and 25 tons of food, on  average. This meat is shared with other subsistence communities in our  State and with family members and elders throughout the State. That is  a hugely important part of Alaskan Native culture. This is another  example of the resourcefulness of the Alaskan Native peoples, which has  enabled them to survive in the Arctic--with some of the toughest  weather and conditions anywhere in the world for millennia--and which  has shaped the culture of Alaska and the character of our State today.   Back to Chris, he is an extraordinary hunter, even by the standards  of Gambell, a community of extraordinary hunters. He could aim and  shoot a rifle at the age of 5. By 11, he had trained himself to strike  whales, as one writer put it, ``standing steady in the front of the  skiff with the gun, riding Bering Sea swells like a snowboarder.''   This past April, Chris and his father set out on a boat in the Bering  Sea to do what their ancestors have been doing for thousands of years.   After they got a bearded seal, they spotted a spouting bowhead. Chris  took the first shot, it was accurate, and it was a huge whale, 57 feet  11 inches. It took 2 hours to tow it to shore and 4 days for the  community to carve it up. As always, when a whale is landed, it is time  for celebration in the community, and this time was no different, but  shortly after this, things unfortunately went sour for Chris and the  community.   A radical special interest activist, with a large online following,  read the story about Chris and the whale and he began to attack Chris  and so did many of his followers, from all across the globe--hundreds  of people, most of them adults, cyber bullying and attacking a 16-year- old boy from Gambell, AK, who had, at that point, only left his village  once in his life.   They were shameful, no respect, no civility, and I mean vicious  attacks. I will not repeat them here. It is enough to say they were  greatly upset. In the community, Chris, his family, and his mother  cried all night. Chris was angry that he and his family were being  attacked for partaking in this necessary tradition that his community  and his ancestors have been doing for thousands of years--thousands of  years.   However, this young man, despite the hateful messages from adults,  from adults who live a world away, despite the names they were calling  him, Chris, now 17, cut through the noise, stood strong, and gave a  great speech at AFN, that he will continue to hunt and feed his family  and his community the way his ancestors have done for millennia.   At his speech last week at AFN, he asked: ``Will you stand with me as  I continue my hunting [traditions of my family]?'' The crowd applauded,  all of whom rose when he asked this: ``Will you stand with me'' as we  continue our subsistence activities that we have undertaken for  thousands of years?   I hope everyone across the country stands with this extraordinary  young man--truly brave and courageous--as he continues his tradition  and his right to hunt and feed his community.   This afternoon, I will be holding a hearing in the Commerce Committee  about whaling in Alaska and how necessary it is for subsistence and the  survival of these important cultures. I hope all Americans also stand  with so many other proud Alaska whalers, protecting their rights to  hunt the way their ancestors have hunted.   Thank you, Chris--a young man in Alaska, 17 years old--for standing  tall for your people, for all of Alaska. I also want to thank his  parents Susan and Daniel for raising such a fine hunter.   Congratulations, Chris, for being our Alaskan of the Week.   