 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, later today we will welcome Prime  Minister Justin Trudeau to the Capitol. Canada is more than just our  neighbor. Canada is our ally. I am looking forward to a productive  discussion with him.    Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote on the  nomination, and I move to table the motion to reconsider.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 16, Mick Mulvaney to be  Director of the Office of Management and Budget.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 15, Scott Pruitt to be  Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 3, Wilbur Ross to be  Secretary of Commerce.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 8, Ryan Zinke to be  Secretary of the Interior.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 5, Ben Carson to be  Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Calendar No. 9, James Richard Perry to be  Secretary of Energy.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for these cloture motions be waived.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  February 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be  deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day;  further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive  session as under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Rubio.   