 Mr. President, Senator Durbin has been leading a group of  us talking about DACA, or the Dreamers. I wish to tell the Senate two  stories.   I wish to tell you about Elisha Dawkins. He was a baby who was  brought from the Bahamas at age 6 months. He grew up in America. He  grew up in Jacksonville, FL. He never knew anything about his roots. He  only knew that he was in America.   He served two tours in Iraq. He came back and joined the Navy  Reserve. He had a top secret clearance and was sent to the very  sensitive post of Guantanamo, where he was given a job as a  photographer--obviously, a very sensitive position.   Through an application for a passport and checking on the background  of the passport, it came to be learned that he had come to America as  an infant, and for what reason--for the life of me, it has not been  explained--he was arrested and thrown in jail by a U.S. attorney. Once  this case came to the light of day and some of us started speaking out  about it, a Federal district judge took it in her hands to lecture the  U.S. attorney, and only because of that, Elisha Dawkins was released  from jail.   As a result, we then started getting into it, and Elisha Dawkins was  finally given his citizenship, and he is now serving in his native  Jacksonville. He is a nurse.   Here is an individual who had served two tours in Iraq and was in a  top secret clearance in the service to the  [[Page S8010]]  Navy Reserve in Guantanamo. This just shouldn't happen. Individuals in  good faith have gone about carrying on--some not even knowing; and  Elisha certainly didn't know of his undocumented status--but now we  have many others. These individuals, in good faith, have divulged  personal information to the Department of Homeland Security, which  could eventually deport them, and that is why it is critical that we  pass the Dream Act as soon as possible.    I have heard from DACA recipients from all around the country, but  especially I have heard from a lot of the 30,000 who are in the State  of Florida. I have heard from DACA recipients who are valedictorians,  medical students, even priests. Many are the primary breadwinners for  their families.   Senator Durbin has already highlighted some of my constituents over  the years, including Cristina Velasquez, a graduate of Miami Dade  community college who will soon graduate from Georgetown University and  fulfill her dream of becoming a teacher for Teach For America.   Cristina came to America at age 6 from Venezuela, a country whose  problems Senator Durbin and I, but also the Presiding Officer today,  have consistently been concerned about--the plight of Venezuela.   If we fail to pass the Dream Act, are we saying that we are going to  send Cristina back to the Maduro dictatorship in Venezuela, a  dictatorship that can't even provide the basic staples for its  citizens? Are we going to allow this young lady--who grew up thinking  she was an American, now graduating from Georgetown--to channel her  skills and her passion toward bettering our communities in need as a  teacher? It doesn't make any sense to deport these kids.   The contributions that Dreamers have made are countless, and Cristina  and Elisha are just two examples. These Dreamers will continue to  better our communities if only we will pass the legislation that  Senator Durbin is sponsoring and many of us are cosponsoring.   Rhetorically--this was going to be a time of question and answers,  but Senator Durbin allowed me to kick off this session, and I see that  we have many other Senators to speak.   I yield the floor.   