 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the 2018 Intelligence  Authorization Act, but first I would like to tender a point of personal  privilege.   Happy birthday, Madam Speaker.   This Intelligence Authorization Act has very strong bipartisan  language. I just want to highlight two areas where the IAA furthers  what I believe to be high priorities for our national security.   First, section 605, which I had the honor to author, sets in motion  how to change the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States,  we also call it CFIUS, to better protect our keystone technologies.   This IAA provision dovetails with some broader work that we are doing  in the Financial Services Committee, in fact, across the aisle with  Congressman Pittenger and myself and others. It would modernize the  process to better protect and prevent strategic foreign adversaries  like China or Russia from taking advantage of our open markets in a way  that undermines our national security.   America's technological edge is, in fact, a cornerstone of our  national security, but our strategic adversaries know that, too. They  are increasingly seeking to obtain these critical technologies and  resources through commercial transactions, i.e., they are buying them.  CFIUS is a place to safeguard us against this risk, but it needs  modernization, more resources, and authority and support from the  intelligence community.   Russian meddling in the 2017 election showed us what happens when an  adversary tries to exploit our political openness. Now they are trying  to exploit our economic openness. Our intelligence community is vital  in protecting against both of those threats.   Let me also underscore this point: The fiscal year 2018 IAA takes  steps to safeguard our Nation's edge, our advantage in space, which is,  I am sorry to say, increasingly threatened by adversary nations. To  mitigate that risk, the bill supports some truly cutting-edge space  technologies and invests in and oversees programs to ensure the  resiliency of overhead architecture. At the same time, it keeps up with  the Intelligence Committee's long-running efforts to stimulate  innovation.   In particular, the committee report accompanying today's legislation  asks the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency to examine new  approaches to public and private sector collaboration, with the goal of  fostering the faster, smarter development of automation, artificial  intelligence, and similar technologies.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation. I hope all my  colleagues will join me in both wishing the Speaker a happy birthday  and in voting ``yes'' on this bill.   