 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney), my  friend, for yielding to me the customary 30 minutes for debate.   H.R. 2213 would broaden the criteria for waiving the polygraph  requirements for certain applicants at U.S. Customs and Border  Protection.   Under the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act, the  Commissioner of the CBP would be permitted to waive polygraph  requirements for certain State and law enforcement personnel who have  passed a polygraph examination, Federal law enforcement agents who have  passed a stringent background investigation, and veterans with three  consecutive years in the military who have held a security clearance  and passed a background check.   Mr. Speaker, we understand the importance of ensuring that our  Federal law enforcement agencies are operating at full capacity, but  there are other big-ticket items that we are ignoring in this  institution. So I ask: Where is the Republican agenda?   With control of both Chambers of Congress and the White House, my  colleagues across the aisle have made it through nearly half of their  first year in power without a single major legislative achievement. It  appears that President Donald John Trump is more interested in slashing  old policies than proposing new ones.   Mr. Speaker, President Trump and congressional Republicans have yet  to put forward the promised $1 trillion infrastructure package. Voters  are still waiting for the massive tax cuts promised to them during the  campaign.   The American people have yet to see a single jobs bill, let alone the  supersecret plan to defeat ISIS. And looming over this long to-do list  is the investigation into Russia's blatant attempts to interfere in our  election, an issue that many of my Republican colleagues seem more than  happy to ignore.   Instead, President Donald John Trump and my friends across the aisle  have spent their time rolling back protections for workers, consumers,  teachers, students, and the environment.   Instead of tackling a bipartisan spending deal, addressing budget  cuts under sequestration, and avoiding debt default, the Republican- controlled Congress insists on dismantling the Affordable Care Act and  replacing it with a plan that will raise deductibles, lessen coverage,  and leave 23 million more people uninsured.   Mr. Speaker, there are still plenty of people without jobs in this  country. We have plenty of families worried that they will be tossed  off of their health insurance plan, and we have plenty of folks who are  pleading with Congress to pass compassionate immigration reform.   Yet President Donald John Trump is tweeting about his travel ban and  attacking London Mayor Sadiq Khan hours after a terrorist attack hit  London which, sadly, killed seven people and injured dozens more.   Mr. Speaker, after being the antigovernment party--and I find it  hypocritical that people in the administration are declaring that we  are obstructionists. They gave, during that period of the previous  President, obstruction absolutely new meaning. After being the  antigovernment party for so many years, it appears that the  congressional Republicans have forgotten how to govern.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren), my good friend and a member of the Judiciary  Committee.    I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we continue to be deeply concerned by revelations that  Russia hacked last year's elections. In fact, just this week we learned  that Russian military intelligence engaged in a monthlong cyber attack  against our voting infrastructure, specifically targeting a voting  software supplier and 122 local election officials.   This most recent revelation comes on the back of earlier  determinations by the intelligence community that Russia hacked the DNC  and distributed fake news in order to sway the election in Donald  Trump's favor. This has been made even more troublesome by the fact  that Donald John Trump recently admitted that he fired FBI Director  Comey over the Bureau's investigation into links between the Trump  campaign and Russia.   Mr. Speaker, the integrity of our electoral system is at stake. It is  time the Republican-controlled Congress does its job and acts to defend  our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up the bipartisan bill, H.R. 356, which  would create a nonpartisan commission to investigate Russian  interference into our 2016 election.   This marks the eighth time we have tried to bring this bill to the  House floor. On the previous seven occasions, the Republican majority,  regrettably, refused to allow the House to even debate this important  legislation. But today, they will have yet another opportunity to  redeem themselves. I hope they will finally put country ahead of party.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, we stand here today with a to-do list a  mile long, and we don't have much time to cross items off that list.  There are only 30 working days before our 5-week August recess. That is not much time, but those of us on this  side of the aisle stand ready to work in a bipartisan manner with our  Republican colleagues in order to make sensible reforms to our Tax  Code, our infrastructure and healthcare system, in short, to work hard  for the American people, because that is what we were sent here to do.   It is far past time for my friends across the aisle to come to the  table ready to work on behalf of the American people in a bipartisan  manner. We on this side of the aisle continue to stand ready to do so,  and I urge a ``no'' vote on the rule.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.  [[Page H4672]]    