 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I had the opportunity yesterday, along with  the Coast Guard and the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico, Jenniffer  Gonzalez, to visit San Juan, Puerto Rico, to see firsthand some of the  devastation that has impacted this U.S. territory. I would summarize it  by saying that what I saw were more than 3.5 million American citizens  potentially on the verge of a serious and growing humanitarian crisis.   There are a lot of reasons for this. The first is that Puerto Rico  has been in the eye of not one but three storms. The first was  Hurricane Irma, which impacted it a few weeks ago, followed by the  devastation of Hurricane Maria, and preexisting these two things was a  very significant fiscal crisis that placed extraordinary constraints on  the ability of the territory's government both to prepare for the storm  and now to respond to it.   Our traditional model of hurricane response--one that, unfortunately,  because of numerous storms, I have come to know well as a resident of  Florida--is that FEMA basically arrives in support of the State. When  Florida gets hit by a storm and Texas gets hit by a storm, FEMA comes  in to the State and tells the State: We are here to help. Tell us where  to go, tell us what you need, and we will provide those resources to  the places you want. It works that way. The President issues an  emergency declaration, and it opens up FEMA and other disaster relief,  and then the State government directs that assistance and tells them:  This is what we need, this is where we need it, and this is what we can  handle on our own. This model will not work in Puerto Rico. It will not  work foremost because, as I stated earlier, the financial and fiscal  constraints have limited its capacity to build its own internal ability  to respond.   They had just finished repairing the damage from Irma a few weeks  ago. So, literally, there are not nearly enough basic things like those  wooden poles to hold up the electric lines or the transformers that are  attached to them or even the lines themselves, and, in many cases, the  fuel, power, and crews to get to the work sites.   It will not work because, in many cases, the government of Puerto  Rico still does not have a full assessment of the damage of the storm.  While communication in San Juan is severely limited, in most of the  other areas of the big island and smaller islands, communication is  nonexistent.   Something was brought to my attention firsthand yesterday when we  visited one of the Coast Guard centers and watched. Much of the  response they are conducting there is limited to a paper map on the  wall with some sticky note pads and four landlines on which they hope  people can call in and get updates on what they are seeing in the field  from a satellite phone. Hopefully, that has improved over the last 24  hours as more Coast Guard vessels have come in to support  communications. But we still have large parts of Puerto Rico that have  not communicated with the rest of the island, the government, or the  outside world, for that matter, going on to today.   There are also logistical challenges. In most of the 50 States-- certainly in my home State of Florida, we saw the largest power  restoration effort in the history of the world. At least that is what  they are claiming. Literally, we saw hundreds of those bucket trucks  from all over the United States--all 50 States and even Canada--coming  in with prearranged contracts and their crews to restore power. Even  with that dramatic level of response, there were people without power  until late this weekend, and there are still a couple thousand people  in Florida who have no power.   You can't drive a convoy of trucks into Puerto Rico. They have to  come in on a barge, and those barges take 7 days from Jacksonville and  5 days from Miami, plus whatever time it takes to travel and position  those crews to get there. You not only have to deliver the crews, you  have to deliver the supplies in order to be able to restore power.   What is the practical impact of not having power? Having no power is  not simply an inconvenience; for many people it is life and death.  Imagine an area outside of San Juan where someone is a diabetic and  depends on insulin that needs to be refrigerated. That medicine has  gone bad by now if they haven't run out. Imagine someone who needs  dialysis twice a week. It has been longer than that since they have had  it. Imagine if someone needs chemotherapy if they have cancer. That is  not going to happen this week or next unless things change.   These are real challenges, and I raise them only because this is a  disaster that will require an intensity of effort on behalf of the  Federal Government that you would not traditionally see in a storm that  impacts the mainland for the reasons I have outlined--and many more.   Now, the good news is, earlier today you saw the White House engage  even  [[Page S6124]]  more in terms of some of the things they are doing. There are more  Department of Defense assets and, as a result of some restoration at  the airport, the ability to land more planes more quickly. So, again,  more things are coming in. The port opened fairly quickly, but the  challenges remain.   Even if today we could approve $10 billion in assistance and somehow  figured out a way to deliver it to Puerto Rico in the next 24 hours,  they would still be challenged to take it from the airport to the  seaport and deliver it to the places that need it the most because  there are roads that are still not clear, because we still don't have a  full assessment of where the damage is and where the need is most and,  quite frankly, because there are probably roads and bridges in parts of  Puerto Rico that will collapse if one of these big trucks drive over  them.   I say this because there is only one entity in the world with the  capacity to respond to all these various issues; that is, the Federal  Government of the United States. Leveraging the power of the Department  of Defense and an assortment of other agencies, it remains the only  institution certainly in our country--and probably in the world--with a  capacity to respond quickly and effectively to the crisis at hand.   While response to this storm will take a significant amount of  patience, it will also take a significant amount of urgency. For each  day that goes by, this crisis will get worse, not better. I fear that  if, in fact, there is not enough urgency in the response, we will be  talking about a very different set of stories in the days to come.   I hope I am wrong, with all of my heart, but I fear that when  communication lines come back up and when we start getting more access  to some of these areas that have been cut off, we are going to start  learning that the toll and the impact of the storm is far worse than we  had imagined. I pray with all my heart that someone will watch this  video on YouTube one day and say: Oh, look, he was exaggerating. It  wasn't that bad after all. I hope that is what happens, but I fear it  will not, and every day that goes by, it will only get worse.   I don't believe it is fair to say that the response up to this point  is because some people don't care or because they haven't paid enough  attention to it. I honestly think it is just a challenge that is unique  and that requires us to respond to it in ways we wouldn't traditionally  respond, for the factors I have just pointed out.   In most places on the mainland, if not all, the States have a certain  capacity internally to address this, but Puerto Rico, for the  challenges I have just outlined--and particularly because of the storm  that just passed--has already had many of those resources depleted.   There is positive news today. The USS Comfort, a ship that is a  hospital ship, is on its way, but again it will take it a number of  days to get there. The Federal Government has agreed to a 100-percent  Federal match. It usually means the Federal Government paid a portion  of it and the States pay the rest. The Federal Government, for the next  180 days, has agreed to 100 percent payment of these services, and that  will be critical because these restoration crews are going to want to  know how their costs are going to be paid if they show up and begin to  restore power.   I just think it is imperative that we don't lose focus and don't lose  sight of what is at hand because there are over 3 million American  citizens in danger. A number of them--perhaps in the thousands--already  have existing vulnerabilities and are in severe danger of losing their  life and extraordinary human suffering.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who, throughout the  day, have expressed a tremendous amount of interest in wanting to know  how they can be helpful and what they can do. I think the most  important thing we need to do now is to continue to drive the sense of  urgency, to do all we can to bring to bear all of the resources the  Federal Government can bring to assist in this recovery. Then we will  be able to work together on not just rebuilding Puerto Rico but helping  her to rebuild so she is stronger, more prosperous, and more stable  than ever.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   