 Mr. President, relief for American families is on the way.   Last week, the Senate passed our version of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, a tax reform bill that will provide immediate, direct relief to  hard-working Americans.   Our legislation doubles the standard deduction, it doubles the child  tax credit, and it lowers rates. Under our bill, a family of four  making $73,000 a year will see a $2,200 tax cut, or a reduction in  taxes of about 60 percent over what they are paying under current law.  A single parent with one child making $41,000 will see his or her taxes  drop from around $1,865 today to just $488 under our bill, a reduction  of nearly 75 percent over what they are paying today.   That is just the beginning. The tax bill before us today is going to  provide immediate relief to hard-working families. It is going to  immediately lower their tax bills. It is going to immediately mean more  money in their pockets.   But this bill is about much more than that. This bill isn't just  about helping Americans today--although it is most certainly going to  do that--the bill is about helping Americans for the long term. It is  about giving Americans access to the kinds of wages, jobs, and  opportunities that will set them up for a secure and prosperous future.   The way we do that is by improving the playing field for American  businesses. In order for individual Americans to thrive economically,  we need American businesses to thrive. Thriving businesses create jobs,  they provide opportunities, and they increase wages and invest in their  workers.   But our current Tax Code hasn't been helping businesses thrive. For  years now, our tax laws have left businesses of all sizes struggling  under the burden of high tax rates and an outdated tax system that has  left American businesses at a disadvantage in the global economy.   Small businesses employ nearly half of American workers and create a  majority of the new jobs in this country. But right now, small  businesses face high tax rates that can make it difficult for these  businesses to even survive, much less thrive and expand their  operations. Our bill will fix this.   To start with, our bill implements a new deduction for passthrough  businesses like partnerships, LLCs, and S corporations. This deduction  will allow them to keep more of their money, which will allow them to  reinvest in their operations, increase wages, and hire new workers.   Our bill also reforms current provisions in the Tax Code that  frequently leave small businesses with very little cash on hand. Under  our legislation, small businesses will be able to recover the capital  they have invested in things like inventory and machinery much more  quickly and, in certain cases, immediately. This, in turn, will free up  capital that small businesses can use to expand and to create jobs.   Our legislation also includes provisions that I helped develop that  will simplify accounting rules for small businesses, which will also  help reduce their tax burden, leaving more of their earnings to  reinvest in their businesses and their workers.   In addition to providing relief to small businesses, another thing  our bill will do to boost Americans' wages is lower our massive  corporate tax rate. Our Nation's corporate tax rate today is the  highest in the industrialized world, which puts the United States at a  major disadvantage next to our international competitors. Reducing the  corporate tax rate will enable American businesses to compete on a more  level playing field, which will, in turn, free up money that U.S.  businesses can use to create jobs and increase wages.   The White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that reducing  the corporate tax rate to 20 percent, as our bill does, will increase  wages for U.S. households by $4,000 annually. That is money that  families can use to save for retirement, help pay for a child's  education, replace an aging vehicle, or invest in a new home.   Our bill will also boost wages and increase opportunities for  Americans by ending the outdated tax framework that is driving American  companies to keep jobs and profits overseas. Our Nation currently  operates under a so-called worldwide tax system. That means that  American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profits they make here at  home, as well as on part of the profits they make abroad once they  bring that money back to the United States. The problem with this is  that American companies are already paying taxes to foreign governments  on the money they make abroad. Then, when they bring that money home,  they could end up having to pay taxes again on part of those profits  and at the highest tax rate in the industrialized world. It is no  surprise that this  [[Page S7833]]  discourages businesses from bringing their profits back to the United  States to invest in their domestic operations and new jobs and  increased wages.   Our bill replaces our outdated worldwide tax system with a  territorial tax system. Under our legislation, American companies will  no longer face the double taxation that has encouraged them to send  their investments and their operations overseas. Instead, U.S.  companies will have a strong incentive to invest their profits at home  in American jobs and in American workers.   All in all, the Tax Foundation estimates that in addition to  increasing wages, our bill will create nearly 1 million new jobs for  American workers and boost the size of the economy by 3.7 percent.   I don't need to tell anybody that American families have had a tough  time in recent years or that our economy as a whole has stagnated, with  weak economic growth, almost nonexistent wage growth, and a lack of  opportunity that has become the norm for way too many families. But  this tax bill marks the beginning of the end of the Obama-era economy.   The tax bill we just passed will usher in a new era of dynamism in  this country. It will let Americans keep more of their earnings right  now, and it will improve Americans' economic situation for the long  term. It will send a message to the world that America is serious about  competing and succeeding and winning in the 21st century economy.   Under this bill, American companies will compete and win globally,  and American businesses, large and small, and the American people will  thrive as a result.   I look forward to going to conference with the House of  Representatives and getting a final, comprehensive tax reform bill to  the President. We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity--literally, a  once-in-a-lifetime chance--to make a real difference in the lives of  literally millions of Americans. It is time to get this bill across the  finish line. It can't happen soon enough for the American people.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   