 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1343,  the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2017. This is bipartisan  legislation that will remove outdated barriers to capital formation and  job creation imposed on the small businesses and startups that are  driving America's innovation economy.   The SEC still hasn't updated a rule from 17 years ago that imposed an  undue burden on entrepreneurs when they want to attract and retain  talent through employee compensation plans. Startup ventures, by  offering their employees a stake in the company through equity and  other forms of deferred compensation, can reward hardworking employees  by giving them direct ownership while their business continues to grow.   SEC rules governing these compensation plans haven't been updated  since 1999, and they are imposing burdensome compliance and reporting  requirements on the very entrepreneurs we should be encouraging to  expand and create more good-paying, private sector jobs. We see the  effects of this compliance tax placing a drain on our economy because  it diverts the resources and human capital of entrepreneurs away from  expansion and job creation.   In my district on Long Island and nationwide, entrepreneurs who have  the next great invention or idea are struggling to gain access to  capital. By regulating small startup ventures as if they are large,  publicly traded companies, the SEC is imposing an unnecessary mound of  paperwork on startups. A large corporation may have the lawyers and  accountants to fill out the mountain of paperwork imposed on them by  the SEC, but a small business can't compete, and that is why they need  relief.   This Congress we have an opportunity through bipartisan reforms like  this legislation to reverse that troubling trend by removing the  regulatory burdens that harm the economy, consumers, and prospects for  job growth.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from the  Committee on Financial Services, Randy Hultgren, for his leadership on  this issue.   I urge adoption of this commonsense bipartisan bill.   