 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 585  the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017. As  Chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, protecting  whistleblowers at VA is of paramount concern to ensure that we provide  high quality healthcare and benefits to our nation's veterans.   This bill authored by Senator Johnson of Wisconsin was named in honor  of Dr. Christopher Kirkpatrick, a former VA doctor who served our  veterans at the Tomah, WI medical center. Many of us know that the  Tomah VA medical center has been a facility plagued with the  overprescribing of opioids to our veterans. Dr. Kirkpatrick was a brave  patriot who blew the whistle on these over prescriptions and the harm  that was being done to veterans, however, instead of commending him for  coming forward, VA fired him on trumped up charges, which ultimately  led to him taking his own life.   In my opinion, the corrosive culture within this facility and VA's  actions toward Dr. Kirkpatrick left a chilling effect not only in  Tomah, but across the Department. I believe that these actions made  whistleblowers feel questioned and worried that they would be punished  instead of being lauded and encouraged to come forward.  [[Page H8003]]    It is because of brave whistleblowers like Dr. Kirkpatrick that my  Committee has been able to expose issues and scandals across the VA. It  is because of whistleblowers that we were able to uncover the  manipulation of wait times at the Phoenix Medical Center; the  falsifying of records in the Philadelphia Regional Office; the fact  that a VA employee participated in an armed robbery in Puerto Rico and  stayed on the job following their arrest; and many more egregious  behaviors at the Department that put veterans in harm's way.   I have confidence that Secretary Shulkin is committed to protecting  whistleblowers, so that we never again lose another talented doctor,  like Dr. Kirkpatrick. The best way to help him in this mission is to  send a clear message to all VA employees, at every level in the  Department, and within every level of management, that there are stiff  penalties for those who retaliate against the men and women who are  brave enough to come forward and protect veterans.   S. 585 builds off of our work this Congress that started with the  passage of the bill I championed, the VA Accountability and  Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017, which provides the Secretary of  Veterans Affairs the tools he needs to hold poor employees accountable.  I am pleased that the bill before us today would make needed changes to  our outdated civil service laws for all Federal Government employees,  which have become so archaic and complex that they tend to put the  rights of retaliators above the rights of whistleblowers.   The bill before us would also provide needed reforms to information  regarding VA employees who die by suicide, additional penalties for  accessing a veteran's medical record, and other needed provisions to  ensure that we put the needs of whistleblowers and veterans first.   I appreciate Senator Johnson and Representative Duffy for their work  on this important bill and I encourage all of my colleagues to support  its passage.   