 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2105, the  National Institute of Standards and Technology Small Business  Cybersecurity Act. This bill directs the National Institute of  Standards and Technology to issue guidance for small businesses to use  voluntarily to assist them in identifying and assessing, managing, and  reducing the cybersecurity risk.   As has been said, small businesses in the U.S. account for 54 percent  of sales and 55 percent of U.S. jobs. However, a 2016 Symantec Internet  Security Threat Report indicated that businesses with less than 250  employees are facing increased cybersecurity threats, up from 18  percent in 2011 to 43 percent in 2015.   Mr. Speaker, I recently passed our real estate small business to my  son Warren, so I understand the importance of equipping small  businesses with the tools that will enable them to meet the emerging  challenges.   I urge passage of H.R. 2105, which will help prepare small businesses  in the future, and I urge my colleagues to pass it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Republican Study  Committee's three promises in 3 months' pledge to repeal ObamaCare,  secure the border, and enable comprehensive tax reform.   I applaud RSC's Chairman Mike Walker for his leadership on this and  on this initiative. On the promises to repeal and secure, the House has  begun to deliver by passing the American Health Care Act and providing  $1.6 billion in border wall funding.   Tonight, I want to focus on the third promise: passing comprehensive  tax reform. Our Nation's Tax Code affects every family, business, and  worker and is a key driver behind America's economic competitiveness.  Congress has not passed comprehensive tax reform since 1986. That is 31  years.   The average cost of a new house then in the United States was  $89,430. For a new Ford F-150 pickup truck, the average price was  $8,350. Mr. Speaker, it has been way too long before we have taken  comprehensive tax reform into consideration.   Since then, the number of pages in the IRS code has increased by  nearly 50,000 pages. The corporate tax rate is at 35 percent, which is  the highest in the industrialized world. Ireland's, to give you an  example, is 12 percent. This is inexcusable.   Congress took an important step forward last week through passing a  budget resolution, and now it is time for the Senate to do their job on  the budget so that we can deliver comprehensive tax reform for the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, our tax reform plan is both profamily, and proworker.  The typical American family will receive a $4,000 pay raise under our  plan and will turbocharge the economy through enabling gross domestic  product growth to reach 3.2 percent minimum for the next 5 years.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with the House leadership,  Chairman Brady, and all of the congressional Members to pass this fair  and simple tax reform package to make this country as great as it can  be.   