 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment seeks to strengthen the  underlying bill in two ways. First, my amendment requires agencies to  proactively consider whether their actions are duplicative or  conflicting. As Iowans and all Americans know too well, the maze of the  Federal bureaucracy can too often be confusing and contradicting.   This long overdue provision holds the agency proposing the regulation  accountable to prevent the growing red tape strangling our economy and  jobs engine.   The Federal regulatory environment over the past few decades has  allowed agencies to operate unchecked, leading to overlapping and  conflicting rules which come at a riveting cost to the economy, the  taxpayer, and to jobs.   So by requiring agencies to proactively consider duplication as part  of their regulatory plans, credibility rears itself. We don't need  duplicity. We don't need to waste resources and time in the Federal  Government.   Secondly, my amendment works to increase regulatory transparency by  improving the public's access to information. By requiring each agency  to maintain a list of every active regulatory action submitted to the  Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs on its website, we can  shine the light on agencies' rules and regulations, which, as we know,  have the full effect of law. This would include a list of all active  regulatory actions, the agency's most recent regulatory plan, and a  link to all records submitted to the Office of Information and  Regulatory Affairs for review.   In closing, many of our constituents may be unfamiliar with the  Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and its role and may not  know where to find important information on regulatory actions. So  simply creating a link on an agency website or websites to the records  of OIRA, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, making this  available online is a simple change and low burden for a considerable  benefit. It is all about transparency. It is all about the taxpayers'  access to information.   I appreciate the leadership of the chairman and the author of this  bill, and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and the  underlying bill.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the spirit of this  debate with my colleague across the aisle. This adds extra bite to what  may already be in place, oversight and accountability, and Congress has  a role in this.   So while I appreciate the spirit of what my colleague said, and what  has been done in the past, we want to give it extra teeth. Also,  transparency and access to taxpayer information is so crucial. So I  urge the adoption of this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   