 Mr. President, last week, people across this country  celebrated National Wildlife Refuge Week--and rightfully so. National  Wildlife Refuges are one of the crown jewels of our Federal public  lands network. These refuges provide essential habitat for some of our  most imperiled species, including many impacted by climate change.  Millions of refuge visitors also fuel local and regional economies by  generating billions of dollars in sales.   This week, the Senate is considering a budget resolution that would  open one of our refuges, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, to oil  and gas drilling. Despite tremendous public support for our refuge  system and the economic benefits that the refuges bring to our local  economies, efforts to develop these special wild areas are ongoing and  have been championed by the current administration. The budget  resolution is another such effort to promote development in a refuge,  an effort that should be rejected. In some cases, refuges are  compatible with development and increased human activity. In others,  development decisions, such as the siting of oil and gas drilling,  could negatively impact the future of both human and animal  inhabitants.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, one of the largest remaining  intact ecosystems in the world, is an example of the latter. The Refuge  has been home to the Gwich'in people for more than 20,000 years. These  Native people subsist primarily on caribou. Research shows that oil and  gas development in the Refuge, even with a small footprint, could  significantly alter Porcupine Caribou migration patterns and calving  behavior. These changes would threaten the Gwich'in people's way of  life. The U.S. 30-year-old treaty with Canada to conserve the Porcupine  Caribou Herd could also be at risk.   According to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Arctic Refuge is  the only national conservation area where polar bears regularly den. It  is the most consistently used polar bear land denning area in Alaska.  These iconic bears are increasingly vulnerable due to climate change,  so the undisturbed Refuge land denning area is especially critical for  their survival. The Refuge also hosts nearly 200 species of migratory  birds, musk oxen, and wolves.   As the Senate contemplates the future of this spectacular natural  area, I want to remind my colleagues that this body has said no to  opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge dozens of times. With oil  prices significantly lower than they were earlier this decade and oil  supplies at historic highs, it is hard to understand why we would  change course now. The risks far outweigh any benefits, and the  American public has consistently opposed drilling in the Arctic Refuge.   I also want to express my strong concerns with possible pending  administrative action in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge,  another national treasure. This Refuge is located on the U.S.-Mexico  border, along the southernmost stretch of the Rio Grande River at the  confluence of the Central and Mississippi flyways. It is home to more  than 400 bird species, more than 300 species of butterflies, and more  than 450 varieties of plants.   The Santa Ana Refuge supports rare wildlife species, some found only  deep in south Texas. The Refuge also provides habitat for at least  eight species protected under the Endangered Species Act, including the  ocelot. There are less than 50 ocelots left in the United States, so  this Refuge is essential to the species' recovery.   The Santa Ana Refuge is also a popular destination for birders and  hosts more than 165,000 visitors each year. The booming ecotourism  industry in the area is critical for local economies, which is another  key reason why we need to ensure this Refuge and its inhabitants can  thrive.   U.S Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers  planning actions earlier this year suggest that the Trump  administration may shift existing Federal Homeland Security funds to  construct a segment of-border wall through the Santa Ana Refuge.   As I have said before, we already have 650 miles of fencing along our  southern border with Mexico in the areas where it is most effective. I  am not unequivocally opposed to physical barriers where they are needed  and where they can be shown to be the most effective method of border  security, but the Santa Ana Refuge is not a known problem area for  border crossing. Furthermore, a wall through the Refuge would  permanently damage critical habitat, block wildlife migration routes,  and would likely trap wildlife during floods.   Again, a wall through the refuge would not yield intended outcomes  and would harm both wildlife and communities. I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to question and oppose construction of this  wall segment.   From Alaska to Texas to Delaware, our National Wildlife Refuge System  is well worth protecting and preserving for future generations. I look  forward to continued work with my colleagues and constituents to this  end.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the amendment  offered by the Senator from Utah.   Why is this an important amendment vote? Just listen to this. More  than 1,000 listed species, 77 percent of all listed species, including  the polar bear, the Florida panther are found in one State--one State.  Seventy-seven percent of all listed species, including the polar bear,  the Florida panther, and many more are found only in one State, and for  an island State like Hawaii, all of its species would lose protection.   I urge you to join me in opposing this amendment.   