 Mr. President, sometimes bipartisanship and comity do  work. They have in the last 24 and 48 hours on two measures that are  critically important to help our Nation's veterans have access to  benefits and healthcare that they vitally need, that they deserve, and  that they have earned. Those measures relate to appeals reform and to  the Choice Program.   Last night the Senate passed by unanimous consent--which means  without any objection--H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and  Modernization Act of 2017.   I am proud to have worked on this measure with the chairman of the VA  Committee, Senator Isakson, when I was the ranking member of that  committee during the last session. I thank him for his leadership, his  vision, and his commitment to this very important cause.   This bipartisan measure now goes to the President. It provides a  significant step toward securing benefits veterans have earned. Once  these reforms are fully funded--and they should be--our Nation's  veterans will no longer be bogged down by a cumbersome, time-consuming,  irksome, and, in fact, aggravating process that denies them fair and  full consideration when they appeal their claim's denial. This reform  will begin--it is only a beginning--a better system involving  transparency and communication for veterans and their families.   As ranking member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I heard  testimony that the Department of Veterans Affairs' appeals process  desperately needs updating and reform. We all in this body have heard  from our constituents again and again and again about the antiquated  delay and burdensome process that exists today. The average wait time  on an appeal today is 5 years. Let me repeat that. The average wait  time on an appeal is 5 years. Nearly half a million veterans are caught  in a quagmire--often a quicksand--of repeated consideration, unable to  claim benefits because of the VA's existing backlog.    Between fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2017, the number of pending  appeals increased from about 380,000 to 470,000. That is an increase of  more than 20 percent. The increase in those appeals was the ``bad  news'' side of improvements in the process to consider the initial  appeal. There were more appeals because more claims were disposed of,  but that is no excuse for that kind of delay in appeals.   We worked with the VA and veterans groups to devise a new appeals  system that allows veterans to choose an option that is right for them.  The bill that passed yesterday will create three separate paths. They  can choose among them for veterans seeking redress from a decision by  the Veterans Benefits Administration. This reform is vitally important  because it gives Secretary Shulkin the authority to test the new system  before its full implementation.   I know it will take time to implement these changes. It should take  less time than is predicted because the Veterans Administration owes it  to our heroes--the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our  Nation. My constituent caseworkers in Hartford have tried to assist  many individual veterans with their claims, and these efforts must  continue around the country in all of our offices even as these new  reforms are implemented.   The second area where we joined together in a bipartisan way relates  to the Choice Program. We have agreed to continue funding by providing  $2.1 billion and authorizing 28 new leases for medical facilities  across the country to improve access to the high-quality care provided  at VA hospitals. Make no mistake, this action is a down payment, not  the final word. I am going to continue to champion further reforms to  [[Page S4714]]  make sure we improve VA healthcare and enhance access to VA medical  facilities.   I am particularly concerned by recent findings made by the VA  inspector general, Michael Missal, about a troubling lack of health  information sharing between VA and non-VA providers relating to chronic  pain treatment. To put it very simply and bluntly, the lack of  information sharing makes opioid addiction far more likely than it  should be, especially among veterans who seek care from private  providers through the Choice system.   Connecticut was one of the first States in the country to have a  statewide prescription drug monitoring program. I urged Secretary  Shulkin at a hearing last year to make sure the VA prescription drug  monitoring program exchanges information with the State system, which  has data from private providers. The sharing of information is vital to  prevent doctor shopping and excessive prescriptions. Without it,  veterans potentially are susceptible to weaknesses and gaps that enable  them to seek excessive prescriptions of opioid pain killer treatment  that can lead to addiction and worse.   We cannot allow the Veterans Choice Program to exacerbate opioid  addiction. We must do everything we can to stop the opioid epidemic  that is ravaging our communities. As Senator Manchin of West Virginia  and other colleagues have made clear, the VA must close the information  gap on opioid prescriptions through improved opioid safety initiative  guidelines and enhanced prescription drug monitoring programs. While we  work in Congress to reform the Choice Program, I call on the VA to  immediately take certain commonsense steps, none of them novel or  original. They have been identified by the inspector general:   First, require all participating VA Purchased Care providers to  receive and review evidence-based guidelines for prescribing opioids.   Second, implement a process to ensure all Purchased Care consults for  non-VA care include a complete, up-to-date list of medications and  medical history.   Third, require non-VA providers to submit opioid prescriptions  directly to a VA pharmacy for dispensing and recording in the patient's  VA electronic health record.   Fourth, ensure that if facility leaders determine that a non-VA  provider's opioid prescribing practices conflict with the guidelines,  immediate action is taken to ensure the safety of all veterans  receiving care from that non-VA provider.   These are basic protections for our veterans. They are protections  against overprescribing opioids or negligent misconduct--and worse--on  the part of non-VA providers and others.   My hope is that we are beginning on a path to better information  sharing between those prescription drug monitoring programs at the  State level for non-VA providers and the VA facilities and providers  who care for our veterans directly. That information sharing is not a  luxury or convenience; it is a necessity.   We must help veterans of every era with their need for prompt appeals  dispositions and effective healthcare that also protects them from  opioid addiction. I am hopeful the Senate will quickly pass the Harry  Walker Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act, which has been  unanimously approved by the House, to make comprehensive improvements  to the GI bill. I helped to draft this measure and lead it, and I am  proud the House has approved it.   We must also help veterans of all eras suffering from toxic exposure  and make sure we award a Congressional Gold Medal to the American  Legion and make USERRA protections for our servicemembers meaningful  and enforceable. These steps are part of an unfinished agenda that we  owe our veterans. We cannot shirk that duty. We cannot postpone it. It  is an obligation, not a convenience.   I look forward to moving forward with these efforts, as we have done  with Choice and with the appeals reform, and to learning what we know  already--that we can work together across the aisle when it comes to  keeping faith with our veterans and making sure that no veteran of any  era is left behind.   I yield the floor.   