 Mr. President, after two long one-on-one meetings with Mr.  Rex Tillerson, after a thorough confirmation hearing in the Foreign  Relations Committee that stretched over some 9 hours, and after  extensive additional research and reading and digging into his record,  his public statements, and his views, I announced last week that I  would oppose the nomination of Rex Tillerson to be Secretary of State  of the United States.   I will say that over our meetings, our conversations, and my review  of his record, I have come to respect Mr. Tillerson as a thoughtful and  seasoned and capable professional in his line of work, with impressive  international business experience. And I will say that his quick action  to sever financial ties with ExxonMobil is a strong example that I wish  President Trump had followed with regard to his own private business  interests.   I found encouraging some of Mr. Tillerson's statements in the  confirmation hearing and his public stances, including his commitment  to NATO, his respect for U.S. leadership in multilateral initiatives,  from the Paris climate change agreement to the Iran deal, and his  support for development programs throughout the world but especially in  Africa, a continent where I have been engaged in my 6 years on the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee.   His nomination has the support of highly respected former officials,  from Brent Scowcroft and Bob Gates to James Baker and Condoleezza Rice,  former Secretaries and National Security Advisors.   But Mr. Tillerson and I disagree strongly on key issues. I believe,  for example, that climate change is a pressing national security threat  that must be addressed. Mr. Tillerson saw it somewhat differently. I  believe in advocating for human rights, for a free press, and for  democracy around the world because these principles advance our  security and our economic interests here at home. I don't believe that  human rights, press freedom, and democracy are add-ons, are things that  we can address and deal with after national security is addressed.  These are core to who we are as a nation and to the advocacy and  engagement that I hope for and expect from our State Department and our  next Secretary of State.   These are just a few of the reasons why I ultimately decided to  oppose Mr. Tillerson's confirmation, but that is not why I have come to  the floor today. I am here today principally because the challenge we  face is not whether a single nominee is the perfect person for this  particular role; the challenge we and the American people now face is  to determine the future we seek for our country and the world stage and  whether we will choose to continue to lead the free world.   Do we envision the United States leading by example through actions  that show we will stand by our values, especially when it is  challenging or difficult? Do we envision the United States leading a  coalition of democratic allies and Muslim partners around the world in  the global fight on terrorism, defending each other and promoting  values of human rights, the rule of law, and democracy? Or do we accept  a dark and dystopian vision that sees the world in strict zero-sum  terms whereby any win for our allies or partners is automatically a  loss for America; a vision in which we could abandon our values for  political gain; a vision that distances us from the world both by a  literal wall and a growing gulf in priorities?   For decades, Republicans and Democrats have agreed on foundational  principles of U.S. leadership in the world. We engage with the world.  We consistently and reliably support our allies. We lead by example,  especially on our core values. We fight for the rule of law, for human  rights, and for democratic institutions because doing so makes us safer  and more secure.   Consider our alliances. The Heritage Foundation accurately pointed  out that supporting our allies overseas and in particular our treasured  and enduring alliance with our NATO partners in Western Europe isn't  charity but, rather, a proven method for keeping the United States safe  and secure. As Heritage puts it, alliances prevent wars by driving up  the cost of aggression. Alliances deter our rivals and adversaries.  Alliances promote stability, help us project power, and enhance our  legitimacy.    Why does this matter? Why is this a current matter of debate? Why is  this a pressing concern in the context of this nomination and in the  work of this body? Take, for example, Russia under Vladimir Putin. It  is the unanimous view of all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia  conducted and organized an intentional campaign of interfering in our  2016 Presidential election and that Russia conducted a cyber attack,  authorized at the highest level, with the intention to influence the  outcome of our election.   I cannot imagine a more direct frontal assault on who we are as a  nation than to seek to influence our democratic election. But on top of  that unprecedented attack on who we are as a nation, Vladimir Putin's  Russia illegally annexed the Crimean Peninsula and continues to support  the murderous Assad regime in Syria. Today, Russia is preparing--even  threatening--to intervene in upcoming elections across Central and  Western Europe, including elections in our longtime close allies,  France and Germany. It has been amassing troops on the borders of our  NATO partners, such as Estonia and the other Baltic States, and  conducting snap exercises up and down the border with NATO. It is  precisely because of these acts of aggression that the NATO alliance is  more relevant and more important than ever.   These aren't groundbreaking or controversial conclusions that I am  reaching today. Yet President Trump's rhetoric as a candidate, his  early actions as President, his compliments to Vladimir Putin, his  claims that NATO is obsolete, and his intimation that he may not honor  our article 5 mutual defense commitment to our NATO allies all call  into question the President's understanding of the role that our  alliances play. It also calls into question whether his administration  understands the consequences of weakening or abandoning these alliance.   More than perhaps any nation on Earth, the United States has deeply  benefited from the stable world order that we helped shape following  the Second World War. After Americans went throughout the world to  fight the forces of fascism and imperialism in the Pacific and the  European theater in the Second World War, we sat astride the world as  the most powerful country on Earth, with weapons possessed by no other,  with the greatest manufacturing and military might on the planet, and  we set about establishing an inclusive, rules-based, democratically  oriented world order, from which we have benefited more than any other  nation. NATO has become a key part of the alliances that we have relied  on for that peace and stability in the seven decades since.   Let's not forget that the only time NATO invoked its mutual defense  provision article 5 clause was when our allies came to our defense  after 9/11. So to suggest that NATO is obsolete or outdated because it  wasn't developed in a time where terrorism was a central threat gives a  lie to the reality that our NATO allies have stood shoulder to shoulder  with us and have fought alongside American service men and women in  Iraq and Afghanistan. Nearly 1,000 have given their lives, and our NATO  allies have poured their blood and treasure into our defense and into  our joint conduct against our enemies in Afghanistan and Iraq.   Interpreters from Iraq and Afghanistan have kept our troops safe, and  yet today those espousing ``America First'' would break our promises to  these vital partners. I have to ask: To what end? When we turn our  backs on our allies and friends, there are consequences. They may be  prompted to seek to help themselves in new or unexpected or dangerous  ways, such as developing their own nuclear capability or seeking  armaments from Russia rather than working in partnership with us for  their own security. They may seek to find new allies who do not,  [[Page S524]]  in fact, share our values. In all these cases, ``America First'' may  gradually, tragically, become instead ``America Alone.'' That leaves us  less safe and closes off economic opportunities around the world. So in  seeking out a strategy that is purported to make us safer and stronger,  President Trump may, in fact, accomplish neither.   A policy of ``America First'' doesn't just mean turning our backs on  our allies and partners. It may also mean turning our backs on some of  the world's most vulnerable people, with real consequences here at  home. The Executive order signed by President Trump just on Friday,  banning all refugees from the United States for 120 days, banning  refugees for 90 days from seven countries and indefinitely from Syria,  caused chaos and confusion at our airports and instilled concern--even  fear--in American families across our country.   I have a key question today, introduced earlier by Senator Cardin,  the ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, but not yet  answered: Where does Rex Tillerson stand on this Executive order? How  does he see it in our place in the world? How does he understand the  centrality of the example that we show to the world in how we embrace  human rights?   Sadly, I think this Executive order has validated the claims of  jihadist groups like ISIS that recruit young men on the false claim  that the West is at war with Islam, which is why these very terrorist  groups are today cheering this Executive order. I think it has made us  less safe by alienating Muslims in the United States and around the  world. Why would we want to alienate the very Iraqis with whom we are  training, serving, and fighting in the war against ISIS when they are a  critical part of the ground forces that we are counting on to liberate  Mosul from the tyranny of ISIS?   Most significantly, this Executive order may violate our Constitution  and values by banning people based not on security concerns but on the  basis of their religion, and by turning our backs on a decades-long  commitment to welcome those fleeing credible fears of persecution,  fleeing violence and chaos in their home countries. These may be the  consequences of ``America First.''   It is well known but bears repeating that in 1939, a ship called the  St. Louis approached American shores bearing nearly 1,000 mostly Jewish  refugees fleeing the horrors of the Nazi regime and the impending  Holocaust. In one of our Nation's most shameful chapters, the United  States turned away these refugees seeking our shores. One passenger on  board the St. Louis received a telegram from the U.S. Government  instructing him that passengers must ``await their turns on the waiting  list and qualify for and obtain immigration visas before they may be  admissible.'' Most of these refugees were forced to return to Europe,  where they were murdered by the Nazis.   This tragic episode from 1939, born of isolationism and, tragically,  anti-Semitism and a mistaken sense that we could isolate ourselves from  the challenges and the violence of the world was also part of a period  when a group whose name was the America First Committee mobilized to  try to prevent our entry into the Second World War.   I will say that these are the consequences of ``America First.'' The  United States ultimately is less safe. Our allies may be made to feel  uncertain or even betrayed. Americans will find themselves more  fearful, and, our values, with which we have sought to lead the world,  are cast aside.   That is why I believe this debate today is about far more than a  single nominee for an important post in our State Department. American  leadership on the world stage is not as simple as ``America First,''  and the consequences of truly embracing the dystopian vision of  ``America First,'' I think, will be tragic.   If Mr. Tillerson is confirmed, it is my sincere and earnest hope that  he will challenge President Trump to rethink the dark and dystopian  view of the world that he laid out in his inaugural address, and that  he will instead bend his skills, character, and qualities to the hard  work of realigning our role in the world to the course that Republicans  and Democrats together have steered from this floor and from this body  for seven decades.   As the world saw last weekend, the new Trump administration  desperately needs someone in the room to speak truth to power and to  temper its worst impulses.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   