 Mr. Speaker, I think the real question for the majority  is: What do you have against Secretary-elect Ryan Zinke? He is being  given a brand-new rule and the keys to the castle. He has a clean slate  to develop the playbook for a hugely impactful planning process and  free rein to make it what he wants.   Yet, one of the first moves the majority is making, before Mr. Zinke  has even been confirmed, is to undo Planning 2.0 and leave the agency  with a planning process that was written before my staff was born. In  other words, the majority is tying Mr. Zinke's hands.   Quite simply, the majority is laboring under the false impression  that Planning 2.0 makes the BLM's planning process worse when, in fact,  it makes it better. Under the current regulatory framework for resource  management plans, it takes BLM an average of 8 years to update and  revise a plan, and this matters because, by the time the plan is  completed, it is almost already out of date. Significant public  involvement doesn't happen until the end of the process. There is often  litigation which stalls the process even more. This is a huge waste of  government resources and taxpayer money.   Mr. Speaker, as Ranking Member Grijalva said earlier, the use of the  Congressional Review Act to revoke BLM Planning 2.0, or any other  Federal regulation, is a radical step. That is the reason why the  Congressional Review Act has only been used once before this year.   Once Congress approves the Congressional Review Act resolution, the  agency can never issue a similar rule. So this is an extreme overreach  in general, but especially for something like BLM's Planning 2.0, which  is designed to enhance efficiency and make BLM more responsive to  public input.   Isn't our goal to improve how government works and make it more  efficient? This resolution will permanently lock us into an old rule  that didn't work for anybody.    I know House Republicans and President Trump are eager to roll back  regulations, but we should pump the brakes on this particular  resolution. A lot has changed since 1983.   