 Mr. President, first of all, I want to acknowledge the  great intellect that the Senator from Louisiana brings to the debate,  the experience he has in the health care field, how much I personally  have learned from him on the committee in the work we do, and I thank  him for the contribution he makes to the Senate.   I rise to talk a little bit about how we got to where we are today,  what we are about to do, and where we need to end up. It will be short,  and it will be sweet, but it will be to the point.   I was here in 2009 when we passed ObamaCare. In fact, as the  Presiding Officer will remember, it was at 9 o'clock in the morning on  Christmas Eve in 2009. I opposed it at that time for a particular  reason. The reason was that I saw it driving us toward a single-payer  health care system, which I personally opposed. But the votes were  there. It passed, and it passed on the promise that if you liked your  doctor, you could keep him; if you liked your insurance, you could keep  it. And because everybody is going to be insured, rates will go down  and everything is going to be wonderful.    What has happened over the last 8 years has been pretty incredible.  Rates have gone up tremendously. People have not been able to keep  their insurance. We find ourselves on the cusp of being forced to a  government single-payer health care system because the private markets  are collapsing.   In my State of Georgia, where we have 159 counties, up until this  year every county had at least two or more providers providing health  insurance. Today in 2017, 96 of our 159 counties have one carrier. Next  year half of them will be down to no carrier, and we will be forced  into a system that we don't know what it will look like. Prices have  gone up not just by a little bit, but they have gone up by an awful  lot. The end-user market in Georgia is approaching the breaking point.   I will give you a couple of examples. Two parents in Georgia picked  the least expensive plan available this year to their family of four.  It comes out to be a $6,500 deductible and $2,400 a month for premium-- unsustainable.  [[Page S240]]    A couple in their sixties had a similar plan but were just outside  the subsidy limit of $96,000 for their family. So they are paying over  50 percent of their income for health insurance.   Hard-working families deserve better. Although President Obama  promised this law would reduce premiums and make health care more  available, it has done the opposite. ObamaCare is unsustainable. Now,  that is the practical answer, and that is exactly what got us to where  we are today.   We are in the process of attempting to get the budget reconciliation  act before us so that we can repeal ObamaCare, but we must also talk  about what we replace it with because repealing it without a  replacement is not an acceptable solution. It is not a solution. It is  a conundrum.   We must prioritize returning the oversight of individual markets to  the States and provide them with the flexibility to design their  Medicaid programs in ways that enable them to cover most people and  tailor benefits to meet the needs of the unique populations in their  States.   We have proven in the past that regulation by the State insurance  commissioners work. We need to return association health plans to be  competitive in the United States. We need to allow the sale of  interstate insurance across State lines and stop the prohibition  against that. We need to open the opportunity for entrepreneurship in  the private sector to fill the void that is being filled by the vacuum  that has been created by the mandates of ObamaCare.   We need to also preserve those things in ObamaCare that made sense-- preexisting condition, absolutely; insurance coverage up to the age of  26 while staying at home with a parent, absolutely. Those things can be  done, and we ought to do them because they were the right thing to do  when we did them, and they are the right thing to preserve now. But it  is absolutely essential that we see to it that we return insurance to  the private sector and regulation to the States. If we fail to do so,  we will have higher premiums or no premiums at all and no plans at all.   So as we talk about repealing, we must also end up landing on a  replacement. It is unsustainable and impractical, and it is wrong for  us to say we are going to repeal ObamaCare without replacing it with a  plan that we know works and has the opportunity. Let's address that  which caused ObamaCare to happen. Let's fix the breaks that have taken  place. Let's bring back competition, State regulation and authority,  and let's see to it that health care in America is accessible and is  affordable. It is important for us to do it. It is essential for us to  do it, and I plan to commit myself to seeing to it to do my part to  repeal ObamaCare. We replace it with a sustainable program, we return  the program to the States, wherever possible, and we see to it that  Americans have health insurance coverage at a competitive and fair  price.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.   