 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I listened to the majority leader this  morning saying that ObamaCare was collapsing and Republicans are on a  rescue mission. Honestly, the gall it must take to say, after  Republicans and President Trump have spent all year sabotaging the  marketplace, that ObamaCare is collapsing. They have threatened to stop  critical cost-sharing payments that help keep deductibles and premiums  down, hurting millions of people and sowing uncertainty in the market.   There is an easy way to fix it. Instead of crying crocodile tears,  Republicans should guarantee that the cost-sharing payments will be  made. That is not just Democrats saying it. That is the insurers.  Listen to the insurers. What do they want? They want to keep premiums  down and prevent them from leaving the exchanges. They want cost- sharing, which our Republican colleagues refuse to do, and, then, in a  cynical ploy, they try to blame ObamaCare.   Listen to AHIP, the Nation's largest trade group of insurers. It is  nonpartisan. It is a business group. Listen to what they said about the  uncertainty about cost-sharing payments. They said it was ``the single  most destabilizing factor in the individual market.'' A series of  insurance companies, including Blue Cross Blue Shield and Anthem, have  said explicitly that uncertainty caused by President Trump and  Republicans about cost-sharing is causing them to pull out of certain  markets.   So this idea, this cynical ploy--after sabotaging the bill and then  blaming someone else other than themselves--is pitiful.   The House bill, of course, was so bad--TrumpCare was so bad--that our  Republican friends are trying to switch the blame to ObamaCare. It is  not true, and it will not work.   Now, last night, Democrats held the floor well into the night to  discuss the Republican plan to pass a healthcare bill in just 2 weeks  that no one in America has seen, without holding a single committee  hearing or a robust debate on the floor. They want to bring the bill to  the floor and rush it in the dark of night for a simple reason: They  are ashamed of their bill. They don't want anybody to see it, least of  all the public.   Last evening, I asked the majority leader if the minority would have  more than 10 hours to debate and amend the final bill. He replied that  ``there will be ample opportunity to debate and amend the bill.'' So I  asked again: Will we get more than 10 hours? Ten hours is the maximum  the rules allow us under reconciliation. He could only reply that  ``There will be ample time.''   I have a feeling the majority leader and I disagree on the definition  of ``ample,'' because 10 hours of debate time--a total of 10 hours of  debate time on an issue this important--is a sham. It is a farce. We  would have to read the bill, prepare amendments, and consider its  consequences, all in 10 hours.   This is a bill that affects one-sixth of our economy, millions of  Americans. For them, it is life and death, and we are supposed to rush  it through.   The Affordable Care Act, for the sake of comparison, was debated for  25 consecutive days of Senate session and 169 cumulative hours of  debate time, and that was after a robust hearing and committee process.  Yesterday, the majority leader basically confirmed that we Democrats  might only have 10 hours total--no committee hearings, no committee  markups, no airing the bill--10 hours of debate. Can my colleagues  believe it? This is supposed to be a democracy where we debate the  greatest issues of our time.   I asked another question of the majority leader, and I ask him now  and I hope he will answer: Will our 10 hours of debate time be on the  House bill or will it be on the new Senate bill that he is crafting  behind closed doors? Will he let us debate the full 10 hours on the new  Senate bill--hardly enough--or is he even being more cynical and doing  [[Page S3619]]  the 10 hours of debate on the existing House bill and then putting a  substitute in--the Senate bill they have written behind closed doors-- and have no debate on that? With everything terrible that is happening,  that could make it even worse. So I am asking the majority leader to  publicly state what his plan is in that regard.   I have never heard of a more radical or a more reckless process in my  entire career in politics--10 hours of total debate on a bill that  would affect one-sixth of the American economy and millions of  Americans. If the Senate bill, like the House bill, results in 23  million fewer Americans with insurance--23 million Americans losing  their insurance--each hour of debate time would represent 2.3 million  Americans losing their insurance. Each minute of debate time would  represent 40,000 Americans losing their insurance. One minute, and  40,000 people's lives are changed; 40,000 people don't have the  coverage they need.   It boggles the mind that the Republican leader is moving forward this  way without letting anyone but Members of the Republican Senate caucus  see the bill, and even many of them have said they haven't seen it.  There is only one possible reason why my friends on the other side are  going along with this process--only one reason: They are ashamed of the  bill they are writing.   If they were proud of the bill, they would announce it. They would  have brass bands going down Main Street America, saying: Look at our  great bill. They can't even whisper what it is about, they are so, so  ashamed of it. That is why they are hiding it. They must be ashamed  that, just like the House bill, the Senate TrumpCare bill will put  healthcare out of the reach of millions of Americans just to put  another tax break into the pockets of the very wealthy.   President Trump likes to end many of his tweets with one word, almost  like punctuation: ``Sad,'' ``unfair,'' ``wrong.'' It turns out the  President has one word to sum up his healthcare plan as well: ``Mean.''   Last week, at a White House lunch with Republican Senators, the  President reportedly told them he thought the House-passed healthcare  bill was mean. That is what Donald Trump said on June 13, 2017.   For once, on the topic of healthcare, I find myself agreeing with the  President. His healthcare bill is mean. Cutting Medicaid to the bone is  mean. Cutting treatment for opioid abuse is mean. Cutting support for  families with someone in a nursing home is mean. Allowing insurers to  once again discriminate against Americans with preexisting conditions  is mean. Charging older Americans five times or more for their health  insurance is mean.   Passing a law which would cause millions of Americans to lose their  health insurance in order to give a tax break to the wealthiest among  us is pretty much the textbook definition of a mean bill--a mean bill-- and even the President thinks so, but just like the Republicans in the  Senate, President Trump doesn't want the American people to know what  he really thinks of their healthcare plan. That is why he said it was  mean behind closed doors at the White House, while in public a few  weeks earlier he said it is a ``great plan,'' ``very, very incredibly  well-crafted.'' Those are his words, the same bill--the same bill--out  to the public: Great bill, great plan; while behind closed doors, what  it really is: mean.   All the plaudits the President gave the House bill turned out to be  flimsy salesmanship. Speaking candidly to fellow Republicans, the  President didn't say: Take up and pass the House bill. He didn't say it  was a great plan or that it was very, very incredibly well-crafted. He  said it was mean. My Republican friends ought to take this to heart.  Even President Trump thinks what Republicans are doing on healthcare is  a cruelty to the American people.   As we on this side of the aisle have said before, there is a better  way. Republicans shouldn't feel like this mean bill cooked up in secret  is their only option. I have invited my Republican friends to meet in  the Old Senate Chamber to discuss a bipartisan way forward on  healthcare. The Republican leader seems to have foreclosed that option,  but the invitation remains and the sentiment remains.   Democrats are willing to work with our Republican friends on  improving our healthcare system. We have significant disagreements,  sure, but Republicans haven't even tried to sit down with us to hash  them out. We would like to try, but if Republicans continue down this  path, ignoring the principles of transparency and the open debate that  defined this legislative body, we Democrats will continue to do  everything we can to shine light on what our Republican friends are  doing.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Johnson). The Senator from Idaho.   