 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stand here today to speak about the  devastation befalling Venezuela--the people raging in the streets  against unfair elections, the dissidents being seized from their homes  and detained by security forces, and those starving without food and  water.   Venezuela--once one of the most richly resourced countries in Latin  America--is being dismantled by Nicolas Madura and his flailing  Chavista regime. It is a human tragedy impacting more than 30 million  people who are literally witnessing society collapse around them.   The numbers, sadly, speak for themselves. According to estimates from  the International Monetary Fund, Venezuela's GDP contracted by almost  20 percent last year, with inflation reaching some 550 percent and  unemployment spiking to more than 21 percent. The Pharmaceutical  Federation of Venezuela estimates that the country suffers from an 85- percent shortage of medicine and a 90-percent deficit of medical  supplies, including those needed to treat various types of cancer.   Men and women, young and old, are going hungry. Thanks to Maduro's  destruction of the Venezuelan currency, flour, cooking oil, and other  basic commodities have disappeared from store shelves. Students and  teachers leave their classrooms for hours on end to stand in line,  hoping to receive a loaf of bread as a week's meal. The most vulnerable  are going on what are called Maduro diets--skipping meals and reducing  their food consumption.   And Maduro's response? The would-be dictator is threatening to seize  businesses that don't produce enough and has told Venezuelans that  doing without makes them tougher. Thousands of Venezuelans have crossed  borders in search of food and medicine, while Maduro and his cronies  spin conspiracies and rail against phantom enemies on state media. The  situation is so dire that the regime has begun ``rewarding'' some of  its most loyal supporters with toilet paper.   Alongside the disintegration of Venezuela's economy is the specter of  Maduro's growing dictatorship. We have just witnessed the sham election  of a so-called constituent assembly, which Maduro intends to use to try  to rewrite Venezuela's Constitution, to crush what is left of its free  political institutions, and to consolidate his grip on power. His  electoral commission lied about the turnout and downplayed the number  of government workers whom the regime pressured to participate. While  Maduro preached dialogue on television, his security forces were busy  rounding up political opponents and murdering peaceful demonstrators.   This was not Maduro's first power grab. Earlier this year, his  handpicked supreme court temporarily dissolved Venezuela's duly-elected  National Assembly and stripped its members of immunity in what the head  of Organization of American States called a ``self-coup.'' The regime  backtracked only after ferocious pressure and condemnation.   But this week's actions make plain Maduro's intent to complete the  process begun under his mentor, Hugo Chavez, to transform Venezuela  into a full socialistic dictatorship. We have seen that socialism  doesn't work. We have seen the ravages of government control of the  economy. The Venezuelan people are suffering, and when combined with  dictatorship, it is a toxic mix.   Maduro's actions must not continue unchallenged. I support the  Treasury Department's sanctions against senior Venezuelan officials,  including Maduro, placing him in the ignominious company of Kim Jong Un  and Robert Mugabe. We must keep the pressure on and continue to isolate  and delegitimize Maduro's regime, for behind Maduro can be found China,  with its billions in infrastructure investments, and Russia, with its  growing control over Venezuela's energy sector, and Iran, whose  Hezbollah proxy launders money with Maduro's acquiescence.   Yet Maduro is not without opposition. Brave men and women in the tens  of thousands have taken to the streets to demand a better future for  themselves and their families. Many dozens have been killed by the  regime's security forces, and hundreds have been detained. These  freedom-loving people represent the best of Venezuela and fearlessly  follow in the footsteps of generations of dissidents against Socialist  repression.   Just yesterday, Maduro's security forces seized two prominent  opposition leaders--Leopoldo Lopez and Antonio Ledezma--for daring to  criticize his regime on social media. These two men were carted away in  the middle of the night, leaving their loved ones traumatized and  frantic without information.   To Lilian and Mitzi, the wives of these two extraordinary men, I want  to say that you are two of the strongest people I have ever been  blessed to meet. You inspire me. Your husbands' fight inspires me and  millions of Americans and people across the globe. I urge you to  continue to stand and fight on behalf of your husbands and the many  others who are held captive by the Chavista government.   I look forward to welcoming Leopoldo and Antonio back to freedom and,  I hope, they will play leading roles leading a free Venezuela, a post- Maduro Venezuela.   Members of my own family have lived through this sort of oppression  in Cuba, where a lawless government can raid your home without warning,  arbitrarily detain your relatives and neighbors, and ensure that you  hardly, if ever, see them again.   To Lilian and Mitzi, I will continue to raise my voice and to call  for action--real action--to help Leopoldo, Antonio, and every other  Venezuelan willing to stand and risk everything to live in a free and  prosperous and democratic country. It is well past time to consign  Chavismo to the dustbin of history.   To the millions of Venezuelans waiting in lines for food, clothes,  and medicine, struggling with galloping inflation, fearful of Maduro's  henchmen detaining their friends and families or gunning them down in  the streets, and  [[Page S4712]]  thinking themselves helpless in the face of their country's decay, you  are not alone and should not be afraid.   America and our allies will help see you through this crisis and help  you recover. Each new outrage from the Maduro regime only makes our  solidarity with you grow. You are strong and Maduro is weak. You are  Venezuela's future, and Maduro is its past. You will win, and Maduro  will lose.   Venezuela is not the private preserve of a ``busdriver turned  authoritarian thug in a tracksuit,'' but instead Venezuela is a proud  and free nation with a glorious past and an even greater future.   Through its words and deeds, the Maduro regime has abandoned what  little legitimacy it might have had. When this regime expires,  Venezuela will restore its place at the forefront of Latin America and  become a good friend and partner to America once again.   We stand with the Venezuelan people as your friend against this  socialist oppression, and we tell you that there are brighter days  ahead, brighter days of economic cooperation, of energy growth, of  abundance of prosperity, of throwing off the shackles of  totalitarianism.   Estamos contigo Venezuela, tus mejores dias estan por venir.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   