 Mr. President, I want to echo the message of the Senator  from Georgia. This is a terrific opportunity. This is a very big day.  It is a big step forward on our path to restoring the economic growth  that we have been waiting for all this time. I am very excited about  this step forward and the remainder of the process to get this done, to  get this bill signed into law.   Why do we need this? We have just lived through the weakest recovery  in American history--feeble growth, stagnant wages, and a widening gap  between the wealthy and the poor. That is what has been happening for  years.   Some people say: Well, that is just the way it is. You just need to  get used to it. That is the new normal. That is what America is about  now.   That is complete nonsense. There is nothing inevitable about the  American economy being weak and denying opportunity for the people we  represent. It is a direct result of bad policy, failed policy that  prevented us from having the recovery we would normally have after a  recession.   What was that policy? Well, we saw it. It is very clear. It is not a  matter of opinion, it is a matter of fact that productivity growth in  America collapsed. It is a matter of fact that investment in the kinds  of new plants and equipment that allow for productivity to grow  collapsed. It is a fact that new business startups just dried up.  People weren't able and willing to do it.   There is no mystery about why our economy was so weak for so many  years. We had imposed conditions that made it impossible to have the  kind of growth that is normal. Meanwhile, what was happening in the  rest of the world? The rest of the world was systematically making  their tax codes more competitive. The countries that we compete with  around the world, in Europe and Asia, were lowering the rates they  apply to business income, they were simplifying their codes, and they  were moving to international systems that made it more conducive for  them to generate investment into their countries, while we did nothing  except let our Tax Code ossify. That is what has been happening these  last many years.   What I am excited about is that this bill fixes exactly what is  broken. This bill goes to exactly where the problem is and begins to  turn this around. How do we do that? One of the things we do--a  hallmark of this bill--is we are going to lower the cost of investing  in the new plants and equipment that will allow American workers to  become more productive. More productive workers get paid more in wages;  that is just a fact. That is what is going to happen as a result of  this bill.   Another thing we do in this bill is we get away from this terrible  policy we have that is resulting in foreign companies buying up  American companies. The way we treat income earned overseas is a  disaster, and we are the only country in the world that does it.   I think you could make a case that today the United States has what  might very well be the least attractive tax regime in the modern world,  in the industrialized world. What is really exciting about this is that  we are going to move from this system to what just might be the best  tax system in the industrialized world. Think about the result that is  going to have. I think the result is going to be breathtaking--new  investment, new businesses being launched, existing businesses growing.   Take foreign direct investment alone. If you think about it, we have  a global economy. Capital can move around the world with literally the  click of a mouse, and people make investment decisions based on the  climate of the place in which they are thinking about investing. When  we have the worst tax regime in the world, who really wants to invest  here? When we have the best, how are we not going to attract investment  from all around the world, including very much in the United States?   So the changes we are making are exactly the right changes for this  moment. That is true in another respect, and that is, if you think  about where we are in this cycle, it has taken way too long to get  here, but the unemployment rate is quite low now. We are getting close  to full employment. So what happens when we create the incentives for  businesses to grow, to invest, for new businesses to launch, for people  to invest in America--what happens when that occurs in an environment  where the unemployment rate is very low? It sets up a bidding war for  workers. There is no other choice. As they grow, these businesses need  new employees to get the job done. They have to pay ever more because  they are competing with another business down the road that also wants  to grow and also wants to invest in new plants and equipment.   What we are going to do is create a bidding war for workers. That  means wages are going up. When wages go up, families have more take- home pay. When they have more take-home pay, they have a higher  standard of living. This is exactly how people have a chance to live  the American dream, when the economy is thriving and growing at the  rate that America used to take for granted. I am here to say that those  days are coming back.    We have some work to do. We are not done yet by any means, but I am  confident we are going to get this done and, when we do, our  constituents are going to live a better life as a result.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   