 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  my amendment to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2018, to prohibit Federal funds from being used to  implement the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty unless the Senate first  ratifies the treaty.   This language is identical to the version of my amendment that was  enacted into law in last year's NDAA and reflects the consistent will  of the American people and the unified position of Congress in  opposition to this misguided and dangerous treaty.   The U.N. ATT is a deeply flawed agreement signed by the Obama  administration in 2013. It would undermine our national sovereignty,  harm our most vulnerable allies, and threaten the Second Amendment  rights of every single American. Turning over our arms trade policy to  the United Nations is just wrongheaded.   The U.N. ATT would force the United States, the world's most  important defender of liberty and democracy, onto equal footing with  the world's worst dictatorships and terror sponsors. It would be  readily politicized by bad actors around the world to try to stop  America from providing arms to our friends and allies, including  Israel, South Korea, and others.   In short, just like gun control, it would stop the good from doing  good without stopping the bad from doing bad.   Congress has stood strong for the past 6 years on this issue.  Together, we were successful at stopping the Obama administration from  ever implementing this treaty or using hardworking American taxpayer  dollars to promote it.   Nevertheless, our work is not over. One of former President Obama's  parting shots as he left office was to submit the U.N. ATT to our  colleagues in the Senate for ratification, even though he knew it was  dead on arrival.   Regardless of who is seated in the Oval Office, renewing this ban is  important because no Presidency is permanent. A future administration  may well try even harder to put this treaty into effect.   Fortunately, in Donald Trump, we now have a President who believes in  protecting our sovereignty in every possible way. America should never  cede its sovereignty to the United Nations to determine its arms trade  policies.   Therefore, in addition to supporting this amendment, I strongly urge  President Trump and Secretary Tillerson to take the final step and  officially withdraw the United States from the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty  once and for all. It is time to tear it up.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me in support of the Second  Amendment and our Nation's sovereignty and vote in support of my  amendment.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.    When asked about this process that we are now dealing with this  morning, with respect to the Hartzler amendment, Speaker Ryan said:  ``It's a free process. It's open process. She can bring an amendment to  the floor if she wants to.''   Really? This is an open process? She should be able to bring an  amendment that we all think is discriminatory and, quite frankly,  bigoted, to the floor; yet amendments that we have tried to bring to  the floor that deal with the issue of war and whether or not we should  be in these endless wars are denied.   What kind of free process is that? Maybe it is a free process in  Russia, but it is not a free process in the United States of America.   This process is a sham. Fifty-two percent of the amendments that were  brought before the Rules Committee were rejected. You might want to  defend that process, but I don't.   The gentleman says that mission creep has occurred, and that we have  a responsibility here in this House. You are absolutely right we have a  responsibility. When are we going to live up to it?   And the Cole amendment, which I am happy to support, is a report. We  have had reports up to here that have been brought before the NDAA  process over the years. Enough. Time to do our job.   This is why people are cynical about Washington when they hear this  kind of doubletalk. Yeah, we get it. We are worried about mission  creep. Congress ought to do its job. And so what are we going to do?  Not do our job, but we will issue a report.   Come on, enough.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous  question, and I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up  Representative Pocan's Leveraging Effective Apprenticeships to Rebuild  National Skills Act, H.R. 2933, which will promote effective  apprenticeships that will give  [[Page H5778]]  students and workers the skills they need to find well-paying jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous materials, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia). Is there  objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss that proposal, I yield 3  minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan).   