 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense  Authorization Act of 2018.   This bill fully funds our Armed Forces, increases troop end-strength,  and sets in earnest the modernization of our military and ensures that  our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines are properly compensated for  the sacrifices they make for a grateful nation on a daily basis.   In my role as the Seapower and Projection Forces chairman, I vowed  months ago to set the conditions for the Navy to grow to 355 ships, in  accordance with the Navy's own force structure assessment. I am proud  to say that this bill sends the signal to our Navy, the industrial  base, and our adversaries that a 355-ship Navy is not  [[Page H9204]]  just a theoretical idea, but rather an achievable reality.   The bill expands on the eight ships requested by the administration  by adding an additional five ships. The bill also recommends additional  advanced procurement for the Virginia-class attack submarines, while  fully funding the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine program.   As to aircraft, the bill fully funds the B-21 Raider bomber program,  a critical component of the future nuclear triad.   This bill also recommends an expansion of KC-46A aerial refuelers, C- 130J airlift, and P-8 submarine aircraft. Finally, the bill delivers  expanded authorities that will save the taxpayers billions of dollars.   Now, some of our colleagues have suggested that our defense budget is  excessive and that additional moneys should be provided towards other  efforts. Mr. Speaker, this thought is not only misguided, but it is  dangerous. We have a constitutional responsibility to provide for the  common defense of our Nation. We will not shrink from that  responsibility, and I hope none of my colleagues undermine the efforts  to deliver the $634 billion base moneys that are required for our  national security.   Finally, I want to recognize Ranking Member Joe Courtney. He has been  and continues to be a true partner in ensuring the Seapower and  Projection Forces of our Nation are properly resourced. I do not think  that we would be anywhere close to delivering the 355-ship Navy or  providing for our Air Force's deep-strike capability without his  steadfast resolve and sincere efforts to realize bipartisan solutions.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to reflect that with the chairman and the  ranking member and their leadership, and I urge my colleagues to  support the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018.   