 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, our system of government is a tripartite one, with each  branch having certain defined functions delegated to it. The Congress  is charged with writing the laws, the President with executing the  laws, and the judiciary with interpreting them.   The Constitution divides powers between the branches in this manner  in order to guard against the abuse of power by any one branch. The  separation of powers is at the core of the fundamental premise of our  constitutional design that a limited government, divided into three  branches exercising enumerated powers, is necessary to protect  individual liberty and the rule of law.   Unfortunately, over the last several decades, Congress has allowed  its powers to gradually be chipped away at by the other branches. By  allowing its powers to be diminished, Congress, especially this House,  effectively is permitting the people to be deprived of their most  responsive voice in the Federal Government. Through the legislation  before us today and other legislation that the House has actively  pursued in recent years, we can begin to  [[Page H8196]]  reestablish and enforce the limits on the authority of the other two  branches.   Although no package of bills by itself can rebuild Congress'  institutional strength and restore the Constitution's integrity, it is  absolutely necessary that Congress begin reasserting the powers that it  has ceded to the other branches. This package of bills promotes the  restoration of Congress' Article I powers.   The first bill in the package addresses executive branch negotiated  regulatory decrees and settlements. Over the past several decades,  consent decrees and settlement agreements increasingly have been used  in Federal litigation to allow the executive branch to write new law in  ways that give short shrift to the requirements of the Administrative  Procedure Act, Regulatory Flexibility Act, and other laws by which  Congress has prescribed how agencies must conduct rulemaking.   While the executive does have some regulatory authority, these  settlements and consent decrees have been used to aggrandize that  authority and shift regulatory priorities under the cloak of judicial  authority. This subverts the boundaries both the Constitution and  Congress have placed on administrative authority.   The Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements  Act limits the ability of the executive branch to collude with  plaintiffs to abuse consent decrees and settlement agreements in a  manner that allows the executive to thwart laws written by Congress and  increases the power of the judiciary beyond its constitutional limits.   The second bill in the package, the Judgment Fund Transparency Act,  increases transparency over Federal spending by requiring the Treasury  Department to publish data on settlements and court-offered judgments  entered against the Federal Government.   One of Congress' core powers is the authority to authorize and  appropriate money from the Treasury. In order to properly exercise this  power, Congress needs to know how the bill it has appropriated is being  spent.   This bill will allow Congress to better scrutinize and understand  where Federal taxpayer dollars are going. Only through the transparency  this bill provides can Congress make the executive and the judiciary  more accountable for the money that comes out of the Judgment Fund.   The final bill in the package, the Article I Amicus and Intervention  Act, makes clear Congress' ability to defend and assert its  institutional interests in litigation that puts the powers and  responsibilities of Congress into question.   Currently, when the executive branch declines to pursue litigation in  defense of an act of Congress, it is not required to give Congress  notice sufficient to allow the House or Senate to defend the lawsuit  before court filing deadlines have expired. In addition, the House of  Representatives, unlike the Senate, does not have a statutory right to  intervene or file amicus briefs in cases questioning congressional  authority. This legislation ensures that both Houses of Congress have  adequate time and a right to intervene in litigation that questions  congressional authority.   We cannot continue to abdicate our powers and responsibilities to the  other branches of government, weakening the separation of powers  enshrined in our Constitution and threatening the very liberty  divide powers were designed to protect.    Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.   