 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the budget  resolution before us today.   You have got to get a charge out of what you are hearing and  listening to today.   If one were to draw a chart from 2001 and 2003 to the present time,  what contributes to the deficit and the debt?    I am glad to hear someone from the other side talk about that debt,  because I thought you forgot all about it. This budget seems to think  that you have amnesia.   If you look at the chart, what grows the debt? The tax cuts that you  put into effect in 2001 and 2003, which helped the rich and brought us  to an economic abyss 4 years later. You did it, and you are trying to  do it again.   So we will see if Democrats are irrelevant, since you didn't include  us, so far, up to this point. So much for our bipartisanship.   You asked for $203 billion in mandatory spending cuts across 11  committees. It will have to be reconciled with a Senate budget that  explodes our deficit by $1.5 trillion. Good luck.   While this Republican budget claims to balance in 10 years, it does  so with unnamed cuts, gimmicks, and magical thinking about the economic  growth.   The budget is built on the same premise on which you tried to cut the  ACA, the Affordable Care Act. Let's take $750,000, cut down on  Medicaid, and we will give that money in tax cuts to the very wealthy.  That was your plan. You saw how the country received it.   This budget cuts Medicare by $487 billion by eliminating the Medicare  guarantee. How can you justify that and look into the eyes of seniors  in this country?   It assumes repeal of the Affordable Care Act. You want to use the  Affordable Care Act's money, but you want to dissolve it, choke it, and  starve it. It assumes an appeal of that act, which would take 23  million Americans off their healthcare insurance.   It assumes a $1 trillion cut to Medicaid--it is in your budget--and  $2.5 trillion in other mandatory cuts, with no specifics.   The gentleman from Michigan needs to study the facts. You have got to  get him the facts.   The greatest contributor, as I said, were the two tax cuts of 2001  and 2003. We know the breakdown of where that went to.   This is not a serious budget. It is a desperate attempt to enact  deficit-exploding tax cuts.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I am making all my remarks through the Chair.   Mr. Chairman, 1 percent would be the recipients of 80 percent of the  Republican tax cuts within 10 years.   This budget, like the phony tax plan, is a joke and is insulting to  us as Members of Congress. I know you have some problems with your own  Conference. I don't know how you are going to figure that out. Don't  expect us to bail you out.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   