 Mr. President, we continue to just sort of--at a glacial  pace--work our way through the nominations. We have in front of us the  nomination for Attorney General of Senator Jeff Sessions, a colleague  of ours. I am very excited to be able to support his nomination to be  the next Attorney General of the United States.   But unfortunately it is taking an extraordinarily long time for us to  plow through this because Democrats continue to use procedural  roadblocks to keep the administration from being able to get their team  in place. I say that, having concluded today, based on the research  that we have been able to assemble, that this is the slowest pace for  Cabinet approval since George Washington.   Now, that sounds a little melodramatic, but I think it is accurate.  In fact, if you go back to the Eisenhower administration and roll  forward to today, every President, going back to Eisenhower, has had  their Cabinet completely or mostly in place by today. In fact, going  back to the 1880s and up through the 1930s, the entire Cabinet for  those administrations was approved on day one--day one of the  Presidency.   Here we are, as we again continue to run into dilatory tactics by the  Democrats here in the Senate. There have been now, I think, seven of  the Cabinet-level nominees of President Trump who have been confirmed.  At this point in President Obama's first term in office, there were 21  confirmed. So this idea that somehow some purpose is achieved or some  goal accomplished by dragging this process on, I think, does a great  disservice to the American people who, when they voted last fall, voted  with an expectation that when they put a new President in office, that  President would be able to assemble his team and get them about the  important work of governing this country.   So it is regrettable that we are where we are. It is unprecedented  and historic, the levels to which the Democrats here in this Chamber  have taken their attempts to slow this process down. I hope that will  change. I hope we can get back on track here, get this team put in  place, and then let's get on with the important work we have to do.   There is a lot of stuff that needs to be done to make this country  stronger, more competitive, safer for Americans today, to get the  economy growing at a faster rate, to create better-paying jobs, and  increase wages. There is just a lot of stuff that this body needs to be  working on. Right now, what we are doing is simply human resources  business. We are trying to confirm people to positions, but it could go  so much smoother, so much easier, so much more quickly, and so much  more efficiently if we would just get a little cooperation from the  Democrats in the Senate. I hope that will happen because this is  unprecedented, as I said, in the level of degree to which the Democrats  are stooping.    Mr. President, I will just point out to the Senator from  New Hampshire--perhaps she knows it, perhaps she doesn't, but her  leader has suggested a 60-vote threshold for this nominee.   I am delighted to hear her say that they are going to provide a  hearing for consideration. I hope that she, like all of our colleagues,  will provide this judge an opportunity to be heard, to respond to  questions because I think they will find, as most of us who have looked  at his record, that this is an exceptionally well-qualified judge. He  is a very bright legal mind and somebody who I think understands what  the role of a judge is in our constitutional democracy.   With respect to the nominees we are considering, we are here right  now, and the Senator from New Hampshire and some of her colleagues were  here overnight last night stalling, if you will, to allow for votes on  nominees that have been put forward by this administration.   I don't think you can dispute the record. At this time 8 years ago,  President Obama had 21 of his nominees in place. This President has  seven. What I mentioned earlier, you have to go back to the time of  Dwight Eisenhower, roll back to today, and every President from that  point forward has had, on this day, all or most of their nominees in  place and confirmed by the Senate. So there is no question. There is no  question what is going on here.   I am not calling anybody names. I am just pointing out what I see  every single day; that is, foot-dragging and delays and obstruction  trying to prevent a President--whom they, understandably, didn't like  getting elected--from being able to get his team in place.   All I am simply saying is I think the American people expect more of  us, I think they expect better of us, and I think we have to answer the  call to duty to allow that team to be put in place so this President  and his team can go about the important business of governing this  country.   But you cannot dispute the facts with respect to the number of  nominees who have been confirmed to date with this President and  Presidents going back in history, and I said earlier, you have to go  back to George Washington. I think that is accurate. I think you have  to go back a long way in the annals of history to find any time where  you see what is happening today happen in the Senate with any President  historically of either party.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   