 Mr. President, later today the majority is going to  attempt to pass a budget for 2018. Passing a budget has come to mean  all sorts of things in Congress these days. Last year's budget was an  attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. This budget is supposedly  all about tax reform. However, a budget, first and foremost,  [[Page S6614]]  should be a statement about priorities for the coming year and for the  coming decade.   Let's take a moment and examine what this budget says about the  majority's priorities. With any budget, I think you need to look at the  end result and ask a couple of very simple questions.   First, does this budget help reduce Federal deficits and debt with a  responsible, sensible approach? Second, does this budget, ultimately,  put us on a sustainable fiscal path?   The answer to these questions is a clear no. Instead, this budget is  primarily intended to allow the majority to use an expedited procedure  to move tax breaks that would increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion  over the next decade.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle will say that this lost  revenue is offset by spending cuts and promises of new revenues from  economic growth far beyond what almost every single mainstream  economist predicts.   Let's look at the trillions in cuts that the majority is proposing.  Where the budget is specific, it is bad. Medicaid is cut by $1  trillion. Medicare, which provides essential healthcare services to our  seniors, is cut by $470 billion. On top of that, the budget includes  over $3 trillion in unspecified cuts.   You don't have to be an expert in the Federal budget to know that $3  trillion in unspecified cuts means one of two things. They are either,  No. 1, cuts to programs that families and communities rely on, like  Head Start, Pell grants, and transportation funding, or, No. 2, they  are unspecified because they are simply never going to happen.   That is what we are voting on today. There is nearly $1.5 trillion in  cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, and then there are trillions in cuts  that are either so unpopular that no one dares name what they are or  trillions more in deficits because there is not a plan.   The Federal budget is about choices. You can learn a lot about which  choices a budget puts in black and white and which are left  deliberately unspecified. When it comes to the majority's tax plan, we  know only a few details, but we know enough to see where there will be  winners and where there will be losers. The winners will be the  wealthiest Americans in our country and global corporations.   We also need to look at what it means for Michigan families and small  businesses, but there is a deliberate lack of detail that makes  figuring out what the bottom line is for working families impossible.  We don't know where the tax brackets will start and where they will  stop. We don't know what personal exemptions families will be able to  take. We don't know the size and the scope of the child tax credit. We  don't know if important incentives for charitable contributions will be  kept. The majority is even keeping open the possibility of raising  taxes on Americans who are trying to save for their retirement.   This budget should be straightforward. We should reduce the tax  burden on middle class families. We should make it simpler for  Americans to file and understand their taxes. We should make it easier  for them to save for retirement. We should increase take-home pay for  Americans that work hard each and every day to make a living.   Unfortunately, none of these details that are important for middle- class folks were important enough to include in this budget. That is  why I will vote against it. I urge my colleagues to do the same.   We cannot add another $1.5 trillion to the deficit. We cannot slash  Medicare and Medicaid. This is simply the wrong direction for our  country.   So why are we moving forward with this budget at all? Well, on this  issue, I think the administration has been clear. Passing this budget  is all about passing a so-called tax reform bill. However, passing this  budget is not a requirement for passing tax reform. Passing this budget  is only a requirement to pass a tax bill with as few votes as  possible--without input or buy-in from Members of the minority. This is  not the way we should pass real tax reform. If tax reform is going to  be successful, it must have broad bipartisan input. I stand ready to  work with my colleagues on real tax reform.    Modernizing and streamlining our Tax Code can boost Michigan  businesses, raise take-home pay for workers across sectors, and help  create the type of 21st century economy we need.   We can make it easier for small businesses, including manufacturers  and family farms, to invest in themselves, and we can make the code  fair across sectors. We can establish incentives for smart investment  in our communities. We can implement strong, enforceable rules to  prevent companies from gaming our tax system and moving profits and  jobs overseas.   For families, we can meaningfully boost take-home pay. We can expand  the child tax credit and earned-income tax credit, and we can work  together to find real ways to help alleviate the cost of child care. We  can lessen the burden of student debt, and we can help people save for  retirement.   Tax reform can help create more good jobs right here at home, fix  some of the issues in the code that drive jobs and companies overseas,  and put more money in the pockets of working families.   In 1986, Congress passed the most dramatic reform of the Federal Tax  Code in modern history. How many votes did this sweeping overhaul of  the tax system get? When tax reform ultimately passed the Senate in  1986, it received 97 votes.   If we want to repeat that accomplishment and truly overhaul our code  to make it work better for American families and American businesses,  that level of bipartisanship should be our goal, not 50 or 51.   I know we can do these things in a truly bipartisan manner if we are  just given the chance. Let's work together to pass real tax reform with  broad support from both sides of the aisle. The American people deserve  nothing less.   I stand ready to work with the majority, and so do my colleagues. I  urge the majority to abandon this effort and start over. Make the  decision not to add trillions more to the deficit. Make the decision  not to cut Medicare and Medicaid for Americans in need. Start over.  Let's find a path forward to find real, lasting, bipartisan solutions.   I yield the floor.   