 Mr. Speaker, I would like to read you a quote:   ``Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and  resolutions at the United Nations--if it were that easy, it would have  been accomplished by now. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the  Palestinians who must live side by side.''   That was President Obama in 2011, and he was right.   I am stunned at what happened last month. This government--our  government--abandoned our ally, Israel, when she needed us the most. Do  not be fooled. This U.N. Security Council resolution was not about  settlements, and it certainly was not about peace. It was about one  thing and one thing only: Israel's right to exist as a Jewish,  democratic state.   These types of one-sided efforts are designed to isolate and  delegitimize Israel. They do not advance peace. They make it more  elusive.   The cornerstone of our special relationship with Israel has always  been right here in Congress. This institution, the heart of our  democracy, has stood by the Jewish state through thick and thin. We  were there for her when rockets rained down on Tel Aviv. We were there  for her by passing historic legislation to combat the boycott,  divestment, and sanctions movement. And we have been there for her by  ensuring Israel has the tools to defend herself against those who seek  her destruction.   In every one of those instances, Republicans and Democrats worked  together to get these things done. That is because our historic  alliance with Israel transcends party labels and partisan bickering. We  see that bipartisanship right here on the House floor today in  condemning this anti-Israel resolution.   I want to thank our Chairman Ed Royce, Ranking Member Eliot Engel,  and all of our Members on both sides of the aisle for speaking out on  this issue and for helping assemble this legislation. It sends a  powerful message, and it turns a page.   It is time to repair the damage done by this misguided hit job at the  U.N. It is time to rebuild our partnership with Israel and reaffirm our  commitment to her security. It is time to show all of our allies that,  regardless of the shameful events of last week, the United States  remains a force for good.   I ask the whole House to support this resolution on behalf of the  American people.   