 Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of  the House and offer the resolution previously noticed.    Yes, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, the stunning conflicts of interest are  piling up as the President, his family, and his friends profit in their  personal business endeavors while serving in public office.   Under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House are  ``those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety,  dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.'' There is nothing more  of a threat to the integrity of this House than ignoring our duty to  provide a check and balance to the executive branch. To restore the  dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request President  Trump's tax returns and begin to give the American people the  transparency they deserve. That is what we should be giving them.   Now, Mr. Speaker, it is evidence time. Today there is in The Wall  Street Journal an article entitled, ``Russian State-Run Bank Financed  Deal Involving Trump Hotel Partner.'' It is a very interesting article,  I advise, and I want to put it into the Record with your permission.   Mr. Speaker, a letter was sent just recently from Mr. Trump's lawyers  to Mr. Trump and then on to Senator Lindsey Graham. That letter was  supposed to be an explanation of the President of the United States'  involvement in the finances and vice versa of Russia and President  Trump. It does not in any manner, shape, or form, Mr. Speaker, go into  any partnership which may exist. There is nothing about that. There is  nothing about the Russian state-run bank financing a deal involving Mr.  Trump's hotel partner in Toronto.   Number three, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, FinCEN as it  is called, which is part of the Treasury Department but independent-- independent--has independent investigative powers. They are looking  into the money laundering in that situation. They are already  investigating that with these Russian oligarchs--very interesting.   Also we know of what happened----    Well, I would like to know, Mr. Speaker--I am sure you  would, Mr. Speaker--how foreign investments have enriched the President  of the United States. That is the only way we are going to find out the  conflicts of interest--the only way.   So I have heard some House leaders argue that the House should not  concern itself with things outside of its control. But section 6103 of  the IRS Code is very much within the control of the House, if you have  read it, giving specific responsibility to the chairman of the Ways and  Means Committee, and the American people are demanding the Congress  request the President's tax returns be exercised for several reasons.   Mr. Trump has not divested himself from his businesses as was  recommended by the Office of Government Ethics.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is relevant if we look at what was produced-- remember, it is evidence time--what was produced on January 21, 2009,  the ethics commitments by executive branch personnel and what has been  committed and produced under this administration. They have laughed at  Mr. Shaub, who is the ethics commission chairman. They have laughed at  him because it is almost like Cornelius Vanderbilt: You have the law; I  have the power.    On a question of privilege, Mr. Speaker----    I'm sorry to interrupt.    On a question of privilege--I am talking about the  privilege of this House. I am talking about the privilege of  Republicans and Democrats. We are all alike. We are all equal. Nobody  is better than anybody else.   What I am saying to you tonight, Mr. Speaker, is that this goes to  the very heart of the issue and why this is a privileged resolution  because we have a right to know, we have a right to uphold the  integrity of this institution--everybody--not just some.   Mr. Trump has not divested himself from his businesses as was  recommended by the Office of Government Ethics. We need to see how our  President--our President--would personally benefit from changes to our  Tax Code. Tax Code changes proposed by his administration could lower  his own personal tax bill by tens of millions of dollars. The American  people have a right to know that.   We have learned that earlier this year the President apparently asked  Mr. Comey to cease his investigation of Trump National Security Advisor  Flynn. In a surprise move last week, Mr. Trump fired the Director of  the FBI.    Mr. Speaker, I am saying here and very specifically, we  have no way of knowing whether Mr. Trump or his firms have received  Russian income. It is an insult to the integrity of this House-- Republicans and Democrats alike. We need to know this. We need to know  that the President of the United States is beyond question in his  objectivity with any nation, and particularly those who are pretty  shaky in relationship with, like Russia.   A certified letter from paid attorneys that actually confirms the  President, in fact, does have financial ties to Russia does nothing to  assuage these concerns.    The legislative branch has the responsibility--it has the authority-- to check the executive branch, and section 6103(f)(1) is very clear,  very distinct, the privilege of the House--the privilege of the Tax  Code--which allows for an examination of the tax returns, the authority  put in place specifically so Congress could examine conflicts of  interest in the executive following the Teapot Dome scandal. As I  mentioned before, the possible sale of public lands under this  administration is not very different than the biggest scandal of the  20th century at Teapot Rock, Wyoming.   Mr. Speaker, nothing could be more of a threat to the integrity of  this distinguished----    Mr. Speaker, I have only 2 more minutes. May I finish?    I am confining my remarks to the question of privileges  which I said last night. Mr. Speaker, I will not yield on that issue.  That is all I am doing--no more, no less. This is not a court. All I am  saying is putting forth the rationale behind the resolution which I  have put forth today--put forth yesterday and was read today.  [[Page H4293]]    We have nothing but evidence to justify an examination, Mr. Speaker.  This is not hot air. If and when such conflicts are revealed, I do not  want to say to our constituents that we had the power to review these  conflicts, but we did nothing. I for one do not want the integrity--my  integrity, the integrity of my colleagues, and the integrity of this  House--to be demeaned by such a shameful failure. That goes to the very  heart in their own words of what of a privileged resolution is.   To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to  request President Trump's tax returns and give the American people the  transparency they deserve.   My concluding statement is this, Mr. Speaker: I mentioned Vanderbilt  before because that is a very powerful statement he made--a very rich  guy. He felt he could do anything: The law? What law? I am all the  power.   This is not the United States of America, this is not our democracy,  and this is not what Republicans and Democrats have fought for since  they have been in this House and before. I stand with us in only  getting what we deserve, and then we decide whether we will communicate  it to the American people through the Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your courtesies.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   