 Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out, as all of us, to those  impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. I am committed to  providing the resources necessary for Federal response and recovery.   We all voted for the money a week and a half ago. That took 3 days.  Other storms in the past took 3 months, so let's set the record  straight.   I am pleased to support aid to those affected by Harvey, Irma, Maria,  and I will continue to do so. We urgently need to deliver relief and  assistance to those currently impacted by Hurricane Maria in the U.S.  Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, where the entire island has lost power  and many are without water.   I can't support a bill before us today which is not even close to  providing the robust relief that Puerto Rico needs. You know it, and we  know it. The Congress and this administration need to step up, help  Puerto Rico recover.   I plan to reintroduce legislation to extend the earned income tax  credit to residents of Puerto Rico, and I hope my colleagues will  support it.   The bill before us today completely circumvented the committee  process. I am not a process person, but this bill did not have any  hearing, despite the fact that myself and my Republican colleague from  New York, Mr. Reed, have had legislation on comprehensive disaster  relief for the last 5 years.   I want to address something my good friend from Texas, the chairman  of the Ways and Means Committee, put out yesterday in response to my  position and others. He said that Democrats were using hurricane relief  as a ``bargaining chip'' and ``playing politics'' to enact our own  agenda. He also tweeted that we were ``sick,'' which I can only hope  was tweeted by an overzealous staffer.   This is where I usually fly off the handle, but I am going to keep  cool, I am going to keep calm, and I am going to make sure that I am a  real American, not judging people on where they live. I promised myself  I would stay calm for the rest of what I have to say.   My only agenda, Mr. Speaker, is to help those who have been hurt by  disasters, regardless of where in the United States they live,  regardless of what they look like, regardless of how they cook their  food. If that is a political agenda, I don't know what world we are  living in.   As for ``playing politics,'' as I mentioned, the gentleman from New  York and I introduced the National Disaster Tax Relief Act to take  politics out of the process, to avoid having to have debates like  these.   Congress shouldn't pick and choose who gets disaster relief and who  doesn't based on political whims. Tax relief should not be reserved  only for victims of a storm that happened to impact the home district-- --   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill needlessly pits residents of  Texas and Florida against residents of New York, New Jersey,  Connecticut, Louisiana, West Virginia, Utah, and other States. We  should treat everyone fairly, and the Reed-Pascrell bill would do that.   Tax relief provisions would kick in automatically for federally  declared disaster situations, even in Montana, even in Alaska. We  should not play favorites when it comes to helping those in need.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired.    Mr. Speaker, so let's be clear about who is playing  politics here. New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut continue to feel  the effects of Hurricane Sandy, just as Carolinians, Utahns, people  from West Virginia and Louisiana still feel the effects of the major  floods of 2015 and 2016. This is true in many other States.   So while this bill takes a few provisions from our bill, it does not  get into the real meat and potatoes as to how we can help everybody.  This bill doesn't do enough in the first place, and it doesn't include  victims of other disasters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to demand robust and fair disaster  tax relief. And if that is politics, so be it. I plead guilty. I want  fairness.   