 Mr. President, I see my friend and colleague from  Pennsylvania on the floor. We have worked together on a number of  things over the years, including now, working together to impose and  really enforce sanctions against North Korea, putting together a bill  modeled after the Iran sanctions bill so we are serious about working  to get China and others to come to the table. I thank my colleague for  his work on that.   Where we disagree strongly is on the bill that has emerged from the  House of Representatives, the so-called tax reform bill. The Senator  from Pennsylvania said people should be excited to see it. I can assure  you, if you are a millionaire or billionaire, you are going to be  really excited about the bill that is coming out of the House and  supported by President Trump.   I want to talk a little bit about tax reform because we need tax  reform in America. We need to simplify our Tax Code. It has been gummed  up over many years with special tax breaks that are there not because  they make good sense for the American people but because somebody was  able to hire a high-priced lobbyist to give them a break the rest of  the country does not enjoy. We need to simplify our Tax Code, and we  need to reform our Tax Code.   Unfortunately, what we are seeing come from Republicans today,  supported by the Trump administration, doesn't do that. In fact, what  it will do is provide full-time employment for tax accountants around  the country because it creates all sorts of special provisions for  powerful, special interests. It will dramatically cut taxes for big  multinational corporations and for millionaires and billionaires, and  everybody else is going to be left to pick up the bill in one way or  another.   Now we know why this has been cooked up behind closed doors for so  long. People knew it would have a lot of turbulence when it emerged.  Secondly, we know why there is such a desperate effort to ram this huge  tax proposal through the House and the Senate--because people don't  want the American people to figure out exactly what is in it because  when they do, they are going to see it is bad for everybody but the  folks who are at the very top or who are very powerful.   The good news is that people have scrambled to begin to look at this.  In fact, certain groups like Realtors--we all have Realtors in all our  neighborhoods. They are often very connected to our community. They  know exactly what is going on. So they have been monitoring this  Republican tax plan and raising concerns about it. In fact, they said  just a few days ago that because there was this effort ``to speed tax  legislation through the House by Thanksgiving and get it to Mr. Trump  by the end of the year, `we didn't feel like we could wait,''' said the  representatives from the National Association of Realtors.   So they began to do an analysis of the impact, and here is what they  had to say today when they caught a glimpse of what was actually in the  Republican Trump bill. They said that  [[Page S6984]]  they are reviewing the details, but at first glance it appears to  ``confirm many of our biggest concerns'' about the plan. ``Eliminating  or nullifying the tax incentives for homeownership puts home values and  middle class homeowners at risk.''   We will be hearing more from them, but they commissioned a study that  was done by PricewaterhouseCoopers, which concluded that if you have  adjusted gross income between $50,000 and $200,000 and you are a  homeowner, on average, you are going to see your taxes go up. They also  concluded that home values around the country would fall by 10  percent--not sure when they would begin to recover, but they would fall  by 10 percent. Home values would go down, and taxes for middle-class  homeowners would go up.   Homebuilders, who are a really important part of our economy, are  already against this strongly. They have made it clear that this would  hurt new homebuilding around the country, which, as we know, is an  important driver in our economy.   Even NFIB, the National Federation of Independent Business, took a  look at the bill and said: ``[It] leaves too many small businesses  behind.''   I will tell you exactly who this helps. This helps big, multinational  corporations. When you drop the tax rate to 20 percent, they get a $2  trillion tax windfall. I would be happy to talk to my colleagues about  corporate tax reform that doesn't blow up the deficit, but this  proposal is a $2 trillion giveaway to big, multinational corporations  under the theory that somehow, when you give a big tax break to a  multinational corporation, it is actually going to increase the wages  of their workers. Well, we know that just isn't so. We know it from  independent analysts.   The nonpartisan, professional Congressional Research Service has  looked at the claims of the proponents of this bill and said: No, this  isn't going to be a big boost to workers; it is going to be a big boost  to the owners of the corporations.   If you don't like nonpartisan analysis--and you know we have a new  whole machinery of fake news around here and around this country--why  don't we listen to the CEOs themselves? Here is what Reuters reported  in a headline: ``CEOs suggest Trump tax cut may lift investors more  than jobs.'' That is what the CEOs say. Do you know what? We know from  our own experience and our own observations that is absolutely true.   Let's look at the real world. We have seen record increases in  corporate profits over the last many years--record increases. Did that  extra money, did those bigger profits go to higher wages for American  workers? They did not. They have been flat. They have been stagnant. We  have had a growing gap between rising corporate profits and the wages  of people who work for those corporations. So now we are going to give  those same multinational corporations another $2 trillion windfall and  think it is going to somehow trickle down to the workers? It just is  not the case. That is not how they are using their profits.   The owners of those corporations will pocket the overwhelming lion's  share for themselves. We know that because that is what they have been  doing already, and giving them another $2 trillion isn't going to  change that pattern.   To add insult to injury, not only is this going to be a tax windfall  for big corporations that have record profits right now, but because of  the way this is designed with respect to the international Tax Code, it  is going to create incentives for American corporations to move from  Baltimore, MD, overseas or from any other place in the United States  overseas. I am not just talking about moving their profits to tax  shelters, which you see happen today. You know they park their profits  in the Cayman Islands, and they park their intellectual property in  low-tax havens. Because of the way they have designed this--a 10  percent average international rate--they are actually encouraging  American businesses and corporations to move their operations and their  jobs overseas.   Let's look at another part of the plan. We keep hearing from our  colleagues that this is going to help folks in the middle class. Let's  look at the estate tax. If you are an American couple today and your  estate is less than $11 million, you don't pay one penny in Federal  estate tax--not one. Somehow it became an imperative of the  Republicans, who put together this plan, to give a tax break to people  with estates of over $11 million. So, first, they lift that cap from  $11 million to somewhere like $20, $22 million, and then they get rid  of it altogether. That doesn't help a single American household with an  estate that is less than $11 million. We are talking about 2 out of  every 1,000 American households that will benefit. That apparently was  a big priority of the Trump administration and the Republicans, who put  together this plan.   So who is going to pay for it? Who is going to pay for the $2  trillion tax cut for big multinational corporations? Who is going to  pay for the windfall tax break for big, big estates? Everybody else.  That is why the Realtors are against it. That is why the homebuilders  are against it. That is why others are already against it, along with  lots of other groups. Middle-class taxpayers are going to have to pick  up the tab.   Do you know what they do in this bill, this Republican bill? They  eliminate the ability of Americans to deduct their State and local  taxes. Except for property taxes, all of those State and local taxes  are now going to be paid on twice. You are going to pay your State and  local government, and then out of that same dollar, you are going to  pay your Federal tax. That is double taxation.   Here is the irony. If you are a corporation in one of those States,  you get to deduct your State and local taxes in whatever State it may  be. If you are a corporation, you get to take that deduction. If you  are workers, if you are homeowners, no, you don't get to take that  deduction. You are going to pay more.   Here is the really ironic thing. After they provide these big tax  breaks to multinational corporations and millionaires and billionaires  and raise taxes on millions of middle-class families, they are still  leaving this country with a $1.5 trillion debt. It is written right  into the budget.   I served as the senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee for a  long time. Speaker Ryan used to be the chairman of that committee. He  talked at length about the dangers of rising national debt. Do you know  what? This is a serious issue. I used to think my Republican colleagues  were serious about it, but now we discover they were only using that as  a lever to justify their cause for cutting Medicare, cutting Medicaid,  cutting Social Security, cutting education: Oh, the debt is really  high; we have to cut all these things. But tax cuts for big  corporations and millionaires and billionaires, let's add that to the  national credit card. That is $1.5 trillion to be paid for by everybody  else--our kids and grandkids.   Do you know what will happen? We will pass this tax cut for the  special interests and powerful Americans, and then all of a sudden, I  assure you, our Republican friends will rediscover their concern about  the national debt. They will rediscover it once they get through with  this windfall tax cut, and then they will want to come around and cut  Medicare and Medicaid and education.   Do you know how we know that? They have already told us. In the  budget that passed this Senate and the House, they called for cutting  Medicare by almost $500 billion--$473 billion to be exact--cutting  Medicaid by a trillion dollars, cutting education investments very  deeply, cutting our investments in national infrastructure. So we know  that once they blow up the debt by another $1.5 trillion, they are  going to come right back and say to seniors on Medicare or Americans  who rely on Medicaid or our kids whose education we want to invest in:  Sorry, now we have that national debt we just created. Let's come back  and cut everything else.   I really hope that everyone will take a step back. We should not rush  through something that will do great damage to the country and great  damage to the middle class just because of someone's political  imperative to get something--anything--done. The reality is that while  we do need tax reform, we don't want to mess things up even worse than  they are today.   I would welcome the opportunity to work on a bipartisan basis for  genuine  [[Page S6985]]  tax reform and simplification of the Tax Code, but I will not support  any effort that hikes our national debt by $1.5 trillion in order to  give big tax breaks to multinational corporations and millionaires and  billionaires. We can do a whole lot better. We should do better.   Thank you.   