 Mr. President, every week I have been coming down to  the  [[Page S2630]]  floor for months now to recognize someone in my State who has made a  difference, someone who has devoted time and energy to making Alaska a  better place to live for the community and for others. We call these  individuals our Alaskan of the week. It covers Alaskans from all over  the State.   As I have said repeatedly in every one of my ``Alaskan of the Week''  speeches, I believe Alaska is the most beautiful State in the country-- I would argue, in the world. I urge everybody in the room--the pages,  the Presiding Officer, and the folks watching on TV--to come see for  yourself. It will be a trip of a lifetime, I guarantee it. But it is  the people who truly make Alaska unique, people who are helping each  other, people who face tough odds and conquer them, strong-willed,  warm-hearted, tenacious people who have carved generous lives and  sometimes in very extreme conditions.   Today, our Alaskan of the week is going to be a twofer. We are going  to do two today. So I would like to recognize two Alaskans, Madison  Englund of Fairbanks and Jennifer Troutman of Anchorage, as our  Alaskans of the week. These are two special athletes who have made all  of us in Alaska very proud.   Last month, Madison and Jennifer returned to Alaska with a slew of  medals from the 2017 Special Olympics World Winter Games in Austria.  First, these young women did everything in their power, including  training their hearts out, to qualify for these world Olympic games,  and when they got there, they excelled. Madison won a Gold Medal in the  advanced super-G snowboard race and added a Silver Medal in the  advanced giant slalom. Jennifer claimed a Silver Medal in Monday's  advanced super-G ski race, as well.   Jennifer has been an athlete with Special Olympics for 11 years.  During her freshman year of high school, she participated in bowling,  track and field, and floor hockey through the Partners Club. During her  junior year, she found a passion for skiing and has been excelling on  the slopes ever since, as you can see from these incredible medals from  the Special Olympics. She also works at Petco during her free time.   Madison has been part of Special Olympics for 7 years. Aside from  sports, she enjoys other hobbies, to include playing the cello,  camping, fishing, and caring for animals. She is proud of her dogs, and  she has three of them. She also loves to make jewelry. She said it is  her favorite hobby. In addition to all this, she has also won the Good  Citizens Award from the Daughters of the American Revolution.   Since its founding nearly 50 years ago and subsequent growth to all  corners of the globe, the Special Olympics has brought hope and joy and  self-esteem to countless children and adults with intellectual  disabilities and, of course, to their families and friends and their  supporters like me. Special Olympics has shown what can happen when a  group of people get together and sweat it out and work hard in the name  of fair competition, camaraderie, and perseverance. These Special  Olympians--all Special Olympians, really--make us in Alaska proud.   I want to thank Jim Balamaci, who has been the Special Olympics  Alaska head for many years, and his whole team for giving so many  Alaskans the opportunity to get out to the field or the slopes and  experience the fulfillment of sports for all.   In Alaska, we love our Special Olympics athletes. They are an  inspiration to all of us, whether it is when they are competing or even  participating in the Polar Plunge in the icy waters of Alaska every  winter to raise money for Special Olympics.   Congratulations again to Jennifer and Madison on your hard work and  incredible achievements and representing Alaska so well.  Congratulations. You have earned it, being our Alaskans of the week.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 14, submitted earlier  today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 35, which was received  from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H. Con. Res. 36, which was  received from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee be discharged from further  consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S.  Res. 127.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.  [[Page S2631]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Commerce Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the  Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 132.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 145, submitted  earlier today.    Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 146, submitted  earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   