 Mr. President, there are two reasons why every Member of  the Senate should vote against confirming Marvin Kaplan to the NLRB.  The first is that he is just not qualified.   The NLRB is the Federal agency that enforces our labor laws. It  protects the rights of workers and the private sector to organize for  better wages and better working conditions. It is up to them to make  sure that their employers follow the law and that when there is an  issue between employers and employees, everyone acts reasonably.   Democrats and Republicans who have served on the NLRB have been the  top labor and employment attorneys in their fields. They have had long  careers working on labor issues, either as lawyers or as law  professors. Many of them have spent time as staffers on the NLRB board.  In other words, they understand the labor issues better than anyone.  They may have a unique perspective on it one way or the other--sort of  pro-management or pro-labor--but there is no question that previous  nominees and previous members of the Board know labor law.   Marvin Kaplan doesn't fit this profile. He is not a lawyer with any  relevant labor experience. He has no record and no public positions on  relevant labor law. What he is is a well-connected Capitol Hill  staffer. His only qualification, that I can find, is that he has  drafted some legislation for a committee in the House of  Representatives. That does not stack up against the resumes of any  other member who has served on the Board--Democrat or Republican.   This lack of experience is dangerous. It means he will not know the  intricacies and the historical development of labor law. He will simply  be a rubberstamp who brings a political agenda to the Board, because he  has no on-the-record opinions on these issues of his own.   That was clear from the hearing on his nomination, when he would not  properly commit to recuse himself from any issues he had worked on and  to approach issues with an open mind, which brings me to the second  reason. If somehow Senators can make an excuse for his lack of  experience, we can't  [[Page S4704]]  deny that this is the opposite of the message that Congress should have  received during the 2016 election.   In November, Americans made clear that Washington had failed working  families and that we have not done enough to stand up for American  workers.   Now here we are about to confirm a nominee to the NLRB, and the only  experience he has is that he has drafted legislation to hurt American  workers.   The Board is about to face some important decisions. They could  reverse a decision that holds big companies accountable for how their  contractors treat workers. The future of American workers and their  ability to organize will be influenced by this Board, which includes  any members confirmed by the Senate.   If Mr. Kaplan is appointed, it will further silence workers who  already feel that they aren't being heard in Washington, DC.   A vote for Mr. Kaplan is a vote that ignores the voices of American  workers. It is a vote that further politicizes the NLRB at a time when  we need to shore up our institutions against blind, corrosive ideology.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nominee.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   