 Mr. President, tonight I am here to speak in opposition  to the nomination of Tom Price to be the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, and I am standing here this evening in solidarity with  millions of Americans across this country who, thanks to the Affordable  Care Act, have health insurance, some for the very first time in their  lives--not just access to coverage but actual health insurance for  themselves and for their families, coverage that provides preventive  care without copays, coverage despite preexisting conditions, coverage  supported by subsidies for those who need it to help make health  insurance affordable for their families.   Tom Price's position on health care is contrary to everything those  millions of Americans rely upon, and it is against everything that my  State of Massachusetts stands for.   So let's take a look at Tom Price's formula for health care for  America. First, Congressman Price wants to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. He wants to bring back discrimination against those with  preexisting conditions. He wants to kick 32 million Americans off their  health coverage. He wants to deprive women of reproductive health  choices, and all of this, ultimately, is going to raise prices of  insurance, of health care coverage for everyone who has insurance right  now, which is 80 percent of America who gets their private coverage.   Second, Tom Price wants to end Medicare as we know it. He would  increase the Medicare eligibility age and create a voucher system that  pushes the cost of the program directly onto seniors. Finally, he wants  to slash Medicaid, which provides health care to disabled and poor  families across this country.   So that is his plan. This is the Tom Price health care plan for  America in the 21st century: No. 1, repeal the Affordable Care Act; No.  2, end Medicare as we know it; and, No. 3, gut Medicaid and raise  premiums for everyone else in our country. No one with any sense  believes this is a winning formula.   Voting for the Affordable Care Act was the best vote of my entire  political career, and that is because I agreed with Senator Ted Kennedy  that health care is a right and not a privilege and that everyone in  our country is entitled to health care coverage and that that health  care is the solid foundation for our entire country to build their  lives on.   Ralph Waldo Emerson said: ``The first wealth is health.'' Without  health, you have nothing. That is what the Affordable Care Act is all  about--to give every American the first wealth, the most important one,  the access to the health care which they need. That is the promise that  all Americans were made with the Affordable Care Act, and it is a  promise that we still must keep.   Before Tom Price and his Republican allies came up with their  blueprint to dismantle the ACA and put their big health insurance  companies back in charge of your health, there was a Massachusetts  blueprint that helped to create that historic health care law. Many of  those core fundamentals were from Massachusetts and were then just  built right into the Affordable Care Act: creating a marketplace so  that insurance companies compete for customers, expanding Medicare to  cover more low-income residents in our State, helping lower and middle- income people buy insurance with tax subsidies, encouraging people and  businesses to buy in so we are all splitting the cost and sharing the  benefits, and a employer-responsibility requirement for all large  employers to offer coverage to their workers.   In Massachusetts, we call this RomneyCare, a good Republican program  from my Republican Governor--RomneyCare. Then on a national level, they  called it ObamaCare. In Massachusetts, we just called it successful. It  worked. It is a good plan.   Right now in Massachusetts, 98 percent of all adults have health care  insurance; 99 percent of all children have health insurance. The  Massachusetts unemployment rate is 2.8 percent. We are No. 1 in math,  verbal, and science at the fourth, eighth, and tenth grades out of all  50 States. We have the cleanest environment in the United States. We  have health care for all children and all adults, and our unemployment  rate, again, is 2.8 percent.   It is not a choice. In fact, it is a business plan for the State. It  works--the healthiest families, the most educated children in the  Nation, the lowest unemployment rate. It all comes together. It is a  plan.  [[Page S1051]]    Now, to listen to the critics of this idea--that everyone is entitled  to health care--you would think that it would destroy our economy, and  they are still waiting for it to happen, as our unemployment rate  continues to go down and down and down.   What is up? I will tell you what is up. Cancer screenings are up.  Preventive care visits are up. Diabetes treatments have gone up. Health  disparities among women and minorities are down. That is who we are. We  can do this. It is a plan. It is a plan. It actually ensures that every  child in America, every family in America really doesn't have to worry  about something happening, some bankruptcy taking place because they  can't afford the health care that one of their family members needs.  That is what was happening before the Affordable Care Act passed.   So what makes Massachusetts one of the healthiest places in the world  to live is in jeopardy with the nomination of Tom Price. He is coming  for this plan. He doesn't think it works. He doesn't understand what  has happened in Massachusetts or across our country.   In fact, in the State of Kentucky, the Democratic Governor, Governor  Beshear, has instituted this plan in his red State, and he took the  total number of people up to 95 percent of total coverage for  Kentucky--hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people.   If we did that across the whole country, then we would essentially  have the Affordable Care Act of Massachusetts in the whole country, but  there has been strong resistance from States that are ideologically  opposed to having this kind of a plan be put in place. So they are  coming for it. That is what Tom Price is doing.   Let me give you an idea as to what Tom Price's plan does for  Massachusetts and ultimately for the rest of the country that has  adopted the plan. In Massachusetts alone, there will be an average per  person loss of $2,280 in tax credits, and 83,000 seniors and people  with disabilities may lose $1,000 per year in saved prescription drug  costs. We could lose an estimated 57,000 jobs just in Massachusetts  with all these services just being eliminated. We would have the loss  of $1.85 billion in Medicaid expansion funding and the loss of more  than $700 million in Federal premium tax credits and cost sharing  reduction payments for middle-income families.   We also have to consider the Affordable Care Act's prevention and  public health fund. Here is what went wrong with our health care system  in the 20th century: We were running a sick care system, not a health  care system. So what the Affordable Care Act did was it began to shift  the emphasis towards prevention. How do you stop people from getting  sick in the first place? That is the way we should be viewing disease  in our country. The Affordable Care Act is our government's single  largest investment in prevention.   Since enactment of the ACA, the prevention fund has provided more  than $5 billion to States and communities across the country to support  community-based prevention programs. Nationally, the prevention fund  also funneled hundreds of millions into the preventive health services  block grant. These grants have been critical in Massachusetts, for  example, helping our communities respond to the heroin, prescription  drug, and fentanyl crises.   Unfortunately for all of us, Tom Price's assault on health care  wouldn't stop there. Congressman Price's march on the Affordable Care  Act would slash Medicaid--and listen to this number--which pays for $1  out of every $5 in America for substance use disorder treatment.   The repeal of Medicaid expansion would rip coverage from 1.6 million  Americans, newly insured Americans who have substance use disorders. We  have an opioid crisis in America, a fentanyl crisis, a prescription  drug crisis. People are dying in record numbers. What Tom Price is  proposing is going to take 1.6 million of these Americans who are  receiving treatment right now and just strip them of this health care  benefit.   What happens to them? We know what happens if you don't have  treatment. We know what happens if you don't have prevention when you  have a drug problem. It leads, inextricably, inevitably, toward a  conclusion that is now affecting tens of thousands of people in America  every single year, and that is death. You tell these 1.6 million people  they no longer have coverage, and you are sentencing them to  consequences that, I don't think, our country wants to see.   I have served in Congress for nearly 40 years, and I have never seen  anything like this opioid epidemic, never.   In Massachusetts, 2,000 people died last year. We are only 2 percent  of America's population. If the whole country was dying at our rate,  that would be 100,000 people a year dying from drug overdoses. That is  two Vietnam wars every single year.   What Tom Price is saying is that he is going to rip away the  Affordable Care Act funding for those who have substance abuse.  Nationally, opioids have now killed more people than gun violence, auto  accidents. Many people who have substance use disorders benefit from  protections under the ACA. It is guaranteed. The funding is there for  it. So this is for me just one perfect example of many, many examples  which I can use in order to kind of just give people insight as to the  horrors that are going to be done to vulnerable families all around the  country.    Donald Trump is bragging today that he is going to provide a big  league tax cut for businesses in America, big league tax breaks for the  wealthiest people in our country. That is a commitment. The wealthiest  can get a big tax break, businesses can get a big tax break.   Where will that money come from? Well, in order to pay for the  Affordable Care Act, hospitals across the country kicked in about $500  billion over 10 years in order to help with the costs, but the  hospitals received something in return. Because of the Medicaid  subsidies for patients, they would now have insurance, and when they  showed up at the hospitals, they would actually have insurance  coverage. So that would help the hospitals have the revenue they need  in order to take care of business. Since many fewer people were now  going to arrive at the emergency room, the uncompensated care--that is  the funding which the hospitals just had to provide for patients who  just walked into an emergency room--would now be dramatically reduced  because the patients would have insurance through the Affordable Care  Act. The $500 billion they had promised to the Federal Government that  would not be an expenditure, that would be the tradeoff.   Then you say to yourself, what is the Republican plan now? What they  are saying is, they are going to kill these subsidies that have reduced  the number of people who do not have insurance going into emergency  rooms, and they are going to strip that away. They don't have a plan.  This is the Tom Price plan--nothing. But they are also saying they are  not going to give back the money to the hospitals which had been used  in order to deal with the uncompensated care. So it is a con job. The  President says you have a big tax break to the wealthiest in our  country, big tax break to the businesses in our country. Where is the  money coming from? Where is the piggy bank? Here is the piggy bank. The  piggy bank is the money that was being used to give insurance for  people to go to hospitals with their families. That is being taken  away, and they will use it to give tax breaks to the businesses. You  are taking it from the people who need it the most, for health care,  preventive services, and families and you give it to the people who  need it the least, the wealthiest and the businesses in the country. It  is a con job--take the money and hand it over to the largest  constituency in the Republican Party. And who is the architect? Tom  Price.   Is that why he would destroy this health care system? Is that why you  would cut back Medicare? Is that why you would gut Medicaid? You do it  so you can give huge tax breaks to the wealthiest in our society? That  is an unacceptable plan, and it makes him an unacceptable candidate to  be the Secretary of Health and Human Services in our country.   We have a raging epidemic of opioids. We have all kinds of problems  that can be dealt with if people had the insurance coverage and they  knew they could go in order to get the help they need.   Now let's focus on the Medicare Program because they want to save  money there too. How are they going to accomplish that? Well, there  were doom-  [[Page S1052]]  and-gloom prospects about the Medicare programs that came from the  Republicans, Tom Price himself, but just the opposite happened. The  Medicare Program since the Affordable Care Act went into place has  resulted in the lowest per member rate of spending growth in its 50- year history for Medicare. Premiums paid by enrollees in Medicare Part  B and Part D have gone down against all the predictions of its  opponents, and perhaps more importantly, the savings have helped  America's seniors by ensuring that Medicare will continue to be there  for them.   Here is a big number for you. Medicare had previously faced a  projected insolvency that could have occurred this year--this year.  Medicare insolvent. However, because of the Affordable Care Act, it  extended the insolvency date of the Medicare trust by 12 years. Good  news for seniors. Repealing the law jeopardizes Medicare for a  generation of Americans.   But Tom Price doesn't just want to repeal the Affordable Care Act,  the second part of the health care assault is to transform Medicare  into a voucher program and increase the Medicare eligibility age. After  a lifetime of hard work, Congressman Price would make seniors wait  longer for the benefits they earned.   My father was a milkman for the Hood Milk Company. His arms were the  size of my legs. Milk men work hard. Blue-collar people work hard  across our country. Working-class people work hard. Should they have to  wait until they are 66, 67, 68, 69 to receive a Medicare benefit? They  work hard. That makes no sense whatsoever. That is Tom Price. How do  you increase the age when people can receive Medicare coverage for  their health when they are old in order to save money--for what  purpose? To then have a tax break for the wealthiest who already have  the money they need in order to take care of the health care of their  families. That is one thing you never have to worry about. The wealthy  in America have all the money they need for their families.   Do you want to know another thing? The higher your income, the more  likely you are going to live longer than people who don't have money.  You don't have to worry about wealthy people. They are fine. Their  health is fine. Their children are fine. Any problems in their family  are fine.   Well, how about other families in our country? That is what this plan  does. They want to lose that plan in order to give more money to the  people who already have enough for the rest of their lives. So that  would wind up increasing premiums for grandma and grandpa by hundreds  of dollars, making them pay more out-of-pocket for less care. What Tom  Price essentially wants to do is get us into the Wayback Machine and  return us to a time when corporate insurance companies were calling the  shots in our country, back to a time when a person could go bankrupt  because of medical bills, back in time to when Americans had to choose  between paying for the rent or paying for a lifesaving medical  treatment.    The Affordable Care Act moved our country from being a sick care  system to a health care system, but Congressman Price wants to undo all  of that progress and get rid of all of those protections.   Here is Tom Price's bottom line: repeal the Affordable Care Act,  which results in fewer insured patients, and that means more patients  in the emergency room and higher premiums for everyone else. That  formula is as bogus as a degree from Trump University. It doesn't add  up.   The people who have to pay for it are everyone else's insurance  policies that are going to go up. Because you better believe the  hospitals and insurance companies, when that money is not there in the  Affordable Care Act, insurance policies for those people, and you don't  get back the $300 to $500 billion that the hospitals have now committed  back to the Federal Government, somebody is going to have to pay.  Somebody is going to pay, and you don't have to be Dick Tracy to figure  this out. The people who are going to pay will be every other American  who has an insurance policy. It will just go up 5, 10, 15 percent,  everybody else's insurance policies. The hospitals are getting their  dough; the insurance companies are getting their dough.   When people go to an emergency room, they are not going to be turned  away. Somebody is going to have to pay. Where is the payment going to  come from? Everybody else's insurance policies, which are going up, and  the money that had been saved is going to the Federal Government for  tax breaks to the Trump administration. He said today big league tax  breaks for the wealthy, big league tax breaks for businesses. Great.  This is the plan that if you kicked it in the heart you would break  your toe. What about ordinary people? What about the people who need  help?   Martin Luther King, Jr., said: Of all forms of inequality, injustice  in health care is the most shocking. You cannot work if you are ill,  you cannot learn if you are sick, you cannot be secure if you are  constantly worried that medical bills can wipe out your entire savings.  These clearly are not concerns for Tom Price, who has a legislative  history that has repeatedly favored wealthy individuals and  corporations over the health of the majority of Americans.   Congressman Tom Price championed legislation that would eliminate  young adults' ability to stay on their parents plan until age 26.  Congressman Price trumpeted a plan that would let insurance reinstate  lifetime and annual limits on coverage and charge women more because of  their gender.   Tom Price would rip away the Affordable Care Act income-based  subsidies and instead offer inadequate tax credits that can be given to  a billionaire, not the middle-class, working-class, blue-collar  American.   If Tom Price had his way, he would implement a plan that would cause  health care premiums in individual markets to skyrocket, increasing  premiums for average Americans by 25 percent immediately and doubling  over the next 10 years. He wants to strip Planned Parenthood of all its  resources, and 2.5 million people would lose access to care in those  community clinics. If that happens, fewer mammograms, fewer prenatal  exams, fewer cancer screenings, and loss of all those vital services  would hit women of color and low-income women hardest. It would  increase health inequity and health disparity in our communities of  color.   Tom Price's assault on women's health doesn't end there. He has  proposed legislation that would allow health insurance companies to  charge women more than men. He has repeatedly cut and limited access to  family planning services. He does not believe that women should get  birth control with no out-of-pocket costs. He is an outspoken and  virulent opponent of reproductive health and would push women's  reproductive rights back to the 18th century. Good physical health and  reproductive freedom are critical to supporting women as productive  members of their households and our economy. We cannot allow Tom Price  to turn back the clock.   So this is the challenge. We have an administration committed to  increasing defense spending big time, increasing tax breaks to the  wealthiest and to corporations big time, and then promising to cut the  Federal budget by $10 trillion over the next 10 years. Well, where is  the money going to come from?   We know what they are targeting. They are targeting all these  programs that help those who need the help the most in our society. So  I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nomination of Congressman  Price. He is the wrong man at the wrong time for the wrong job. It just  doesn't match up, not with a 21st century strategy that we need to have  the healthiest population in the world to compete against our economic  rivals across the planet, and if for no other reason, just the moral  obligation we have to make sure families are not desperate when their  loved ones are hurting.   I thank you for giving me the opportunity to come out here at this  time, and I urge my colleagues to vote no on Congressman Price's  nomination.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   