 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to President  Trump's nomination of Congressman Tom Price for the Department of  Health and Human Services. The Department he has been picked to lead is  charged with protecting the health of all Americans, from safeguarding  Medicare and nursing home care for seniors to investing in medical  research and supporting public health programs, such as lead poisoning  prevention and youth suicide prevention.   Unfortunately, Congressman Price has demonstrated over the last  decade in Congress that he is unwilling or unfit or both to protect  these critical health programs. In his role as chairman of the House  Budget Committee, Congressman Price has offered plans to repeal the  Affordable Care Act and turn Medicare into a privatized voucher  program. This is the opposite of protecting the safety net programs for  our most vulnerable citizens.   Time and again, Congressman Price has proved that he favors corporate  interests over patients, which has raised ethics concerns. For these  reasons, I will oppose his nomination.   First, I would like to talk about the Affordable Care Act. About a  month ago, I was here talking to my colleagues on the floor about the  impact of the ACA in my home State of Rhode Island and the consequences  of repeal. In short, repeal of the ACA would be catastrophic in Rhode  Island and across the country. Yet Congressman Price has led the  efforts in the House of Representatives to repeal the ACA without any  replacement. In fact, he is the architect of legislation to do just  that.   The uninsured rate today is at its lowest point in recent history.  That holds true in my State of Rhode Island. The uninsured rate there  has fallen from nearly 12 percent to under 4.5 percent. That translates  to over 100,000 Rhode Islanders who have gained coverage because of the  ACA.   While it is not the case in every State, in Rhode Island insurance  rates have dropped. In fact, consumers in Rhode Island have saved $220  million since 2012.   We cannot go back to a system that allows private insurers to deny  coverage for preexisting conditions or  [[Page S1062]]  charge more to those who need insurance the most. By contrast,  Congressman Price opposes the preexisting conditions ban, one of the  most popular provisions of the ACA.   His plan would allow insurance companies to deny coverage or to  charge more to those with preexisting conditions, older Americans, and  women. He has also proposed getting rid of the essential benefits  package in the ACA. These protections require insurance companies to  cover things like prescriptions drugs, maternity care, pediatric  services, and mental health care. These are really things that any  basic health coverage should include, yet Congressman Price has  advocated taking away these consumer protections.   Stop and think about that. Congressman Price does not think that  health insurance should cover pregnancy, for example. I mean, we are  not really talking about extravagant services. These are the services  that a reasonable person would expect their health insurance to cover.  In fact, Congressman Price's plan, the Republican plan to repeal the  ACA, would mean that nearly half a million Rhode Islanders with  preexisting conditions--that is nearly half the population of my  State--could be denied coverage or charged more. Those who might still  be able to get coverage would quickly find that it does not cover that  much.   These consumer protections that are embedded in the ACA affect  everyone, not just those who have coverage because of the ACA. Before  the ACA, the Affordable Care Act, insurance plans, including coverage  through your employer, could impose annual or lifetime limits on  coverage, meaning coverage could end just when you need it most. With  Congressman Price in charge, if he has his way, we will see a return of  these limits, even for employer-sponsored health plans.   The nominee's stance on the Affordable Care Act is not my only worry  because when it comes to Medicare and Medicaid, benefits that Americans  have worked hard to earn and to fund, Congressman Price's views are far  outside the mainstream.   Medicare is one of the great success stories in expanding access to  care and keeping seniors out of poverty. Since the passage of Medicare  in 1965, we have seen significant decreases in the numbers of seniors  living in poverty, and this is largely because of Medicare and, of  course, Social Security, another critical safety net program for  seniors. I believe that Medicare is essential for the quality of life  of Rhode Island's seniors and for seniors across the country.   In fact, I supported the ACA because it made key improvements to  Medicare that strengthened its long-time solvency and increased  benefits, such as closing the prescription doughnut hole and  eliminating cost sharing for preventive services, such as cancer  screenings.   Over 15,000 Rhode Islanders saved $14 million on prescriptions drugs  in 2015, an average of $912 per beneficiary. In the same year, over  92,000 Rhode Islanders took advantage of free preventive services,  representing over 76 percent of beneficiaries. We see these benefits  because of the Affordable Care Act.   Repealing the Affordable Care Act, as advocated by the Congressman,  means repealing these benefits for seniors and shortening the life of  the Medicare trust fund by over a decade. What is worse is that  Congressman Price not only wants to repeal the ACA and the Medicare  benefits that come with it, but he has also advocated for privatizing  Medicare, turning it into a voucher-based program, as well as raising  the eligibility age.   Simply put, this would end Medicare as we know it. Millions of  Americans, including over 200,000 Rhode Islanders, have paid into the  system, counting on the benefits that they have earned and worked their  entire life for. Under Congressman Price's plan, Republicans would  shift more costs to seniors who have played by the rules and planned  for retirement with quality Medicare coverage.   Congressman Price and Congressional Republicans will tell you that  they are trying to cut costs under the banner of trying to save  Medicare. If that is the Republican standard, then why do they oppose  the ACA which actually improved Medicare services, cut costs, and  extended Medicare solvency? That seems to be a pattern with many on the  other side: Act very serious and concerned about Medicare's finances,  but then make every effort to demonize and roll back these  improvements.   In fact, Medicare spent $453 billion less from 2009 to 2014 than it  expected under growth trends prior to the ACA, all while increasing  benefits like free preventive care and better prescription drug  coverage and adding over a decade of solvency to the Medicare trust  fund. The projected cost--the best projections were actually lowered by  the ACA while benefits were increased. This talk of supposedly saving  Medicare is really, in my view, a ruse to make draconian cuts to free  up more Federal funding for things like tax breaks for the wealthy. We  cannot allow Republicans under Congressman Price's leadership to go  back on the Medicare guarantee we have made to seniors that we  represent all across this country.   Congressman Price has also made a number of troubling statements  about Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP.  First, repeal of the ACA would have a disastrous effect on State  Medicaid programs, kicking 11 million Americans off their health  insurance, including 70,000 Rhode Islanders.   However, this is not enough for Congressman Price. He has offered  legislation to cut Medicaid even further, to the tune of $1 trillion,  by turning Medicaid into a Block Grant Program.   I think my colleagues should really consider how this would impact  their States. Including those newly insured by the ACA, Medicaid covers  74 million Americans. Who makes up this population? Well, half of the  Medicaid enrollees are children.   Medicaid also pays for half the births in this country.   These are staggering numbers. In Rhode Island, one in four children  is covered by Medicaid or CHIP, and one in two people with disabilities  is covered by Medicaid.   While Medicaid was initially designed to help low-income families,  seniors now account for approximately half of Medicaid's spending  nationwide. Nearly 60 percent of nursing home residents are covered by  Medicaid across the country, and that holds true in my State of Rhode  Island.   Many of these people are our neighbors, our friends. They have been  working all their lives, and they have qualified for this coverage  because they have been able to move some of their assets out of their  ownership because our rules don't recognize retirement accounts. So  these are our neighbors.   When Congressman Price talks about turning Medicaid into a block  grant program, every Member of this Chamber has to stop to realize that  there is no way to cut Medicaid by trillions of dollars without harming  children and seniors and placing each of our States in a very difficult  position because they, too, contribute to Medicaid; because they have a  responsibility to children and seniors for health care; because they do  also help support nursing home, nursing facilities for seniors and the  disabled. And they would be in a disastrous situation.   Now, all of these are, I believe, reason enough to oppose Congressman  Price's nomination. However--and I alluded to this earlier, and Senator  Wyden went into great detail--Congressman Price has a history of  conflicts of interest, such as investments in the very issues and  companies he worked on, as a Member of Congress.   Congressman Price traded hundreds of thousands of dollars in health  care pharmaceutical stocks, all the while advocating for regulation  legislation that would financially benefit these very companies. Again,  Senator Wyden has made a very detailed and very persuasive case in this  regard.   In fact, as Senator Wyden has pointed out, after receiving  information from a fellow Congressman and now a member of President  Trump's transition team, Congressman Price was one of a small group who  was offered the chance to purchase stock in a biomedical group at a  discounted price.   Now, Democrats are not going to have the opportunity to fully examine  these issues. I find the examples we do have to be deeply concerning.  The very articulate, eloquent, and detailed--exhaustively detailed-- statement by Senator Wyden adds further credence to this presumption.  [[Page S1063]]    This is a very disconcerting pattern of behavior. Indeed, I believe  this pattern of behavior warrants further investigation, but those  requests have been denied by the Republican majority. These allegations  are now even more concerning because of the need for further  investigation, but those requests have been denied by the Republican  majority. These allegations are even now more concerning because  Congressman Price is being considered for the top role in this  administration in charge of protecting the health of all Americans and,  indeed, affecting the corporate situation of thousands of companies  throughout this land that he may or may not have a financial interest  in.   Now I have heard from hundreds of Rhode Islanders who have expressed  these concerns to me, from his support for the efforts to repeal the  ACA and cut Medicaid and Medicare to his questionable investments. I  agree with them.   As such, I am unable to support Congressman Price's nomination for  Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and I would  urge others to look very carefully at the record, carefully at the  advocacy for the elimination, basically, of Medicare as we know it, of  block-granting Medicaid, which would harm children and seniors and put  excruciating financial pressure on every State in this country, and his  own behavior with respect to personal investments.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   