 Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to acknowledge the  chairman of the Appropriations Committee (Mr. Frelinghuysen). Under his  leadership, the committee reported and the whole House considered and  passed all 12 appropriation bills for fiscal year 2018. This year is  the first time since 2010 that the House passed all 12 appropriations  bills.   I would hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would  listen for just a minute.   In 2010, the Democrats controlled both the House, the Senate, and the  White House.   Guess what. They passed all of the appropriations bills on time.   But you know what they also did?   They passed a CR until December 19. When they hadn't completed their  work yet, even though they had passed all 12 appropriations bills in  the House, they passed another CR until December 22. When they hadn't  completed their work, guess what. They passed another CR until January.   Then, when we took the majority, we ended up finishing the  appropriations process. So their outrage now is a little bit misplaced.   Now we need to finish the final details with our colleagues in the  Senate, and we must do this to ensure that the government stays open.   Continuing resolutions at this time or of any length are not anyone's  ideal solution to funding our government. Ideally, all 12  appropriations bills would be enacted by October 1. That process  provides the Congress with its best opportunity to set priorities  across government programs, and it provides the most stability for  agencies to carry out these programs in an efficient and effective  manner.   But when we need more time to complete those negotiations, supporting  a CR to keep our government functioning is the only responsible vote  for national security, for our economy, and for the general welfare of  the American people.   As chairman of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I am very familiar with the positive impacts the Federal  Government has in each of these areas. Whether it is the Department of  Energy maintaining our nuclear weapons stockpile, the Corps of  Engineers dredging our ports and waterways so that goods and materials  can move freely, or the Bureau of Reclamation providing tens of  millions of people with water, we must avoid disruptions to these vital  activities by passing this continuing resolution before us today.   Will we get all our work done by December 22?   I don't know.   But one thing I can guarantee is that we will not get it done by  tomorrow, and a vote against this resolution is a vote to shut down the  government. So if my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to  shut down the government, all they have to do is vote ``no.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   