 Madam President, Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and  Mary Jackson shared a combined 95 years of experience in the field of  aeronautics and space exploration. Katherine Johnson worked as an  aerospace technologist from 1953 until she retired in 1986. Dorothy  Vaughan worked as a mathematician and programmer from 1943 until her  retirement in 1971. Mary Jackson also worked as a computer and an  engineer from 1951 until her retirement in 1985. Over the course of  their careers at NASA, Johnson, Vaughan, and Jackson coauthored more  than three dozen scientific papers.   In her role as a ``computer,'' Katherine Johnson calculated the  trajectory for Alan Shepard, the first American in space. Even after  NASA began calculating trajectories with electronic computers, John  Glenn personally requested that Johnson recheck those calculations  before the Friendship Seven flight in which he became the first  American to orbit the Earth. ``If she says they're good, then I'm ready  to go,'' Glenn said during the preflight check, and once he got the  word from Katherine Johnson, Friendship Seven roared off a launch pad  and into American history. Katharine Jackson later would play key roles  in the success of America's Apollo and space shuttle programs.   Dorothy Vaughan left her job as a math teacher at Prince Edward  County, Virginia's segregated Moton High School in 1943 for what she  thought would be a temporary job with the agency that would later  become NASA. Vaughan became NASA's first African-American manager in  1949 and the first African-American supervisor at the fledgling space  agency. When NASA  [[Page S1091]]  transitioned to electronic computing, Vaughan transitioned with it,  becoming an expert FORTRAN programmer and training others within her  department on the early computer programming language.   Mary Jackson was first hired at NASA by Dorothy Vaughan, and after 2  years in the segregated computing pool, she was provided an opportunity  to work with internationally recognized engineers in Langley's wind  tunnels. That exposure led to her interest in engineering, and she  successfully petitioned Hampton City Council for permission to enroll  in graduate level coursework offered only at night and only at the  then-segregated Hampton High School. Not only did she successfully  complete the coursework, Mary Jackson became NASA's first Black female  engineer in 1958. Twenty years later, she would cap her career by  working to further improve hiring and promotion opportunities for women  across the entire space agency.   