 Mr. President, the last time Congress really did the  big job that is before us right now was 1986. It did quite a bit to  modernize the Tax Code. That was 30 years ago. In the generation since,  the Tax Code has grown out of control. Everybody knows that. It has  been a dream come true for accountants and lobbyists who make their  living from certain provisions of that Tax Code. But for the American  taxpayer, the gigantic Tax Code is not a dream, but a nightmare for  most Americans.  [[Page S7141]]    This has helped the powerful and the well connected, but it has hurt  American workers. It has hurt American industry, and it hurts America's  ability to compete with the rest of the world.   The bill unveiled today takes a giant step forward to make our Tax  Code simpler, fairer, and more competitive. It catches us up with our  major trading partners, who have been lowering business tax rates while  we stood still, and it keeps us uncompetitive. It will give us an  opportunity to export more when we are competitive in the global  economy.   This bill will also help bring back jobs and create new ones. It will  boost American wages by promoting economic growth and incentivizing  investment.   The centerpiece of the legislation is where it ought to be--in the  center of our population, middle-class America, so it has middle-class  tax cuts. The average middle-class family of four would see a tax cut  of more than $1,400 and an increase in the child tax credit of $650-- above the $1,000 that is already there per child, which would mean real  help for working parents.   Nearly doubling the standard deduction means that many lower income  Americans will be removed from the tax rolls completely, and the tax  filing season will be much simpler for millions more.   Small businesses will also see significant tax relief from the rate  reduction on the individual side but also from an innovative, new small  business income tax deduction. Two-thirds of the jobs in this country  are created by those very same small businesses, and we ought to give  them some better equity with big C corporations.   It will provide much needed tax relief to nearly all small  businesses, down to the smallest family-owned corner store and family  farmer.   Our bill recognizes the importance of small businesses in our  economy. After all, as I just said, they are responsible for a majority  of those new jobs. The tax savings they receive could be spent on a new  hire. It could be spent on giving raises to employees in those same  small businesses. It could be invested in a growing company. All of  this adds up to Americans seeing more ``Now Hiring'' signs throughout  our country.   Landmark tax relief during the Kennedy and Reagan administrations  grew wages, created jobs, and made the United States more competitive,  so there is enough history behind what we are trying to do to know that  it will accomplish the goals we are trying to accomplish.   Today, Congress has a golden opportunity to do, again, what was done  in Kennedy and the Reagan years, and it has not been done for 30 years:  tax cuts, tax simplification, and tax reform.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I join my colleague, the ranking member  of the Rules Committee, as she seeks unanimous consent to adopt our  antiharassment training resolution. It is closely modeled on a Senate  resolution I introduced 2 days ago with Senators Feinstein, Klobuchar,  Ernst, Gillibrand, and several other colleagues.   This resolution's adoption marks the first time that this Chamber  requires sexual harassment training for all Senators, staff, interns,  and fellows.   I wrote legislation on this topic after contacting the Rules  Committee chairman last week to urge that everyone in this Chamber  receive antiharassment training. This measure's passage with the Rules  Committee chairman's support, just days after I called for the Rules  Committee to institute a harassment training requirement for this  chamber, is a sign of the wonderful things we can accomplish when we  work together in a bipartisan way.   More than two decades ago, I sponsored the Congressional  Accountability Act as a sign of our commitment to promoting fairness in  the workplace. This 1995 statute requires Congress to follow the same  civil rights, labor, workplace safety, and health laws to which other  employers are subject.   It is certainly time for us to make antiharassment training  mandatory, but we also may want to revisit the statute to ensure that  it is working as intended. According to the Washington Post, over 1,000  former staff have contacted Congress in the last week to urge that we  revisit policies relating to sexual harassment, and I am fully  committed to doing so.   The resolution we have developed would ensure that the Rules  Committee has the authority necessary to ensure that every Member of  this Chamber, every employee on the Senate payroll, and every unpaid  Senate intern receives antiharassment training.   All of us work hard to ensure that our offices are professional, free  of harassment, and places where merit is rewarded, but I think we have  to acknowledge that in our society, despite our best efforts and  intentions, sexual harassment remains a serious problem. We must work  together to make sure that the Senate remains free from harassment.   It is important for every Senate office to have a consistent stance  on this particular issue. Every office should receive the same training  so the Senate maintains a culture in which harassment is not tolerated.  This is a common interest we all share. The voters who sent us here  expect the best. We owe it to the American people to hold ourselves and  our employees to the highest standards of conduct and professionalism.   I will close by again thanking Senators Klobuchar, Feinstein, Ernst,  and others for working so closely with me on the measure's development.  I also want to take this opportunity to thank the staff of the Senate  Chief Counsel for Employment and the Office on Compliance, who worked  with our offices on draft after draft of this resolution. Finally, I  want to thank our other cosponsors, including our majority leader and  minority leader. I urge my colleagues to embrace a sensible approach to  preventing sexual harassment by supporting its immediate adoption.   