 Madam President, last week, the Trump administration  took a very important step, the step to end the war on coal and the war  on American energy. The Environmental Protection Agency has said that  it has begun the formal process to roll back the Obama administration's  so-called Clean Power Plan. This plan was a cornerstone of the  Democratic efforts to destroy the reliable forms of energy that the  American public continues to use today.   My goal is to make energy as clean as we can as fast as we can  without raising costs on American families. The Trump administration  wants exactly the same thing. The steps it announced last week will  help provide greater energy security, more jobs, and a stronger  economy. This is exactly what President Trump promised he would do. It  is exactly what the American people voted for last November.   Americans said that they were tired of Washington's out-of-control  regulators. President Trump took action right away. He issued an  Executive order in March, telling his administration to go back and  review some of President Obama's worst energy regulations. One of those  was the Clean Power Plan, which tried to regulate powerplants in a way  that wasn't even allowed under the Clean Air Act.   President Trump's Executive order was the first step in correcting  this bureaucratic overreach. Last week's announcement by the  Environmental Protection Agency was the next step. With this move, the  Agency is saying that Washington will no longer trample on the law. It  tells the rest of Washington that there are limits. So I applaud  President Trump and Scott Pruitt, the Administrator of the EPA.   The Agency was created because America needed to do a better job of  making sure we had clean air, clean land, and clean water. There is a  right way to do this job. For a long time, the Agency did its job well.  We can strike and need to strike the right balance. We need to do that  again so we can protect our environment while allowing our economy to  grow. We can have reasonable regulations that protect Americans while  also respecting the law.   My home State of Wyoming is one of the most pristine, beautiful  places in the world, and it is one of the most energy-rich places in  the world. Wyoming has struck this balance successfully, and so have  many other States. We are addressing threats to our environment through  the cooperation of States, towns, Indian Tribes, and Washington.  [[Page S6505]]    The Environmental Protection Agency did not get the balance right  with its Clean Power Plan. It overstepped its bounds to fulfill a  political agenda. In 2008, when Barack Obama was running for President,  he said that under his policies, ``If somebody wants to build a coal- fired power plant, they can.'' But he went on to say, ``It's just that  it will bankrupt them.''   Bankrupt them. Once he got into office, he did everything he could to  keep that promise and to bankrupt as many coal companies as possible.  The Obama administration pushed out unnecessary, unlawful regulations  on coal producers, powerplants, and their customers.   Look at the difference between the two Presidents. President Obama  promised to bankrupt American energy producers, and then he misused his  power in order to do it. President Trump promised to promote American  energy security and economic growth, and he is following the law to do  that.   The law never gave the Environmental Protection Agency the authority  to write its Clean Power Plan. The Agency went ahead and did it anyway.  That is why States sued the Federal Government to block this  destructive bureaucratic overreach. States knew--people knew that the  Environmental Protection Agency had written a dangerous regulation that  would shut down American powerplants and would raise energy costs for  American families. Their rule would have thrown thousands of people out  of work in Wyoming and in other States. It would have led to as much as  $33 billion in compliance costs in the year 2030. That is what the  Agency estimated--$33 billion in compliance costs.   Last year, the Supreme Court decided that this rule could do so much  damage that the Court stopped President Obama in his tracks. Last week,  the Agency recognized that there is a better way. It is going through  the process to set aside the old rule and take a fresh look at what it  could or should do legally. It said that any regulation of these  powerplants is going to be done the way every new regulation should be  done. That means listening to the people who have the most at stake,  like the States and communities affected by these regulations. It is  especially true in places like Wyoming, where there are already  partnerships in place that could accomplish many of the goals of the  new rules. It means that Washington should consider the costs as well  as the benefits of regulation, and it should use reasonable estimates  about both the costs and the benefits.   In 2015, the Supreme Court criticized the Obama administration for  another rule that made this same mistake. The Court said that it is not  ``rational, never mind appropriate, to impose billions of dollars in  economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental  benefits.''   If Washington is going to write regulations the way they should be  done, this means acting rationally, and it means following the law.   The Clean Air Act didn't give the Environmental Protection Agency the  authority to write its so-called Clean Power Plan. That should have  stopped the regulators right there and then. It should not have been a  sign for regulators to interpret the law in a brandnew way that  Congress never intended. That is what the Obama administration did  anyway.   If Washington does regulations right, that means doing them in a way  that provides clarity, not confusion, not more questions. It means  doing what is best for America, not just what is the preference of the  people writing the regulations.   We are blessed in this country with enormous natural resources. Our  goal should be to use these resources responsibly, in ways that protect  our environment and help to make our economy grow. We need a strong  economy. That is what the American people are looking for.   Over the 8 years of the Obama administration, the leaders of the EPA  created broad and legally questionable new regulations. They declared a  war on coal, and a war on American energy. Under the Trump  administration, the war is over, and America is back on the right  track.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   