 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to extend debate by  30 seconds.    Mr. President, I rise in support of this amendment.   This would correct a great defect in our Tax Code--the parent tax  penalty. We have been punishing parents for decades because of the way  our Federal tax system and our senior entitlement programs--Social  Security and Medicare--interact. We have to end this tyranny and end  this now. This amendment does that, and I urge my colleagues to support  it.    Mr. President, I am offering amendment No. 1430 to repeal  ObamaCare regulations that are wreaking havoc on our health insurance  market. Healthcare costs are rising dramatically, unsustainably, and  unaffordably.   Healthcare costs are rising as a result of ObamaCare's despotic  regime of aggressive healthcare regulations. Countless working families  are treading water just to try to stay afloat. A good chunk of these  costs also can be pinned directly on the burdensome ObamaCare  regulations.   According to one HHS study, ObamaCare regulations caused premiums in  the individual market to spike an astounding 105 percent, and a study  by Milliman showed that the guaranteed issue regulation alone caused  health insurance premiums to rise by an average of 45 percent. This  amounts to $106 per month. That is thousands of dollars per year for  working families. That is money that they could be spending on  groceries, on housing, on braces, or on their child's education.   Congress has done very little in the last few years to alleviate the  burdens faced by these working class families. I urge my colleagues to  act now by supporting this amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10  seconds.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I am offering this amendment to pay back  western communities for the loss that occurs to them as a result of the  widespread ownership of Federal public land.   As I have long stressed, Federal land is often a bad bargain for  State and local governments, like those in Utah, where almost two- thirds of the land is owned and controlled by the Federal Government,  thus prohibiting local governments from taxing that land. Not only does  Federal ownership reduce economic opportunity on that land, not only  does it rob local residents of local control, but it also shrinks the  property tax base that Utahns rely on to fund essential community  services.   The Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program, or PILT, was designed to  address this very inequity by paying States for the property tax  revenue they lost as a result of Federal land ownership, but the  current formula for PILT does not adequately compensate local  governments for this loss. In fact, it doesn't even come close. My  amendment offers these predominantly rural communities a revisited,  revised, and improved PILT formula to compensate them for these very  losses.   I encourage my colleagues to support it, and I request a voice vote.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, our constitutional structure puts in place a  Federal Government with powers that James Madison described as ``few  and defined'' and those reserved to the States as ``numerous and  indefinite.'' Among other things, the Constitution gives powers to the  Congress to regulate interstate commerce, trade or commerce between the  States, with foreign nations, and with Indian Tribes. It does not give  the Congress the power to regulate any and every activity occurring  intrastate. Yet, for the last few decades, under the Endangered Species  Act, this very power has been abused to regulate species that exists  only in one place, only within one State, never crossing State lines,  never forming any part of any channel or instrumentality of interstate  commerce. This is wrong, it is unconstitutional, and it eviscerates and  circumvents the meaning of the 10th Amendment. We need to liberate this  country from the dictates of a few bureaucrats in Washington, DC, who  have overextended their authority under the Endangered Species Act. My  amendment fixes that, and I urge my colleagues to support amendment No.  1429.  [[Page S6628]]     Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   