 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, in June, the House passed H.R. 10, the  Financial CHOICE Act, with overwhelming support.   Section 713 of the Financial CHOICE Act contained language to subject  the CFPB to the annual congressional appropriations process.   Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB is funded out of the earnings of  the Federal Reserve system. In order to obtain funding, the Director  need only submit a letter to the Board of Governors and Federal Reserve  each quarter certifying the amounts of funds determined by the Director  to be reasonably necessary for carrying out the authorities of the  Bureau. The Federal Reserve then transfers the stated amount to the  Bureau for operations.   Basically, the Federal Reserve serves purely as an ATM machine for  the CFPB, and neither Congress nor the President has the ability to  have any input into the Bureau's funding or oversight of whether that  funding is spent effectively.   The Bureau's funding is, therefore, different from other regulators  that police markets for force and fraud, including the Federal Trade  Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Consumer Product  Safety Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and all those  which are funded principally through congressional appropriations.   To return to a constitutional structure and create agency  accountability, Congress must reclaim its power of the purse over the  most potent tools the Constitution gives Congress for conducting  oversight of Federal agencies and implementing the real reforms. There  can be no consent of the governed if the American people, through their  democratically elected Representatives, have no say in how their  government spends their hard-earned dollars.   To reassert Congress' power of the purse, the Financial CHOICE Act  calls for all the Federal financial regulatory agencies, including the  CLEA and FSOC, to be funded through the congressional appropriations  process, ensuring that these agencies use their funding effectively and  transparently to fulfill their mission of protecting consumers and  investors.   Like other executive branch agencies and other regulators that police  the markets, the CFPB will have the chance to justify its expenditures  to Congress as a part of the appropriations process. Congress  can continue to fund programs that provide value to consumers and can  stop funding programs that are mired in waste, fraud, and abuse. This  is a basic accountability measure, no more, no less.    It seems my good colleague across the aisle is fearful that we may do  something to harm that ability. He is afraid of providing  accountability for those dollars. That is our basic function and it is  our responsibility. We must not miss this opportunity to reestablish  separation of powers and restore the constitutional governance to the  administrative state.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Graves), chair of the Financial Services and General  Government Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left.    Mr. Chairman, just to close, I would encourage all  the Members to oppose the amendment. It is curious why we have someone  here who is fighting the ability of Congress to do its job to provide  oversight. So I ask the question: Are we fearful of somebody looking  over the shoulder of CFPB? Why? What are they hiding? What are they not  doing? What should we be worried about? I think, more than ever, we  need to be looking over their shoulder.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, it is interesting, some of the debate  we are having here this afternoon. We are picking around on the edges  of some things and don't really understand the unintended consequences  of what we are trying to do here.   The amendment that is here, to try to change the definitions of what  a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage to facilitate access to  credit for purchasing manufactured homes, is going to do just the  opposite of what the gentleman is trying to do.   Do you realize that the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Pearce), in  his district, he has testified in our committee that over 50 percent of  the people in his district live in manufactured homes. This is not a  little bitty problem of half a dozen people living over on the side.  This is a major source of housing for many people.   I can tell you, I have got a story right here from a banker in  southeast Missouri who had an individual who has several disabilities,  was a very honest man, wanted to come in and take care of a dental  problem that he had, and his only collateral was a truck and his  manufactured home.   He wanted to make the loan on the manufactured home because he could  stretch out the payments and do it at a less interest rate, but he  couldn't do that. Why? Because the way the law is  [[Page H7349]]  structured, he had to do it on his car loan, and, as a result, it  really strained and put difficulties in the way of--put barriers in the  way of this individual. So I certainly am opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, in June, the House passed H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE  Act, with overwhelming support. Section 733 of the Financial CHOICE Act  contained language to remove the CFPB's authority to regulate small- dollar credit.   Federalizing payday loan regulation is unnecessary and harms  consumers. The legislatures of several States have determined the  respective short-term small-dollar lending solutions that work for  their constituents. No State is without small-dollar short-term lending  laws and regulation of some kind.   Congress has an obligation not to suspend the Democratic process in  the States by delegating to the CFPB Director the authority to impose  one unelected man's view on all Americans.   Small-dollar and payday loan products are an unfortunate necessity  for many unbanked and underbanked Americans.   What is the APR for losing a job, Mr. Chairman? What is the APR for  getting evicted and having your utilities shut off? What is the  opportunity cost for struggling Americans no longer having access to  this vital lifeline?   Removing the option to utilize a small-dollar short-term loan is  likely  [[Page H7350]]  to have a very real and very harmful impact on a consumer, forcing them  to miss bill payments, shift to the alternative, potential legal  options, or exacerbating any number of other conceivable financial  emergencies that could arise.   Mr. Chairman, I believe the best way to improve products is to  promote competition and offering them, not ban them. The Financial  CHOICE Act ensures that the market, not the regulators, is responsible  for determining product viability in the marketplace.   Mr. Chairman, CFPB's own study showed that their regulation was going  to drive out of business 85 percent of the small-dollar lenders, and  they still went ahead. They don't care. They intend to restrict credit  to these very people that need the credit.   An FDIC 2015 study shows that 25 percent of the people in this  country are either unbanked or underbanked.    How do we solve that problem? How do those folks have access to  credit?   The CFPB is not trying to regulate. They are trying to destroy the  small-dollar lending market.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Graves), the distinguished chairman of the Financial  Services and General Government Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, this is really frustrating to me from the standpoint  that just a minute ago I gave the figure of 25 percent of our people  are either unbanked or underbanked. My good colleague across the aisle  said he is not worried that people who are unbanked can't have access  to payday lending or short-term lending, and that is just not accurate.  That is, quite frankly, in many instances, where people get their  credit started. They go to someplace like this because they have a job.   You can't get a payday loan or a small-dollar loan like this unless  you have a job. They take the stub of their paycheck and they can go in  and say, I have got a job. From there, they are able to then start  paying back whatever the loan is that they take out.   I have in front of me also a whole list of groups of folks and  individuals here who have utilized short-term small-dollar programs.   Here is Michelle from Fulton, Missouri, in my own district. She says:  My frustration to loan access today is that my 20-year-old daughter,  who has a full-time, decent-paying job, cannot get a loan to buy her  first vehicle. She isn't even able to get a credit card, which you used  to be able to just apply for and you would get it. It is a catch-22:  you need credit to get credit. But nobody will give you credit to begin  with.   This is an opportunity for a lot of people to get their foot in the  door to get credit established and, if you have bad credit, to  reestablish good credit. And it also helps people to take care of--and  I have another whole bunch of stories here about a young man who needed  to get a car loan to get his car fixed, as the gentleman from Minnesota  indicated.   So, again, Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentleman's amendment, and I  ask everybody else to do so as well.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes a provision that subjects the  National Credit Union Administration to the annual congressional  appropriations process.   My point this afternoon is that Congress must restore its power of  the purse, one of the most potent tools the Constitution gives Congress  for conducting oversight of Federal agencies and implementing reforms.  There can be no consent of the governed if the American people, through  their democratically elected representatives have no say in how their  government spends their hard-earned dollars.   We must not miss the opportunity to reestablish separation of powers  and restore Article I authority, which Congress has given away in so  many instances that the administration now has more power than the  legislative branch.   The NCUA is a prime example of why it is time to reassert Congress'  power of the purse. Accountability and transparency was so lacking  under former Chairman Debbie Matz' tenure that, over the course of her  tenure, the NCUA budget increased each year, in some cases by double- digit percentages. The Financial Services Committee, in fact, was  forced to hold a public hearing during the 114th Congress.   NCUA should not be singled out to avoid accountability to Congress.  The CHOICE Act, which was passed by the House with overwhelming  support--and the Congressman from Nevada's support as well--subjects  all Federal financial regulators to the same congressional  appropriations process, including NCUA. There is no reason to single  out the NCUA for different treatment from all other regulators, all of  whom the House has already voted on to put on appropriations just 3  months ago.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   