 Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the distinguished  gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, Dr. Michael Burgess, who serves  several roles in this House of Representatives. First of all, he is  chairman of the Subcommittee on Health for the Energy and Commerce  Committee--actually, his favorite committee--and then his duties at the  Rules Committee, and Mike has spent a good number of years in service  to the entire body. I want to thank Dr. Burgess for his personally  handling not only this matter, but bringing to Congress a really strong  attitude that he has about children.   Dr. Burgess, for a number of years since his early days in Parkland  Hospital in Dallas, Texas, as a resident and then becoming an  obstetrician-gynecologist who served not only the Dallas area,  thousands of people, but he brought to that a love of children, women,  and families to give precious life to the United States of America, I  want to thank him for his healthy child bill that he brought to the  Energy and Commerce Committee.   Mr. Speaker, let me say this. The gentlewoman from New York, the  ranking member of the Rules Committee, and the entire committee  yesterday spent a great deal of time not only looking at this  particular bill, but other very germane issues related to healthcare.  My colleagues, including  [[Page H8405]]  the gentlewoman from New York, really have the best heart in this. I  believe this is an issue where we agree. We agree that children's  health is not only an important part of what Congress should be  involved in but, actually, resolving the issues.   She is very correct. Several weeks ago it was brought up in the Rules  Committee the timeliness of this issue, the appropriateness of the  Rules Committee handling this bill to get it to the floor so that we  would allow not only the American people to understand what we were  doing, but, really, to put it in play so that this could be handled by  the United States Senate and the President.   I want to congratulate my colleagues. I think that my colleagues, to  a person, understand the importance of this--and certainly Mike  Burgess' leadership at Energy and Commerce Committee--but also the  Rules Committee. So reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance  Program, or CHIP, as it is known, is vitally important. It is important  because there are some 400,000 children in Texas, alone, where Chairman  Burgess and I live.   We see not only families, but we see the healthcare community. We see  other elected officials and just normal people at home who expect us to  get our work done. We are today. In fact, we are not only getting it  done, but, as Chairman Burgess has talked about and even as the  gentlewoman, Ms. Slaughter, has talked about, there will be States at  the end of November that will be running on fumes, be running on empty,  and a good number of States are funded until probably February or  March. But that is not a reason for us to delay.   So we are here, respectfully, to ask the entire body, Republicans and  Democrats, and also to let the American people know that the Children's  Health Insurance Program, through the efforts of Mike Burgess and  through the efforts of Greg Walden as chairman of the committee, who  have worked very diligently to make sure that it not only comes to the  floor, but that the new nuances of the bill that will include many,  many good bipartisan ideas will be offset, and it will be offset. We  are going to have to make sure as we move forward that those are  careful instructions that we all understand.   But the bottom line to this is, Mr. Speaker, this Congress, because  of the bipartisanship, because of the ability, because of the  importance of CHIP, is handling this today.   We are going to ask all Members if they did not have a chance to see  what I thought was a robust, distinguished panel that came to us  yesterday to talk about this, but also the thoughtful ideas from our  Members about the importance of this, I think we can convince this  body--this body, Republicans and Democrats--that the underlying  legislation helps secure for 5 more years--which is what the goal was,  5 more years--to make sure that we can move forward; and it gives  States the authority and the responsibility, gives the American people  confidence that what we are doing to take care of this issue has not  only been done, but presented in such a way that it will be successful.   That is our job, Mr. Speaker. Our job is to take the work that comes  from the committee of jurisdiction--in this case, the Energy and  Commerce Committee--and move that through, look at it, vet it, and make  sure the best ideas happen. I am pleased and proud to be here today.   