 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to this special  interest, tax breaks for the rich, trickle-down economics bill that  history shows doesn't work.   I want to start by thanking Senator Wyden from Oregon, the leader on  our side--the Finance Committee has done very good work--and Gideon  Bragin in my office who has been one of the tax reform experts in this  body. I want to thank both of them.   This bill should have been an opportunity for all of us to work  together to put money in the pockets of working  [[Page S8116]]  people. It is pretty simple. Instead of cutting taxes for the middle  class, though, Washington chose to cut taxes for millionaires and  corporations and pay for it by cutting Medicare and kicking people off  their health insurance.   It ought to be pretty simple. If we want to cut taxes--if we want to  talk about cutting taxes for the middle class--if we want to cut taxes  for the middle class, then let's pass a bill to cut taxes for the  middle class instead of giving the money to corporations and the  richest CEOs and relying on a bank shot, hoping it trickles down. Cut  out the middleman. That is what my colleagues claim to want. That is  what the President said to us and the country that he wanted, but that  is not what this bill does. This isn't a middle-class tax cut--not even  close.   According to the Tax Policy Center, 83 percent--you see a Monopoly  man here on this chart--83 percent of the benefits in this tax bill by  the end of the decade go to the wealthiest 1 percent in this country.  Imagine, 83 percent of the benefits go to the richest 1 percent of  people in this country. That is even worse than the Senate bill  passed--which wasn't that great--earlier this month. It was already  pretty bad. Sixty-two percent of the bill's benefits would have gone to  the top 1 percent of households by the end of the decade. Apparently,  62 percent wasn't good enough for the Republican members of the  conference committee. They thought 83 percent of the benefits--83  percent of the benefits--should go to the richest 1 percent in this  country, so the bill has actually gotten worse and worse and worse for  middle-class families.   How did the bill get this bad? It got this bad through massive,  permanent tax cuts for the wealthy, for so-called passthrough  businesses and corporations, which mostly benefit the richest people in  this country. It got this bad through paltry tax cuts for some middle- class families that expire after a few years.   Get this. The corporate tax cuts are permanent. They last forever.  The tax cuts for individuals, inadequate and immodest as they are,  expire after a few years. Gee, I wonder why they did that. It was  through a new way of calculating inflation called Chained CPI, which  will primarily hurt middle-class families. That doesn't even take into  account the millions of Americans--my colleague from Pennsylvania was  part of it; in the middle of the night they put a new provision in this  bill that will cost 13 million Americans their health insurance. So 13  million Americans will lose insurance under this bill.   All kinds of elected officials, all kinds of us in the House and  Senate have insurance paid for by taxpayers, and my colleagues are  willing to take insurance away from 13 million people, most of whom  have jobs. They don't have jobs that pay what we make. They don't have  health insurance like we have. They don't get pensions like we have.  They are making $8, $10, $12 an hour and can't afford insurance. We, as  privileged elected officials, are going to take insurance away from 13  million people, and at the same time it will raise insurance premiums  10 percent--not 10 percent over time, but 10 percent a year. If you are  paying $500 a month in insurance now, you will pay $550 the next year,  and you will pay more than $600 the following year.   It didn't have to be this way. Our door, as Democrats, has always  been open. Democrats represent half this country. Democrats wanted a  seat at the table and wanted to help write a bill. Let me illustrate.   A number of us in the Finance Committee in both parties, including my  colleague from Ohio, Senator Portman, and Senator Toomey, Senator  Wyden, and others, were invited to the White House to meet with the  President to talk about the tax reform bill. I presented the President  two bills I have been working on. One was the Patriot Corporation Act,  which was pretty simple. It says that if corporations do the right  thing--if they pay good wages, if they provide good health insurance  and pension benefits for their employees, and if they keep their  production in the United States of America--they get lower tax rates.   The other bill, called the Working Families Relief Act, is also  pretty simple. It puts money directly in the pockets of people making  $25,000, $50,000, and $75,000 a year. The President of the United  States looked at me and said: I like the Patriot Corporation Act, and I  like the Working Families Tax Relief Act.   After the hour-and-a-half meeting, which was witnessed by a dozen  Senators in both parties and a number of his Cabinet officials,  including Secretary Mnuchin in the Cabinet room at the White House, I  walked up to the President and said: Thank you for your interest. I  handed him and his chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn--whom I am proud  to say is from Cleveland--copies of the bill.   Then, something started to happen. Then the meetings started in Mitch  McConnell's office. For people who don't work here and live here and  see this, I would point out that down the hall, 100 feet, is Senator  McConnell's office. Pass the Ohio clock--that is my State; pass the  Ohio clock, and 100 feet down the hall is Senator McConnell's office.   The meetings started in Senator McConnell's office. The President of  the United States said that he liked the idea of the Patriot  Corporation Act, liked the idea of the Working Families Relief Act, but  then he turned it over to Senator McConnell. Do you know what happened?  Wall Street lobbyist after Wall Street lobbyist walked in that door and  out that door; tobacco lobbyist after tobacco lobbyist walked in that  door and out that door; oil company lobbyist after oil company lobbyist  walked in that door and out that door; drug company lobbyists from all  over the country walked in that door and out that door.   They walked in that door. They didn't literally carry bags of money  out that door after they made their points and made their pitches, but  they carried provisions in the tax bill that will make their employers  bags of money. They didn't carry bags of money themselves. That would  be uncouth. But they sure wrote provisions in this tax bill that  provide bags of money for their companies--for the tobacco companies,  for Wall Street, for the oil companies, for the drug companies.   Over and over and over, Republicans made clear--not that they would  pass the Patriot Corporation Act even though the President had said  that he liked it, not to pass legislation like the Working Families Tax  Relief Act even though the President had said that he liked it; they  made clear that they are benefiting one class of people--the wealthiest  Americans, corporate CEOs, board members, and stockholders who see  their profits rise and grow their businesses when they ship jobs  overseas.   Remember, we have said many times here as we have tried to end this  tax loophole that if you shut down production in Mansfield, OH, or you  shut down production in Hamilton or Zanesville or Chillicothe or Lima  and you move it overseas, you get a tax break. They open a factory  there and ship it back into the United States of America.   This bill didn't fix it. It didn't close that loophole. It didn't fix  that. It made it worse. It greased the skids for those companies to  shut down faster in Mansfield, Lima, Chillicothe, and Zanesville, OH,  and move their production overseas. They get bigger bonuses, they make  bigger profits, and they get bigger stock dividends.   Republican leaders like to claim that somehow, if you give a big  corporate tax increase, if you cut corporate taxes as this bill does,  about 40 percent, $4,000 would end up in the pockets of every working  man and woman in this country; workers would get a $4,000 raise. Of  course, nobody believed them, but that is what they said: They would  get a $4,000 raise.   Do you know why I know that is not true? Because history shows that  anytime they get big tax cuts, anytime they bring dollars from  overseas, the money doesn't go into employees' pockets. It doesn't  usually go to create jobs. It goes to give more benefits to the  executives.   The other reason I know that is not going to happen--that these  dollars will not go to employees and not go to investing in more jobs-- is that their corporate pals let the cat out of the bag and made clear  they won't. CEOs from the largest corporations, already on record,  state plainly that they are not raising wages; they are not going to  hire more workers.  [[Page S8117]]    What are they going to do with this windfall? I know this will come  as a shock. They are going to keep it for themselves.   Imagine, these CEOs in and out of Senator McConnell's office--the  drug companies, Wall Street, tobacco companies, oil companies, all the  others. Believe it or not, the CEOs of these corporations are already  making $8 million, $10 million, $12 million--some are making $20  million a year. That is not enough for them. Why would that possibly be  enough? If you are making only $20 million a year, you have to do  something to juice it a little bit, so they will keep that money for  themselves. They will do bigger bonuses, they will do stock buybacks,  and they will do dividends.   End this charade. I have heard all this happy talk on the floor about  how this is going to make Americans more competitive and how it will  trickle down to the middle class. If you want to do a middle-class tax  cut, do a middle-class tax cut. Don't bank-shot it. Don't take out the  middleman. Don't give it to corporations and say: Please, oh please, oh  please, give us a middle-class tax break. It never works that way.   Republican leaders had a chance to work across the aisle. I heard  Senator Toomey say that Democrats didn't want to be involved. I heard  Senator Cornyn say that Democrats didn't want to be involved. I like  those two gentlemen. I have worked particularly with Senator Cornyn on  a number of things. We are working on a couple of issues right now.  They know that is not true. They sat in that White House meeting. They  heard the President of the United States say to me and to Senator Casey  and to Senator McCaskill and to Senator Stabenow and to Senator Wyden  and to a couple others--they heard us offer reasonable proposals. The  President was agreeable. Many of them were part of his campaign.  Candidate Trump was saying a lot of these things during the campaign.  But then, lo and behold, they said: Democrats don't want to be a part  of this. Well, not exactly.   We had a bill to expand the child tax credit. We had a plan to reward  companies that create jobs here. All that got jettisoned down the hall  in Senator McConnell's office. Down this hall, down this hall in  Senator McConnell's office, 100 feet away, is where these deals were  cut--these deals with the drug companies and oil companies and tobacco  companies and Wall Street lobbyists going in and out of his office. I  didn't see all of them come out, but I am guessing they had really big  smiles on their faces.   These massive cuts for corporations come at a heavy price for the  middle class. When 1 percent gets richer and richer and richer, we know  the middle class shrinks. These massive cuts come at a heavy price.   This bill will explode the deficit. We know that. Even my colleagues  call themselves deficit hawks when there is a Democratic President, but  following the enforcer in chief, the Wall Street Journal editorial  page--they call themselves deficit hawks when there is a Democratic  President, but all of a sudden, they say: We will grow out of the  deficit.   We know this bill will explode the deficit. We know what the plan is  to deal with the deficit. Do you know what they will do? They will  steal the money Americans have paid into Social Security and Medicare.  How do we know that? I am not just saying it. As a progressive Democrat  in this body, I am not just saying: Of course they are going to cut  Social Security and Medicare. I think that, but do you know why I am  sure of it? I am always pretty sure of it because that is what they do.  But I am sure of it because they said that. They made their plans  crystal clear. Speaker Ryan said that he wants to turn next year to  what he calls entitlement reform.   There are retirement and health benefits that people earn over a  lifetime of work--social insurance. You pay into Medicare over the  course of your life. When you need Medicare, when you are 65, you get  this insurance. You pay into Social Security your entire life. You  either get survivors benefits for your children or you get disability  or you get retirement when you reach the age of 66, more or less. You  pay into unemployment insurance. If you need it--God willing, you  don't, but if you need it, you get help. That is what social insurance  is. You pay for it, and you get help from society. It is societywide  social insurance. But the Ways and Means chairman, Kevin Brady, said  that the next stop for Republicans is to tackle entitlements.   Here is what we know. This bill is going to cause huge deficits. We  know that. They have acknowledged it, and 2, 3, 4 years from now,  Republican Members will come to us--after the lobbyists have been down  the hall in Senator McConnell's office, they will come back and say to  us: We have this huge budget deficit. We are going to have to raise the  eligibility age to maybe to 70. Some of them have talked about that. We  are going to have to privatize Medicare. They will say: We have to make  these programs stronger and sustainable. Nobody thinks they want to  make them stronger. They want to cut them. That is how you save money,  even though you don't in the end.   Here is what is aggravating about this. Think about it. All of us--a  number of people here in this body are past what society has designated  as retirement age, 65. A number of Members of this Congress,  particularly in the Senate, are over 65.   I work in my garden. I work outside. I do things. But I am not  working in a diner, I am not working construction, and I don't use my  arms and shoulders and brain and legs to do my work. We work here. We  work in jobs we are privileged to have, and we get good compensation.  We get a good salary, and we get good benefits. But we are going to  tell a bunch of people who work with their hands and work with their  brains and work with their bodies and work with their arms and  shoulders and whose knees break down over time--we are going to tell  the barber in Barberton, we are going to tell the truckdriver in  Evendale, we are going to tell the construction worker in Conneaut, we  are going to tell the waitress in Warren, we are going to tell the  nurse in Newark that they are going to have to work until they are 70,  sorry. Is that what we are going to do?   Follow this simply. This tax cut causes a huge budget deficit to give  money to the wealthiest people in the country and creates a huge hole  in the budget. Who is going to fill the hole in the budget? Not the  lobbyists walking in and out of Senator McConnell's office 100 feet  down the hall. They are not going to pay for it; they are not going to  have to pay for it. It is going to be the nurse in Newark who has to  work until she is 70; it is going to be the waitress in Warren who has  to work until she is 70; it is going to be the carpenter or  construction worker in Conneaut; it is going to be the barber in  Barberton and the truckdriver in Evendale.   If we pass this bill, 83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1  percent, and this 83 percent, a lot of which blows a hole in the budget  deficit, is going to be paid for by working families. So cut out all  the crap about this being something for working families. It is not.   I will say this for Republicans in Congress: They are making it  pretty easy for the American people to see whose side they are on. You  are either on the side of everyday working Americans, who are working  more hours than ever before and getting too little pay for the hours  they are working--they are either working for them or they are working  for the people in Senator McConnell's office down the hall.   I want my colleagues to just pick through this. I want my colleagues  to think about this picture, this stream of lobbyists in and out of  Senator McConnell's office, this stream of lobbyists from America's  largest, richest corporations--the drug companies, the tobacco  companies, the insurance companies, the companies that tend to run this  government. I want you to think about that.   Are you on the side of the workers who are doing the heavy work and  can't work until they are 70 or are you on the side of CEOs and  politicians who do the bidding of these CEOs? It is a pretty clear  case. It is a picture that is pretty obvious. Americans deserve better.  We can do better for them by starting from scratch with one goal in  mind: If we want a middle-class tax cut, I say to the Senator from  Utah, don't talk about a middle-class tax cut, don't do trickle-down  economics. If you want a  [[Page S8118]]  middle-class tax cut, then give a middle-class tax cut. Give a tax cut  to the middle class. It is pretty simple.   I yield the floor.    Will Senator Hatch yield for a question?    Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I would just  like to ask Senator Hatch a question.    I want to state my objection. There is objection, Mr.  President. I would like to state my objection. May I state the reason  for my objection?    Mr. President, may I state the reason for my objection?   