 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   My motion to recommit is quite simple. It exempts class action  lawsuits that are brought to protect public water supplies.   I know some of you have heard me speak of this. I am from Flint,  Michigan, and we know, in my community, what happens when we fail to  protect drinking water.   In the course of the day, most Americans take for granted that water  that comes from the tap is safe. But for my community of 100,000  people, that is not true. It hasn't been true for years. Since the  State government switched to a corrosive water source, the Flint River,  they have not been able to drink water out of the tap.   This terrible decision poisoned the city's water supply with  corrosive water, resulting in high levels of lead leaching into their  water system, going into their pipes, into their homes, into their  bodies, 100,000 people, 7,000 children under the age of 6. Nearly 3  years later, those same families are still reeling from this crisis. It  is unacceptable. It is an injustice.   Lead is a potent neurotoxin. There is no safe level of lead. Lead  exposure can lead to serious health effects felt for years.   But the impacts are not limited just to health. Those high levels of  lead also damaged Flint's infrastructure, and we now have to remove  thousands of pipes in order to provide safe water.   Thankfully, this Congress, Democrats and Republicans, came together  to provide necessary help for my hometown to fix those pipes. But Flint  residents will continue to suffer. That was important, but not enough.  There are lots of health effects.   Just recently we learned that many cases, in fact, many deaths that  we thought were attributable to pneumonia, were, in fact, Legionnaires'  disease, traceable to the bacteria caused by this terrible crisis. A  dozen people have already died as a result of Legionnaires' disease,  and others, whose deaths may be reclassified, could bring that number  much higher.   The corrosiveness of that water not only had health impacts, but it  literally destroyed people's homes from the inside out. So, in addition  to those service lines, people's plumbing in their homes, their water  heaters, their washing machines destroyed, ruined, and their lives  potentially ruined as well.   So where does the support, where does the funding come for those  losses experienced by residents of my hometown?   It comes from the justice system. This bill would create more  barriers for people in my hometown to access that justice system, to  seek justice for what happened to them. They have suffered a terrible  crisis, and they should be able to seek justice and restitution.   Unfortunately, this bill could prevent people from Flint, and other  Americans, from seeking justice, and that is what my motion intends to  correct.   In order to receive justice from the harm that they have experienced  from this public water source, residents have filed class action suits.  This bill severely curtails their access to the courts to seek redress,  to seek that restitution. This bill would weaken their access to  justice.   My motion is simple. It would allow lawsuits that are brought to  protect our precious public water supplies to be exempt from the  additional hurdles, from the additional barriers that this underlying  bill sets out.   Having safe drinking water is a human right, and the access to that  and the access to justice related to that basic human right ought to be  completely unfettered. My motion to recommit would assure that, and I  ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this motion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   