 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, as a student and former teacher of history, I have  worked during my tenure in Congress to preserve and protect our  Nation's historic treasures.   Historically Black Colleges and Universities, commonly called HBCUs,  are some of the most important historic educational institutions in our  country. There are over 100 HBCUs in the country, and eight of them are  in South Carolina. I proudly represent seven of them and I am a  graduate of one.   Many of them have buildings and sites on their campuses that have  existed for over a century and are of great historical significance.  Unfortunately, many of the historic buildings and sites on these  campuses have deteriorated over the years and are at risk of being lost  if not preserved and protected.   In 1998, at the behest of the Congressional Black Caucus, the United  States Government Accountability Office, the GAO, surveyed 103 HBCU  campuses to identify the historically significant sites on these  campuses and project the cost of restoring and preserving these  properties. The GAO identified 712 historic buildings and sites, and  projected a cost of $755 million to restore and preserve them. Each of  these sites has national significance to American history, and I  believe we have an obligation to be stewards of these historic  treasures.   In 2003, working with our former colleague Jim Hansen of Utah and our  current colleague and my dear friend Jimmy Duncan of Tennessee,  Congress expanded the program and authorized expenditures of $10  million annually for 5 years. I have seen the results firsthand. Last  year, Allen University rededicated the historic Chappelle Auditorium on  its campus in Columbia, South Carolina, which was painstakingly  restored thanks to funding from this program. Originally built in 1925,  this building was central to the cultural life of African Americans in  South Carolina for generations.   In 1947, Reverend Joseph A. DeLaine attended an NAACP event at  Chappelle Auditorium that inspired him to organize Black families in  Clarendon County to petition their school district to provide buses for  Black students who, at the time, were forced to make a daily walk of  9.4 miles to school. That was 9.4 miles to school and 9.4 miles back  home.   The legal case that grew from this petition, Briggs v. Elliott,  precipitated the frontal attack on segregation in the country and was  later combined with four other cases that became Brown v. Board of  Education of Topeka, Kansas, at the Supreme Court. Overturning the  separate-but-equal fallacy, Brown ended legal segregation throughout  America.   This is just a singular example of the history living on HBCU  campuses. Because of our past efforts, historic buildings and sites at  59 HBCUs in 20 States have received funding from this program. However,  many historic structures are still endangered.  [[Page H5208]]    Consequently, in the omnibus appropriations bill for 2017, which  passed earlier this year, Congress included $4 million for HBCU  Historic Preservation so that we could continue this progress.   Last year, the House passed this bill unanimously, but it was not  taken up by the Senate. I thank Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member  Grijalva for supporting it again today. This bill is supported by the  United Negro College Fund, the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, and the  National Trust for Historic Preservation.   The HBCU Historic Preservation program serves as an essential purpose  to HBCUs, which have a special place in the fabric of American history,  culture, and education. Countless individuals have worked tirelessly to  cultivate HBCUs, and their legacy is seen in graduates whose  achievements adorn the pages of American history. From Booker T.  Washington, to Mary McLeod Bethune, W.E.B. DuBois, to Martin Luther  King, Jr., HBCU visionaries and graduates have set powerful examples of  leadership.   The legacy of HBCUs is one of significant courage and steadfast  determination. The structures on these campuses across the country are  living testaments to African-American history, and they deserve to be  stabilized and restored. HBCUs are among America's national treasures  that must be preserved and protected for future generations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this needed  legislation.   