 Mr. President, as in many other industries, the insurance  sector, both property/casualty and life, have become more globalized  than any time in history. Disasters such as 9/11 transformed the  property and casualty industry. The life insurance industry has  followed, with an increasing amount of insurance risk transferred to  affiliates and nonaffiliates around the globe.   This business model is impacted directly by the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, which moves the United States from a mostly global international  system, where we tax American companies and individuals on their  worldwide income, toward a territorial system. Under the new system,  companies are to be taxed in the United States on the income derived  here and are to be taxed on their foreign earnings by the nations in  which that income is derived.   What we are seeking to do here is to encourage enterprises to start  in the United States, to expand in the United States, and to bring as  many foreign operations home as they can while remaining not only  competitive, but innovative leaders in creating new products and  services. The new 21-percent corporate rate will help do just that.  However, this bill does not take us fully to a territorial system. The  bill applies a minimum tax on certain payments to foreign affiliates.  At 21 percent, the U.S. can compete with virtually any nation in the  world, but if some nations have a corporate rate of, say, 5 percent or  less, then the new system will incentivize companies to move their  operations overseas, so the bill includes a minimum tax. It is called  the base erosion antiabuse tax.   The first year, the base erosion tax is essentially a minimum tax of  5-percent tax without deduction for certain payments made by a U.S.  company to its foreign affiliates. Starting in 2019, that minimum tax  increases to 10 percent.   We do not want companies moving mobile assets around the world to  find the lowest corporate tax rate. However,  [[Page S8108]]  I do not think we should be taxing enterprises on payments that never  actually leave the U.S., but instead are obligations that are combined  with obligations from the foreign affiliate to the U.S. parent. That is  where clarification is needed as to how this base erosion tax will work  in the context of U.S. insurance policies that are reinsured overseas.   Under current law, reinsurance is already subject to a gross premium  excise that serves as an antibase erosion tax of sorts. Adding the base  erosion tax on top of that could be detrimental to these U.S. insurance  companies. However, how the base erosion tax is computed may be  determinative of whether the tax is tolerable. I believe that, with  respect to reinsurance, the base erosion tax was intended to apply only  on net payments actually made.   Under certain forms of reinsurance that are commonly used in the life  insurance industry, called modified coinsurance or funds withheld  coinsurance, underlying investments are retained by the U.S. insurer,  which is subject to tax on the earnings from the investments. Under  these arrangements, the reinsurance payments are taken into account for  purposes of the base erosion tax only when the U.S. insurance company  actually makes payments to its foreign affiliate.   My understanding of the conference report is that it intended to  limit the base erosion payment to the net amount paid to the foreign  reinsurer, taking into account the amounts owed by the reinsurer to the  U.S. party. That result is consistent with one of the fundamental  principles underlying the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017: Assets  generating income should be taxed where those assets are sited. In  determining the amount of base erosion payments, the amount of premium  paid to the reinsurer must be offset by any return premium, ceding  commission, reinsurance recovered, or other amount received the  insurance company with respect to the reinsurance for which such  premium is paid to the reinsurer. Moreover, this treatment is  consistent with the regulatory accounting regime imposed by the  National Association of Insurance Commissioners.   Consistent with those principles, base erosion payments do not  include amounts paid to a foreign affiliate that are subject to U.S.  income tax. For example, payments to a foreign partnership by a U.S.  taxpayer that the foreign partnership certifies are effectively  connected income are not base erosion payments. The income has not been  shifted offshore, and there has been no erosion of the tax base.   