 Mr. Chairman, let me thank the ranking member of the  Committee on Education and the Workforce, Bobby Scott, for his hard  work, and the rest of the CBC in putting this budget together.   Mr. Chairman, I think that what I am having a hard time doing is  wrapping my mind around the same failed arguments that we hear over and  over again that we are going to cut trillions of dollars in taxes so  that we can help the upper middle class and the top 1 percent really,  and that is somehow going to benefit the poorest people in the country;  we are going to exacerbate the deficit saying that we are going to  create jobs.   We know it never happens, and then all of a sudden we find ourselves  with an increasing debt and deficit, and then we go to the poorest  people in this country and we ask them to pay for it. We cut the  programs that are vital to lifting them out of poverty.   I agree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle. My mother  is a perfect example that a great education will lift you out of  poverty and that having a Historically Black College and University  that you can go to will prepare you for your future. But the problem is  we don't talk about the fact that the Republican budget cuts education.   So how can we say with a straight face that we propose to lift people  out of poverty, help people achieve the American Dream, help our  children dream the impossible dream, and then give them the power so  that they can go achieve it while we are cutting their education and we  are cutting all the programs that help them to achieve it?    Look, we always hide behind protecting our country and the national  defense. The biggest threat to our national defense resides on 1600  Pennsylvania Avenue. It is a shame when most people in this country and  my colleagues wake up in the morning and say: Are we going to war with  North Korea? That is not good for the economy, and that is not good for  the mental health of the country. But I think that the Secretary of  State has a great disposition and strategy when it comes to the  national defense and diplomacy.   I think the key with what we have to do with budgets is understand  that they are moral documents and they express our values, and cutting  the disabled and others is not a true statement of American values.   