 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on  this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Taxpayers Right-To-Know  Act.   This bill is a bipartisan and bicameral effort to provide more  information about Federal programs and their activities online. The  American people deserve to know what their government does with their  hard-earned dollars. The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act will make it  easier to evaluate Federal Government spending by requiring Federal  agencies to identify their programs, provide basic information like  what their programs do, how they perform, and how much they cost.  Agencies must do a better job of managing their programs and  identifying areas where taxpayer dollars are wasted.   The Government Accountability Office is tasked with reporting on  duplication and continues to find new areas of duplication across the  government. In 6 years, GAO has identified 250 areas and 637 corrective  actions in those areas to reduce fragmentation, overlap, or duplication  or address other opportunities for financial benefits. While only 41  percent of recommended corrective actions have been taken, GAO  estimates this progress will result in approximately $125 billion in  financial benefits and savings over 15 years.   While GAO's work has been invaluable, their ability to look  comprehensively at the Federal Government is inherently limited because  of the poor reporting by agencies about their activity. Quite simply,  Mr. Speaker, without better data, billions more will be lost.   Current law, specifically the Government Performance and Results  Modernization Act, requires agencies to report all their programs,  their funding, and their performance information to the Office of  Management and Budget. However, OMB's current inventory is incomplete  and provides inconsistent information. This makes it more difficult and  time consuming to identify areas of waste and inefficiency.   The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act establishes an across-the-board  definition for ``program'' and requires the publication of detailed  information on each Federal program. This change will allow American  taxpayers and Federal watchdogs to better evaluate the effectiveness  and utility of government programs.   The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act, Mr. Speaker, is an important and  necessary step forward for the government in providing programs that  are accountable, effective, and efficient.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Senator Lankford for his work on the Senate  companion bill in the last Congress, which will be reintroduced in  future weeks. I also thank Representative Cooper of Tennessee for his  continued bipartisan support and cosponsorship on this issue.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   