 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of Mr. Poliquin's  bill, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, and I thank him  for his leadership on this issue.   It is not uncommon these days to see Iranian fingerprints all over  the instability and unrest that plague the Middle East. That is why our  own State  [[Page H9873]]  Department classifies Iran as a country of primary concern for money  laundering and international terror financing.   Just this weekend, Mr. Chair, we saw their handiwork yet again. This  time, it was Lebanon, where the now largely Iranian-backed Hezbollah  influenced government called for economic sanctions on the United  States. Why?   Simply for recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.   Just a few at the top in this corrupt Iranian regime are flush with  cash, but they support illicit causes and terror in the Middle East,  all the while the average Iranian gets by on an average salary of  $15,000 a year.   Accountability for those profiting at the top, at the expense of  those suffering at the bottom, is long overdue. Luckily, Mr. Poliquin's  bill helps us to achieve this goal by requiring that the Treasury  Department provide a report to Congress on the financial assets of  these senior Iranian officials involved in corruption and illicit  finance.   Also, if enacted, this bill will shed light on Iranian terror  activities and let the Iranian people know how their leaders actually  operate. This is a key aspect of the bill, since most news is  disseminated through government-controlled outlets. True information is  hard to come by.    The bottom line is this: This is an important piece of legislation  that I believe will help disrupt the Iranian terror network. I urge all  my Democrat colleagues to support this measure. Let's send a message to  this regime that this body, the people's House, is united on this  front, and let's send a message to the Iranian people that we are with  them as well.   I again thank my friend, Mr. Poliquin from Maine, for his leadership  on this issue, and I urge adoption of his legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Mr. Williams' legislation,  H.R. 4324. I want to thank him for his leadership on this front.   Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that much of the terror funding and the  civil unrest that we see in the Middle East can be traced directly back  to Iran.   Since we have lifted sanctions on that regime--and, in particular,  against state-owned entities like Iran Air--we have opened up ourselves  to potentially financing Iran's destabilizing activity in the region.   Congress has a right to know if banks are linked to financing or  doing business with Iran, again, the world's largest state sponsor of  terror.   This bill is significant, considering what we have recently seen with  Iran Air. As recently as 2011, Iran Air was transporting weapons and  missiles on behalf of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps; and even  this year--not 2011, but this year--we have seen Iran Air continue to  fly well-known weapons resupply routes to pro-Assad-controlled areas of  Syria.    Iran will always continue to find new and creative ways to bypass  sanctions and to fund their worldwide terror network. We have to be on  constant alert. Mr. Williams' legislation gives us the tools to do  exactly that.   His bill gives the people's House, this House, more oversight on  business that the Treasury Department authorizes with Iran. This is  important because it conveys the importance of staying alert about our  financial institutions when they get involved financially with Iran.   Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank my colleague and my friend, Mr.  Williams, for his leadership on this issue, and I urge adoption of this  bill.   