 Mr. President, never before has a sitting President  so maligned our intelligence community. President Trump has repeatedly  belittled and ridiculed the work of intelligence officials, calling  their assessments of Russia's hack into U.S. elections ``fake news.''  Over Twitter, President Trump accused intelligence officers of  executing a Nazi-like smear campaign against him. President Trump has  sided with the likes of Julian Assange and Vladimir Putin over our own  intelligence community.   More disturbingly, President Trump seems to hold shallow views on  critical intelligence questions like torture. On the campaign trail,  Mr. Trump constantly vowed to reinstate torture, asserting that only  ``stupid people'' would think otherwise. In an interview with the New  York Times, Mr. Trump admitted that he was ``surprised'' that Defense  Secretary Mattis opposed torture, while adding that he would be  ``guided by'' mass sentiments on torture. Mr. Trump's pronouncements on  torture are dangerous, irresponsible, and rally our enemies.   Senator Dan Coats has an enormous challenge ahead of him. President  Trump removed the Director of National Intelligence from the National  Security Council, marginalizing the intelligence community's essential  role in informing national security decisions. President Trump  reportedly plans to hire a New York billionaire with close ties to  Steve Bannon to conduct a review of the intelligence agencies, a core  responsibility of the Director of National Intelligence, and Senator  Coats' hardline assessments of Russia may meet with skepticism in a  White House that views Putin so favorably.   I am encouraged by Senator Coats' willingness to work with the  Congress in a bipartisan manner, particularly on probes related to  Russia's hack into our election. I expect Senator Coats to maintain his  commitment to follow the law on enhanced interrogation techniques and  not to seek to change them. For these reasons, I support his nomination  to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.    Mr. President, in a few short months, President Trump  has undermined U.S. credibility and our standing abroad. He has called  for a nuclear arms race, asserted the United States should reinvade  Iraq to take its oil, lavished praise on Vladimir Putin, and slandered  stalwart allies like Australia and Germany. He has issued two Muslim  bans--a move lauded by the Islamic State and condemned by top military,  intelligence, and diplomatic officials of both parties.   President Trump has put our national security apparatus under  enormous stress. He has appointed Steve Bannon, an extremist with the  explicit ambition to ``destroy the state,'' to the National Security  Council--the highest body charged with protecting the state. He has  failed to nominate officials for dozens of crucial national security  positions, hobbling our ability to respond to a future national  security crisis. He has repeatedly denigrated our intelligence  agencies, rejecting findings that clearly demonstrated Russia's role in  his election. He has accused the FBI of breaking the law by wiretapping  Trump Tower, a groundless claim for which he has offered no proof.   LTG H.R. McMaster is a respected military strategist with a  reputation for an independent mind. He has demonstrated throughout his  career that he is willing to challenge and criticize U.S. leadership,  irrespective of party. He does not appear to be sympathetic to the view  of President Trump or Steve Bannon that the United States is at war  with the entire Muslim world. Instead, while commanding U.S. forces in  Iraq, General McMaster told his soldiers: ``Every time you treat an  Iraqi disrespectfully, you are working for the enemy.''   I am concerned with General McMaster's handling of sexual assault  [[Page S1819]]  allegations against two of his cadets at West Point. McMaster's  reluctance to interfere with the training of these cadets, despite  allegations of sexual assault, was in violation of Army policy. I am a  strong supporter of efforts to reform the military's handling of sexual  assault, which is why I cosponsored legislation in the House to pass  new legal protections for victims of assault in the military.   While I remain deeply concerned with the large number of military  officials in senior positions in the Trump administration, I support  General McMaster's retaining his rank while he serves as National  Security Advisor. I do so with the hope that General McMaster will  remain faithful to his reputation for dissent, will challenge President  Trump when he takes a dangerous approach to the world, will restore  order to the National Security Council, and will steward a foreign  policy that makes America safer.   