 Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman, Mr.  McClintock, and the ranking member for her work on this legislation.  Much has been explained about it. This is a good piece of legislation.   I am not going to take a great deal of time, but it shows that we can  work together. The stakeholders got involved 4 years ago. We wanted to  make this permanent. We worked it all out last year and we passed it,  and it got bogged down on the other side.   It is a chance where we can show and take programs and put them  together with tribes and have a better efficiency for the dollar we  spend. If we do more of that in this Congress, we will have a lot  better Congress and a better nation.   This is a small minority group that has done well under these  programs, and it is not a new law. In 1992, I was here when we passed  it. We would like to see to fruition the work put together by Mr.  Goodlatte, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Brady, and Chairwoman Foxx. They all worked  together with their staffs to put this, I think, excellent piece of  legislation together to put to the voters on this floor, and I urge the  passage of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, my bill--the Indian Employment, Training, and Related  Services Consolidation Act--enables tribes and tribal organizations to  offer highly effective workforce development initiatives that uplift  Native communities around the country. We passed this bipartisan  legislation in the House by a voice vote at the end of last Congress,  and the Senate simply ran out of time to secure final passage.   H.R. 228 makes the Tribal ``477 Program'' permanent and improves its  administration. The 477 Program allows tribes to combine employment,  childcare, and job training funding from a variety of federal sources  and conduct consolidated, comprehensive reporting. Participants have  leveraged these advantages to develop and run innovative programs that  have had a meaningful impact on thousands of Alaska Native and American  Indian families. In addition, the efficiencies of the 477 Program save  both tribes and the federal government money, time, and resources.   Congress established the 477 Program in 1992 as a demonstration  program. The Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes in  Southeast Alaska was actually the first in the nation to begin  operating a 477 program and to this day continues to benefit from  offering services through 477.   The 477 Program has a proven track record of success and allows for  bold approaches to address significant education and training needs  that exist in Indian country. This program is what tribal self- determination is all about. Tribes understand their members best and  know how to use these tools for creating and expanding employment  opportunities in their communities.   My bill improves accounting procedures and reporting mechanisms to  uphold the original intent of the program, ensure that agencies treat  tribes fairly, and set a foundation for participants' continued  success.   I would like to thank the members of the 477 Tribal Work Group who,  over the last 4 years, have been stalwart advocates for this  legislation and did not give up at the end of last Congress.   I would also like to thank Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva,  and their staffs for making this bill possible and working to move it  to the floor quickly this year. Finally, I offer my thanks to Chairman  Brady, Chairwoman Foxx, Chairman Goodlatte, and their staffs for their  assistance with the legislation.   I urge adoption of H.R. 228 today and encourage the Senate to take up  this bill as soon as possible.   