 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman  from Florida for his continued efforts to support our veterans. As a  proud member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, it is great to  work on such a bipartisan committee with Ranking Member Walz and other  members who care deeply about our American veterans.   Mr. Speaker, sadly, every single day 20 veterans take their own  lives. In 1 year, the total is nearly as many people who live in my  hometown of Columbia City, Indiana.   Veterans account for 18 percent of suicides, even though they are  only 8\1/2\ percent of the total population. Our female veterans are  2\1/2\ times more likely to commit suicide than civilian women.   We can't allow this to continue. Just one veteran suicide a day is a  horrible tragedy, let alone 20. Our veterans were vigilant in fighting  for our freedoms. We must be just as vigilant in fighting for their  needs. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today seeks to enable the VA's  Veterans Crisis Line, or VCL, to be even more effective in this fight.   As has already been mentioned, since 2007, it has fielded nearly 2.8  million calls and 67,000 text messages. But there is no overarching  approach to ensure the VA knows the effectiveness of the VCL in  preventing future suicide attempts after the initial phone call or how  well the crisis line connects veterans to the mental healthcare  services of the VA. That is why, with this bill, we can harness the  power of data analytics to improve the functionality of the VCL and the  VA's mental healthcare services.   The VCL is a critical tool, and we must do everything we can to help  it play as large a role as possible. We must ensure that our veterans  who seek care can access it so that they can find a long-term solution  to their difficulties. Mr. Speaker, we must ensure our veterans know  they are not alone after the phone call.    I have spoken with veterans service organizations throughout this  bill's progress. I thank them for their feedback and for looking out  for our veterans.   I would like to thank Congressman Moulton, who was my lead on the  other side of the aisle, for his work as a partner on this bill, as  well, and for his dedication to our veteran population.   I would also like to thank the entire Indiana delegation from both  sides of the aisle for cosponsoring this bill and showing the Hoosier  State's strong commitment to preventing veteran suicide.   I ask my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 4173.   