 Mr. President, I want to first thank my colleague from  Michigan for her outstanding presentation. It was succinct. It was on  point. It showed all the problems with TrumpCare. I hope we will see a  lot more not only of her speaking about this--and I know we will--but  those great charts she put together.   I, too, rise this afternoon again on the Republican plan to repeal  and replace the Affordable Care Act. There has been some confusion  about what to call it. Speaker Ryan, one of the principal authors of  the bill, doesn't want it called RyanCare. President Trump doesn't want  it called TrumpCare. President Trump slapped his name on buildings,  ties, steaks, hotels, and golf clubs, but not on a bill that he says he  supports. If it is so good, why doesn't any Republican want to put  their name on it? I think the reason is because every single day, as we  learn more and more about the bill, more and more Americans are turning  against it. Doctors don't like it. Patients don't like it. Hospitals  don't like it. Women don't like it. Millennials don't like it. Seniors  don't like it. More and more Republicans don't like it. And Democrats  are totally united against it.   So I just want to ask one question. TrumpCare has been public for 1  week now. Is there any group left in the country who actually likes it?  I am not sure there is. So Republicans have resorted to their usual  talking points.   They like to talk about access to healthcare. That is what Dr. Price  said over and over again. He didn't talk about people getting  healthcare, just having access to healthcare.   They say they want universal access to healthcare. Well, every  American has universal access to a Lamborghini. You can walk into the  Lamborghini showroom and say: I would like to purchase one. The  proprietor says: Well, that will be a couple hundred thousand dollars.  And you can't buy it. Access is not enough. Access is not enough.   Every single American would like a huge mansion worth $10 million.  They have access. They can go to a real estate agent and say: Show me a  list of $10 million mansions in my community. That is access, but they  can't afford it. We know when Dr. Price and others talk about access,  they are trying to actually verbally trick the American people because  people can't afford this healthcare. They will not have the healthcare,  but they can inquire about it. That is all access is.   Americans are smarter than that. They know having good health  insurance is what leads to affordable healthcare. Access to care will  not make us well and will not save our lives if we can't afford it.   So what is the real effect of this TrumpCare bill? Last night the  Congressional Budget Office made clear that 24 million fewer Americans  will have health insurance if TrumpCare becomes the law of the land. It  is one of the biggest broken promises that this President has made, and  he has broken a lot of them. In an interview with the Washington Post,  here's what the President said: ``We're going to have insurance for  everybody.'' President Trump: ``We're going to have insurance for  everybody'' that is ``much less expensive and better.''   Well, the CBO report confirms that TrumpCare does not even remotely  come close to that pledge. The President was off by only 24 million  Americans. That is more than the population of my entire State.   Seniors will also get crushed with higher premiums. Americans of all  ages will have to pay more out-of-pocket costs with deductibles and  copays. Let me give you one example from the CBO report. A 64-year-old  American not eligible for Medicare who makes maybe $26,500 a year would  have to pay a premium of $14,600. That is more than half of that  senior's entire income. How is that even possible? If there were ever a  war on seniors, this bill, TrumpCare, is it.   The CBO report also showed that TrumpCare spends more on tax breaks  for the very wealthy and for insurance companies than it does on tax  credits to help middle-class Americans afford health insurance. In the  final tally, TrumpCare would erase more than $1 trillion from programs  that help poor and middle-class families in order to fund an almost  $900 billion tax break aimed largely at the wealthy and corporations.  That would constitute one of the greatest transfers of wealth from the  middle class and the poor to the very rich in the last few decades. As  my friend Leader Pelosi said this morning: It is reverse Robin Hood,  taking from the poor and giving it to the rich. I would say that this  bill, TrumpCare, is reverse Robin Hood on steroids.   Rather than going back to the drawing board to solve these problems,  what are our Republican friends doing? Attacking CBO, the messenger.  There is just one problem: This messenger they are attacking is their  own messenger. Who appointed Dr. Hall as the head of CBO? Who was the  person most responsible? None other than Secretary Price, now the head  of HHS, handpicked him.   Dr. Hall has great conservative Republican credentials. Not only was  he picked by Dr. Tom Price, but he worked at the Mercatus Center, which  we all know is funded in good part by the Koch brothers. He is a man  chosen by one of the most conservative Republicans in the House, who is  now HHS Secretary. He taught at an institute funded by the Koch  brothers, the leading funders of the hard right, and they are attacking  him. They don't like his honest answers.   Republicans are attacking the referee because they are losing the  game, plain and simple. Everyone from second grade on was taught by  their parents not to attack the referee because it is unsportsmanlike.  In this case it is a lot worse. It has life and death consequences,  unlike a softball game for a second grader.   If we look at the CBO's score, it is hard to call this a healthcare  bill. A healthcare bill actually intends to provide insurance to more  Americans; this bill results in 24 million fewer Americans with health  insurance. A healthcare bill would help people afford health insurance;  this bill would likely increase costs on middle-class and working  families while making it cheaper for the top 1 percent and much cheaper  for the top 0.1 percent. They get the biggest benefit. They get a huge  tax break. A healthcare bill would seek to protect older and sicker  Americans who need health insurance the most; this bill jacks up the  price on older Americans the most. A healthcare bill would make it  easier for Americans to shop for health insurance, but the CBO says  that under this bill, plans would be harder to compare, ``making  shopping for a plan on the basis of price more difficult.'' That is  their quote.   By no measure can we call TrumpCare an actual healthcare bill. The  only thing this bill makes healthier is bank accounts for the  wealthiest Americans. People who make above $250,000 would get an  average tax break of $200,000. People who make $1 million would get an  average tax break of $57,000. That is what this bill is all about.   Our Republican friends have cut taxes on the rich. That is what their  tax reform bill will be about. That is what this is all about. At a  time when Donald Trump was campaigning to help the middle class, the  working people, he gets into office, and boom: The first big, big, big  proposal reduces taxes on the wealthiest people. This is not going to  play well in Peoria, Brooklyn, or Charlotte.   We Democrats are going to stand strong, stay united, and fight tooth  and nail against TrumpCare until our Republican friends drop their  repeal efforts for good.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   