 Mr. President, I am here today to speak on a different  topic, but before the Senator from Minnesota leaves, I want to thank  him for his statement and for his observations, which are dead-on about  the need now more than ever to have an independent special counsel take  a look at what has happened here. I am very grateful for that, and I  believe that is the conclusion others in this Chamber, Republicans and  Democrats working together, will reach as well, as they let sink in  what has actually transpired over the last 24 hours.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as you know, last night President Trump  fired FBI Director James Comey. He did this in the middle of an active  FBI investigation into possible links between the Trump campaign, Trump  associates, and the Russian Government. This action should worry every  Member of the Senate. I know it worries the people we represent. My  office has been flooded with calls since this decision became public.  Americans are asking why this firing happened now, why the firing  happened at all--and they are right to ask.   Officially, President Trump said the FBI Director's dismissal was  necessary to restore the ``public trust and confidence'' in the FBI.  That is laughable. Anybody who knows Director Comey or knows the FBI  knows that statement is completely false. I had my issues with the  decisions that Director Comey had made over the past months. I never  called for his removal, but I know that he did not have a negative  effect on morale at the Justice Department or in the FBI.   I worked for a Deputy Attorney General of the United States. I am so  disappointed in the tone of the letter written by this Deputy Attorney  General--we learned this afternoon--at the request of the President of  the United States. This is not a letter that came up through the chain  at DOJ, but a conversation--as the public reports are tonight--that  happened at the White House, where the Deputy Attorney General and the  President agreed mutually that it was time for Director Comey to go.   The President, apparently, asked the Deputy Attorney General to put  it in writing. Then he wrote a letter, the  [[Page S2876]]  type of which I have never seen come from the Deputy Attorney General's  office. I worked on reports that we made with the Office of  Professional Responsibility at the Department of Justice. I never saw a  report like this before. But what I really find amazing about this  decision--and I don't know why the decision was made; I am the first to  say that I don't know--is that, having been in the Senate, having  worked in the Deputy Attorney General's office at the Department of  Justice, that nobody at the White House said to the President: Maybe  the best thing to do is not to fire the FBI Director when he is in the  middle of an investigation about ties of your campaign to Russia,  because maybe that will undermine Americans' confidence in the rule of  law, and maybe that will undermine Americans' confidence in this  administration and worry people that the FBI isn't treating this  fairly. The idea that not a single member of the administration was  successful in making that case to the President is really worrisome to  me tonight, and it is one of the reasons why people think the answer to  why this firing occurred is simply not credible.   President Trump, unlike some, has repeatedly praised Director Comey  over the past months. He said he had guts. He said: ``I respect him a  lot.'' Now, overnight, based on a completely nonroutine letter written  at the request of the President, he has turned 180 degrees.   The American people deserve an explanation for this unprecedented  action. They deserve an explanation tonight. They deserved one this  afternoon. They know this isn't how our government is supposed to work.  I think the reason why people in Colorado and in other parts of the  country, I am sure, are concerned is that this dismissal is not the  first action the President has taken that raised concerns about his  commitment to the rule of law or his commitment to the independent  judiciary or to the freedom of the press under the First Amendment when  he doesn't like the scrutiny he or his administration are getting from  a free press. He does not have a fundamental appreciation for the basic  institutions and traditions of this country.   It is a great irony, I think, at this moment in our politics, that  the President represents a radical view of American history and  American traditions. It is my hope that this Senate--Republicans and  Democrats working together--can express together a conservative view of  those traditions, a view that says: We need to preserve the sanctity of  the rule of law. We need to preserve and elevate the idea that the  judicial branch is an independent judiciary, separate from the  legislative branch, separate from the executive branch.   The Founders knew that when they wrote the Constitution. One of their  biggest concerns was that somehow the judiciary and the executive  branch might reach some sort of unholy alliance that would all of a  sudden call the rule of law into question.   I think that is why people are worried. They are worried because they  remember this President slandered a judge because of his ethnicity and  said that he wouldn't be able to decide a case fairly because of where  his parents came from. They remember his attacks on the free press, as  well, when he doesn't like their reporting, and his resorting to  talking about fake news when he doesn't like the reporting.   I have had to talk with so many high school students and middle  school students in Colorado over the last 4 or 5 months about this  whole question of fake news and what the importance of edited content  is to our society and, again, to our commitment to the rule of law--the  importance that middle school students and high school students place  on edited content and on curated content; their ability to distinguish  between something that is science or something that is real, something  that is edited versus somebody shooting their mouth off on the  internet.   The President has a hard time making that distinction, as well. He  has shown little regard for the traditions and norms that our Founders  established when they created this separation of powers.   So I say to my colleagues tonight, the Senate must stand firm and  speak with one voice--Democrats and Republicans. We now have a vacancy  in the FBI Director, and we need to make sure that whoever that is,  whoever replaces James Comey, pledges to continue the ongoing  investigation and reinforce the FBI's independence from undue influence  from the White House. That needs to be nonnegotiable. In my view, that  is the least that must happen.   In order for the American people to learn the full truth, the Deputy  Attorney General must immediately appoint an independent special  prosecutor to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election,  which, by the way, everybody I know up here believes happened. But the  President continues to say: Maybe it was the Chinese; maybe it wasn't  the Russians. No intelligence agency in America believes that. No  Senator believes that.   The President, who has access to all of that intelligence, is saying:  It might not have been the Russians; it might be the Chinese.   We need to know. I am not prejudging the result, but we need to know  what these links were, if there were links, between the Trump campaign  and the Russian Government. These are serious questions that need  answers. I worry a lot about what the President has said about our  allies in Europe, what the President has said about NATO, what the  President has said about the European Union--none of which serves the  national security interests of the United States but is an invitation  to the Russians to continue to meddle in elections, not just here but  in Western Europe and in Eastern Europe as well. It is hard for me to  see how that is in anybody's national security interest, except for the  Russians or President Putin.   Our intelligence agencies have been crystal clear to the Members of  Congress that the Russian Government tried to influence the 2016  election in President Trump's favor. The American people deserve to  know what the truth is. What is the extent of these relationships? It  goes to the core of our security. It goes to the heart of our  democracy. That is why preserving this investigation's integrity is so  vital.   I can tell you that the American people are not going to relent. I  understand there will be some time here when people want to collect  their thoughts and gather their thoughts. The American people are not  going to relent. They are going to want an independent investigation  here. For all Americans and, I would say, most of the time, but  certainly at moments like this--this is a moment in the course of our  politics when they say to us: Partisanship needs to give way to  patriotism. This is one of those moments.    I urge every Member of this body, every Member of Congress, to rise  above the pressure of the moment and see this not as just another  skirmish in our endless and often pathetic feuding but as a test of the  resilience of these institutions and of our Republic, a test of whether  we as Congress stand for something more than winning praise from our  base in a cable news cycle or in the next election or whether we take  seriously our oaths to put our institutions, our security, and our  country first.   I yield the floor.   