 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the Children's Health  Insurance Program. We all know that healthcare is the most important  thing in any person's life and in their family's life, and there is  probably no healthcare issue that is more intense than a parents'  concern about the health of their children. I think all of the offices  in this building have heard from parents about the health of their kids  over the course of the number of months we have been debating what to  do about the Affordable Care Act.   I rise today to talk about another critical program, which I hope we  will act in a bipartisan way to reauthorize: the Children's Health  Program, or CHIP. CHIP builds on Medicaid, and it gives families who  earn too much to be eligible for Medicaid an insurance option for their  kids. In talking to families who avail themselves of this option--in  Virginia, years ago we didn't do a very good job of enrolling kids in  CHIP, and we have become an awful lot better at it. It is interesting  to hear the way parents talk about it. They will often talk about how  important CHIP is to them when their child is sick or when their child  is injured, but what is interesting to me is how important it is to  them when their child is perfectly fine--not sick, not injured. But if  you are a parent, you are going to have anxiety when you go to bed  every night if your child doesn't have insurance or coverage: What if  something happens tomorrow? This is a program that provides not just  healthcare but peace of mind for parents and their kids.   Between Virginia's separate CHIP program and the Family Access to  Medical Insurance Security and CHIP-funded Medicaid, the State provides  coverage to nearly 193,000 children. CHIP alone--the specific CHIP  program--covers 66,000 kids in Virginia and also pregnant moms; 1,100  pregnant moms are covered right now. The coverage is important. It  includes doctor visits, hospital care, prescription medicines,  eyeglasses--which are critical to being successful in school-- immunizations, and checkups for kids up to age  [[Page S6949]]  19, with minimal cost sharing and without premiums.   In Virginia, since 2009, when I was Governor, we extended CHIP to  also allow dental coverage. That has been really important to children  and their families. The program is one of the success stories in this  body because it has been strongly bipartisan in support since its  creation in 1997. But as the President knows, this program expired on  September 30. Despite bipartisan work on the Finance Committee, we  still have not seen a reauthorization bill come to the Senate floor.   The uncertainty surrounding CHIP has already started to have an  influence on my constituents and the constituents of every Member of  this body. According to our Virginia Department of Medical Assistance  Services, the State will be forced to send letters on December 1, 2017,  notifying families that there is an impending loss of coverage. If  there is not a reauthorization bill done by that time, imagine the  anxiety of all these families in the weeks before Christmas getting a  letter in the mailbox saying that this CHIP program, which covers  66,000 kids and 1,100 pregnant women, is about to expire. This will, at  a minimum, cause a great deal of anxiety and confusion, even if we then  come back and fix it. But if we don't fix it, obviously, the anxiety  and confusion becomes much more catastrophic for the families.   After we send out letters on December 1 telling families that they  have to prepare for the elimination of this program, enrollment will  freeze on January 1. No new children can come into the program. By the  end of January--and this differs in different States--Virginia will  have insufficient funds to continue the program. There are some States  that are already experiencing running out of the funds they have for  the program. Virginia has a little cushion, but that will take us only  through the end of January if we don't reauthorize.   Here is something that makes matters worse in Virginia, and I think  it is the case in most States. Our legislature is a part-time  legislature. The legislature is not in session. The legislature does  not come back in until January, and that will make it really difficult.  We can't find time for solutions before then because the legislature is  not in session. When the legislature comes back, that would be a lot to  face in 2 weeks, which is when this program is going to expire.   Needless to say, the kids who use CHIP in Virginia are in all parts  of the State. Just to give you some examples, the Hampton Roads area,  the second largest metropolitan area in the State--Virginia Beach,  Norfolk, and the Northern Neck--has over 5,000 kids who rely on CHIP.  In far southwest Virginia, where my wife's family is from--Appalachia-- nearly 6,000 kids rely on CHIP. It is a high poverty area, and in those  parts of the State where poverty is high, CHIP is used in a very  important way by families. The Shenandoah Valley, an agricultural area  in western Virginia, has about 6,400 kids who rely on CHIP. There is  not a county, there is not a city in Virginia where there isn't a child  and a pregnant woman who rely on this program.   On September 18--now to the good part of my talk, the positive words  from my colleagues--Senators Hatch and Wyden introduced the bipartisan  Keeping Kids' Insurance Dependable and Secure Act, which is a  bipartisan compromise in the best traditions of this body, to extend  the CHIP program for 5 years to give States sufficient time to plan  their budgets and make sure that families don't face the uncertainty  related to getting notice letters saying that the program may  terminate.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to strongly support bringing this  bill to the floor and providing certainty to the families and children  who rely on CHIP. The possibility of all these families getting letters  on December 1 saying that the program is possibly going to expire is  just a needless uncertainty, and we should try to avoid that if we can,  not just in Virginia but in every State.   My senior Senator, Mr. Warner, is also a strong supporter of the  program. I will give him some props. When he was Governor of Virginia-- he preceded me as Governor--he was the one who focused on doing a  better job of enrolling kids in the program. I give him credit for  that, and I will take credit for my teamwork and for adding dental  coverage to CHIP. But he was a great leader. He and I have together  sent a letter to the Senate leader, Mr. McConnell, asking if he would  bring a bipartisan bill to the floor quickly on behalf of Virginia's  children.   This bill was bipartisan in its introduction, and with the number of  cosponsors and the historic, bipartisan nature of support for this  program, if we can get a floor vote on this bill, I think we can pass  it today and send it to the House and do so in a way that we would  avoid the need to start sending out termination letters to families,  needlessly increasing their anxiety.   I will conclude by saying that if we can bring this to the floor, I  think we can get it passed. It is an urgent issue for children across  the country--and even more than children in some ways. The children  aren't wandering around every day thinking about their healthcare, but  their parents are wondering every day, worrying desperately about their  healthcare. This would be a bill that would help both children and  parents.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   