 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we all know, President Trump is now  in China on an important trip, where his top priority is obtaining  China's cooperation in confronting North Korea's nuclear weapons  program.   While we should continue to seek China's cooperation in applying  economic and other pressures on North Korea, we also need to send a  very clear and strong message to banks in China and throughout the  world that there will be a price to pay for lack of cooperation.   That is why I am pleased that yesterday, before President Trump  arrived in China, the Senate Banking Committee, on a unanimous basis,  passed a bill to impose and enforce mandatory sanctions against banks  and financial firms in China or anywhere else in the world that help to  prop up the regime of Kim Jong Un. The bill is named the Otto Warmbier  Banking Restrictions Involving North Korea Act, or the BRINK Act, for  short. I introduced this bill with Senator Toomey earlier this year,  after North Korea engaged in its threatening and provocative missile  launches.   I want to thank Senator Toomey for his partnership in developing the  BRINK Act. I want to thank Mr. Crapo, chairman of the Banking  Committee, and Ranking Member Brown for their leadership in addressing  the North Korean threat and working to pass this bill out of the  Banking Committee with unanimous support. I want to thank all of the  members of the Banking Committee for their bipartisan effort on this  matter.   I also want to thank the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee,  Senator Corker, and the Ranking Member, Senator Cardin, for their  bipartisan leadership in confronting the threat of North Korea, and  also the leadership of the East Asia Subcommittee of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, headed by Senators Gardner and Markey. They have  been consistent in their efforts to address the North Korean threat and  to seek a peaceful resolution of this crisis.   Back in August, I had the opportunity to visit South Korea, Japan,  and China, as part of a bipartisan delegation that was led by Senator  Markey. We had the opportunity to travel not only to the DMZ zone  between South and North Korea but also to visit the city of Dandong,  which is a Chinese city on the border between China and North Korea,  along the Yalu River. That is where a lot of the cross-border trade and  transactions between North Korea and China take place.   The threat posed by North Korea to the United States and our allies  is very real. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General  Dunford, testified in September that North Korea has the capability to  strike the United States' mainland with an intercontinental ballistic  missile. North Korea has ramped up the pace of its ballistic missile  tests, firing two ballistic missiles over Japan in recent months. In  September North Korea conducted its sixth test of a nuclear weapon--the  largest yet.   The question is this: How do we deal with this threat?   Way back when it came to foreign policy and national security issues,  President Teddy Roosevelt counseled that we should ``speak softly and  carry a big stick.'' President Trump and all of us would be wise to  heed that advice. Bluster and overheated rhetoric not only will not  work, but they raise the risk of miscalculation and war with North  Korea.   It is much better to steadily and dramatically ratchet up the  pressure on North Korea to come to the negotiating table with the goal  of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. That strategy has to include  lots of elements, but an indispensable tool is putting much greater  pressure on Pyongyang.   Despite what many people think, North Korea is not sanctioned out. It  is not as if we already applied and enforced maximum economic pressure  on North Korea. In fact, our existing sanctions regime against North  Korea is much weaker than the sanctions regime we had in place against  Iran in the lead-up to the Iran nuclear deal. That is because the  United States and others have not seriously gone after the foreign  banks and firms that support the North Korean leadership and its  cronies.   The reality is that North Korea's economy is not as weak or isolated  as many believe. Its annual GDP is estimated to be $40 billion, and  China accounts for almost 90 percent of North Korea's trade. The United  Nations has repeatedly found that North Korea evades the existing  international sanctions effort and maintains access to the  international financial system, primarily through a comprehensive  network of Chinese-based front companies. North Korea relies heavily on  this network to directly support its weapons of mass destruction and  ballistic missile programs.   We have no time to waste. We must sever Kim Jong Un's economic  lifeline. That is why Senator Toomey and I have introduced the BRINK  Act and why it received such strong support. The BRINK Act targets this  illicit financial network by imposing mandatory sanctions on those  doing business with North Korea.   It sends a clear and unequivocal message to foreign banks and foreign  firms: You can do business with North Korea or you can do business with  the United States, but you cannot do business with both. That is the  choice we placed before other countries with respect to Iran, and it  helped to generate the pressure to bring Iran to the negotiating table.   If you trade with North Korea, you will not have any access to the  U.S. markets. This, as I indicated, is the choice that we ultimately  gave to Iran back in 2010, and the BRINK Act is modeled after the  sanctions laws that we applied in the case of Iran that brought them  ultimately to the negotiating table. Our goal is to cut off North  Korea's remaining access to the international financial system, deprive  Kim Jong Un of the resources needed for his regime's survival, and  create the leverage necessary for serious negotiations.    Some critics of this approach argue that China may lash out at the  United States or respond in kind. The gravity of the situation compels  us to act regardless of Beijing's reaction in these circumstances.  Simply asking China for its cooperation is not enough. It has to be  backed up by a clear message and law from the United States that there  are severe penalties for those who do not cooperate and do not abide  [[Page S7105]]  by the sanctions. That is what this bill is all about.   It is also important to note that when secondary sanctions on Iran  were put into place, the Chinese Government issued a tepid public  protest, and then privately directed its sanctioned banks to stop  working with Iran. In other words, after some quiet protest, they  complied with that secondary sanctions regime on Iran.   Moreover, Beijing claimed just this September that it is directing  its banks to freeze any North Korean accounts--a directive which, if  true, is long overdue. But it will be hard for China to say that we  shouldn't take this action if it is an action they already said they  directed their banks to take. This makes it clear that it will be in  China's economic interests to fully enforce the sanctions on North  Korea.   I am clear-eyed about the challenges we face in bringing North Korea  to the negotiating table. Previous Democratic and Republican  administrations have failed to end North Korea's nuclear and missile  programs, and because of this, some argue that Kim Jong Un will never  give up his nuclear program.   To those critics, my response is simply that we have not exhausted  all of our options on North Korea. There is incredible leakage right  now in the sanctions regime, and that leakage is what the BRINK Act is  designed to address and to close the loopholes and put teeth into the  sanctions.   The choice between accepting a nuclear North Korea or launching some  kind of preventive war is a false one. I strongly believe that this  aggressive secondary sanctions regime, as part of an overall coherent  strategy backed by our allies and the threat of force, is our best  remaining chance of achieving a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula.   Right now, we face no more urgent task than achieving a peaceful  resolution on the North Korean nuclear crisis. We need clear thinking.  We need courage. We need common sense on the choices before us. At  stake is not just the security of those in the region but, ultimately,  of the United States. It is incumbent on all of us to ensure that the  pursuit of peace prevails in this effort.   I ask my colleagues in the Senate to follow the lead of the Banking  Committee in giving this a unanimous bipartisan vote in the Senate so  we can get this to the House as soon as possible and have it signed  into law, so that when we ask other nations for cooperation, they know  that failing to cooperate with us is not an option, or if they do take  that course, they will face severe economic consequences.   So I hope the Senate will take this up without delay and that we can  pass it and get it to the President's desk.   