 Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to my colleague  from Illinois for leading this special discussion tonight. I am  grateful to have the opportunity to come here for a few minutes. And  more than anything, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  Republicans and Democrats, who have stepped up and said: Enough of the  demagoguery, enough of the fact-less conversation. Let's focus on what  is happening in the world, on how human beings are contributing to it,  and let's try to make the situation better.   I oftentimes say that, on this climate issue, neither the deniers nor  the alarmists have much to offer. It is the men and women who are  willing to sit at the table and have a sober conversation that can  really help solve this problem. There are a lot of people who are  counting on us to solve this problem.   Sea level rise is a reality. It is happening all over the world. Mr.  Speaker, you might understand why this might be important to me. I  represent a community where most people live near sea level and near  the sea. This is a real concern, especially in the Florida Keys, one of  the most attractive and dynamic parts of the country, an area that is  recovering. We hope our fellow Americans will help us continue  recovering after Hurricane Irma.   The Florida Keys and most of south Florida are significantly exposed  to this sea level rise challenge, and we know that human activity is at  least, in part, responsible for this dynamic. The Climate Solutions  Caucus is not about blaming people. It is not about pointing the  finger. It is about coming up with solutions.   I think there are really three phases to our caucus and our work. The  first phase was to bring Republicans and Democrats together, sit at the  table, have a discussion about our different perspectives on this  issue, invite in some key witnesses to help inform us. We have done  that. We have done a good job. Caucus members have a very good  relationship, a good rapport.   The next phase has been to block anti-climate legislation. We have  done that successfully here with some appropriations amendment where  the caucus has come together and said: No. We are not going to prohibit  the Defense Department from assessing the risks associated with climate  change.   Again, this is critical in my district. I happen to represent Naval  Air Station Key West, where the men and women of the Navy work hard to  train and prepare to defend our country overseas. That is a facility  that is exposed to this threat.   We came together and we defeated an amendment that would have  prohibited the Defense Department from assessing these risks.   I am really excited for the next phase of the caucus, which I hope we  can reach during this Congress, which is to find legislation that we  can all get behind and say that these are reasonable solutions that not  only help the environment and help guarantee that we are going to hand  off to our children and grandchildren the same beautiful Earth that we  inherited, but also that we are going to provide opportunities for  American innovation and growth, and new good jobs, high-paying jobs,  for young men and women from all over this country. That is going to be  very exciting, and we are all working together to get to that day where  we can promote an agenda in this Congress that will bring Republicans  and Democrats together behind a pro-environment, pro-growth policy that  will save this planet and keep our country on the cutting edge of  innovation, leading the world.   This is a not an issue that we should shy away from. We should rise  to this occasion. This is the country that has led the entire world  through a host of different challenges over the last couple centuries.  We can also do it on this climate issue, but I think we can only do it  if we do it together.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues, but especially my  Democratic colleagues tonight who have led this Special Order,  organized this Special Order. I think we all would like to invite our  colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join the caucus, especially  on my side. We are up to 30 Republicans, 30 Democrats. That is very  exciting. When I arrived here a couple years ago, I probably had only  two or three Republican colleagues who were even willing to discuss  this issue, and now there are 30 on the record. Let's keep the caucus  growing, let's keep it strong, let's work together, and let's change  the world for the better.   