 Mr. President, I wish to oppose the confirmation of  Congressman Mick Mulvaney as Director of the Office of Management and  Budget. I respect Mr. Mulvaney's public service representing the people  of South Carolina, who elected him to serve in the State legislature  and in Congress. However, the question before us today is whether the  Senate should confirm him to one of the most important economic  positions in our government--a position that has major ramifications  for global financial markets, the United States and New Mexico  economies, and the jobs, health care, and retirement security of every  American.   Unfortunately, Representative Mulvaney's record shows a shocking  willingness to put at risk the security of the public debt of the  Nation and endanger essential Federal programs that New Mexicans depend  upon. I want to underscore a few of Representative Mulvaney's previous  statements made as a Member of Congress.   First, he has supported playing chicken with the debt ceiling over  partisan political issues, an action that would jeopardize the U.S.  Government's ability to repay the public debt. If the debt ceiling is  not raised, Federal officials have said that the revenue coming into  the government would not be enough to cover its obligations-- potentially disrupting Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, veterans  benefits, military payments, student loan payments, and many other  government services.   Despite these clear dangers, Representative Mulvaney voted no on  raising the debt ceiling every time it came up for a vote in 2011,  2012, and 2013. He claimed that risking disruption to Social Security  and veterans benefits was ``a fabricated crisis.'' He went so far as to  question the majority leader, claiming that, if the Senate chose to  raise the debt ceiling, the majority leader ``should just quit and go  home.'' I, for one, will be here to defend the full faith and credit of  the United  [[Page S1208]]  States' public debt and protect essential government services that our  sick, our elderly, and our veterans depend upon.   Putting someone with such strongly held and reckless views into power  at the OMB is an endorsement of policies that could cause another  global financial crisis--devastating millions of American families. I  cannot in good conscience support his nomination for this reason alone.   Second, Representative Mulvaney is a founding member of the group of  extreme House Republicans who forced the government to shut down in  October 2013 over their blind opposition to the Affordable Care Act. In  New Mexico, the impacts of the shutdown were felt immediately as our  civilian employees were sent home from military installations, national  parks and forests were closed to tourists, and countless other services  were halted. The shutdown lasted over two weeks, and Representative  Mulvaney and other members of his extreme wing of the House could have  ended the shutdown at any time.   Representative Mulvaney claims that he opposes wasteful government  spending, but an analysis by Standard and Poor's found that the October  2013 government shutdown cost $24 billion--$24 billion with nothing to  show for it. Even Representative Mulvaney admitted that his shutdown  hurt people. On October 16, 2013, he told CNN, ``Were people hurt by  this? Sure.'' He admitted that, if you were one of the millions of  people who relied on the shuttered services, his shutdown hurt you, but  Representative Mulvaney showed little remorse. I stand by what I said  at the time. Insisting on blind cuts or a government shutdown to prove  a point isn't leadership.   Third and finally, Representative Mulvaney is on record advocating  enormous cuts to Medicare, and he is a proponent of Speaker Ryan's  preferred voucher concept for Medicare. He also has long been hostile  to Social Security and voted in the South Carolina State Senate to  declare Social Security, along with Medicaid and the Department of  Education, unconstitutional.   Workers earn their Social Security benefits through a lifetime of  paying into the Social Security system. And it is unfair to delay or  cut the benefits they have paid into. Raising the retirement age to 70,  as Representative Mulvaney has advocated, would cut benefits by nearly  20 percent for all beneficiaries. Raising the retirement age would be  hardest for those New Mexicans who work in jobs that require heavy  manual labor, which becomes harder to do as we age. With all the  challenges people have saving for retirement, especially as New Mexico  continues to struggle to recover, the last thing we should do is raise  the Social Security retirement age.   In conclusion, Representative Mulvaney has demonstrated that he has  no reservations about using a government shutdown or the public debt as  bargaining chips. He has stated that he will push to eliminate Social  Security for people under 70. He will slash Federal consumer  protections and cut support for small businesses, labor rights,  financial oversight, community health, and environmental protection. I  have heard from many people and groups--a broad coalition of consumer,  small business, labor, good government, financial protection,  community, health, environmental, civil rights, and public interest  organizations--who oppose the nomination. I stand with them. I strongly  oppose Representative Mulvaney's nomination to be Director of the  Office of Management and Budget and urge my colleagues to do so as  well.   