 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today, having  returned from the weekend in Wyoming, talking to people as a physician,  and talking to former patients of mine. What I see is that the pain of  ObamaCare is continuing to worsen around the country for men, women,  families, and people who have been living under the Obama healthcare  law for a number of years now.   This is an important day, when insurance companies have to come up  with the filings and the plans on what they plan to do for next year  with regard to plans that meet the ObamaCare mandate. So very soon,  millions of people will find out if they are going to be able to buy an  insurance plan in their own communities, regardless of the cost. We  have seen that the Blue Cross Blue Shield group in Maryland has  proposed rate increases up to 58 percent for next year in the State of  Maryland. This is after they went up 24 percent last year. How many  families can afford such a thing? But that is what we are dealing with.   That is why it is so critical that we get involved in trying to  provide relief for American families at this time, with the Obama  healthcare insurance market, certainly, collapsing. The head of Blue  Cross Blue Shield in Maryland, which is the largest insurer in the  State, has said that they see their system is in the early throes of  what is known as the insurance death spiral. Prices are continuing to  go up, fewer people are signing up, and, as a result, prices are going  to have to be raised even more. We saw last year that they went up 24  percent, and this year the proposal, going forward to next year, is 58  percent. This is a terrifying reality for people on ObamaCare today.   One of the big reasons we have been working so hard on healthcare  reform is to improve access to healthcare--not empty coverage, but  actual healthcare. So what we want to do as Republicans is get rid of  some of the excessive mandates, the expensive mandates, things that are  driving up the cost of care and certainly driving up the cost of  coverage for that care.   When prices come down, people are able to afford insurance and  companies are ready to sell that insurance. I know we have people in  Wyoming who are ready to buy it. That is how you improve access to  insurance. It is how you also improve access to care. You don't do it  by forcing the prices up and  [[Page S3666]]  then requiring people to buy coverage, which is what the Democrats who  voted for ObamaCare did. They said: You have to buy it, it is a  mandate, whether you like it or not. We know better than you do. That  is what we heard from the Democrats during the debate on President  Obama's healthcare law. That is what they passed. They passed it. They  voted for it. They didn't know what was in it. Actually, it was the  Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, who said: First you have to pass it  before you even get to find out what is in it.   President Obama gave a big speech to a joint session of Congress and  said that if people like their plans, they can keep their plans. One of  the newspapers called that the ``Lie of the Year.'' So millions of  Americans then got letters from insurance companies; over 5,000 in  Wyoming got that letter. It said: Sorry, your insurance plan isn't good  enough for government.   People ought to be able to make that decision for themselves.  Families ought to make that decision, not Democrats in Washington who  voted for the ObamaCare law. They shouldn't have the right to tell the  people of my State or any State what is best for them and their family.  It is interesting because the Democrats don't seem to want to remember  that anymore. They have selective amnesia.   It turned out that if people liked their plan, they weren't really  allowed to keep it. I heard about it again a week ago at a Wyoming  stock growers meeting--farmers and ranchers from around the State of  Wyoming who come together each year, an organization that has been in  existence longer than the State has been a State. These are hard- working people who know what works best for them, what works best for  their families. Some of these outfits have been in those families for  100 years. We have something called the Centennial Ranch program where  they gather all the family members when an outfit has been in that  family for 100 years, and they have been able really to survive so much  over the years. Often they would say, you know, whether they deal with  floods, whether they deal with fire, the biggest problem they have is  often dealing with the Federal Government. We have seen it all across  the board, and healthcare is just one of the last things to add to a  long litany of Federal Government involvement in the lives of the  people of our State of Wyoming.   So here we are today with this incredible government overreach and  the failure of that overreach, and even the insurance companies, some  of whom supported the passage of the healthcare law, are saying that  this is not working. How they reflect the fact that it is not working  is they say: OK, we are not going to sell insurance anymore. You can't  make them sell insurance. The prices have to go up too much, and it is  just not worth the effort.   One of the big insurance companies, Humana, is dropping out of the  ObamaCare exchange entirely next year. They made the announcement.  Aetna said that it is quitting the internal markets in Delaware, Iowa,  Nebraska, and Virginia. Anthem is pulling out of Ohio. The list goes  on.   Now, so far, there are over 40 counties across the country that are  expected to have no one selling insurance on the exchange--no one. In  Wyoming, we are down to one company that sells it. We had two; one lost  so much money, they were pulled off of the market. The second one,  which does sell insurance in Wyoming, continues to lose money by  selling on the exchange. They are committed to stay, but they just  scratch their heads about what the potential future may hold. We are  now seeing over 40 counties across the country where no one is selling  insurance. That is the reality of ObamaCare.    Remember, President Obama said: If you pass this, there will be huge  competition, big marketplaces. If there is only one selling insurance,  it is not a marketplace; it is a monopoly.   Next year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has said  that about 40 percent of all the counties in America will have just one  company selling on the exchange--just one--forty percent of the  counties all across America. That is a monopoly. What happens when  those companies decide to drop out?   Even for people who get an ObamaCare subsidy, if there is no one in  that community, in that county selling ObamaCare insurance, the subsidy  has no value whatsoever. It can't be used.   That is another part of the story that the Democrats refuse to talk  about. In fact, Democrats say a lot of things about insurance coverage  that aren't really telling the whole story. They have talked about the  Congressional Budget Office report; they talk about a number of things.  One of the interesting things about the Congressional Budget Office  report--the CBO report, kind of the scorekeepers that take a look at  things--on the bill that passed the House said that there will be  millions of people fewer who will have insurance if the Republican- passed bill becomes law. Well, the news headlines screamed that the  House bill would mean millions of people lose their insurance. Well,  that is wrong. That is not at all what will happen.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, when you look at it and  see why is it that there will be fewer people with insurance under  ObamaCare if you eliminate the individual mandate--the part of the law  that says you must buy a government-approved program--the Congressional  Budget Office says that if you don't mandate it, a lot of people don't  want to buy it. They don't view it as a good benefit to them. They  don't view it as worth their money.   If people aren't required to buy insurance, millions of them will  choose not to purchase the insurance, especially when they believe it  is not a good deal for them personally. I believe Americans have that  right. Apparently, the Democrats don't believe that Americans have that  right. They like the mandate. They like making people do things. That,  to me, is the difference between a Republican approach, which provides  for freedom, and a Democratic approach of government and mandates.   We want to give people the right to decide what is right for them and  their families. That is what I hear in Wyoming at the Wyoming Stock  Growers Association and as I travel around the State. People know what  is best for them and their families. Then, when all of a sudden what  they had is taken off the market because the government says that you  can't sell it anymore, that is an affront to their ability to choose  what works for them and their family, and it is things they have had in  the past. Then they got stuck buying some very expensive plan that  covered a lot of things they didn't need, didn't want, and couldn't  afford, but the government said: We know better than you do, the people  of Wyoming, the people of America.   So the Congressional Budget Office says that 8 million people who get  coverage in the individual market will decide it is just not worth  buying. They also said that there will be 4 million people on Medicaid  next year, and if you eliminate the mandate, they aren't going to sign  up for it, even when it is free, because they realize that, for many  people, being on Medicaid--a failing system--isn't providing much for  them at all.   So insurance isn't being taken from people; these are people who are  making a decision as free individuals--Americans--of how they want to  spend their money and what they want to sign up for, or not.   So the legislation that passed the House really makes no changes in  Medicaid in 2018. Yet, the CBO says millions of people on Medicaid will  drop it when the mandate goes away.   The Senate is coming up with its own solution. We are looking at ways  to make sure that Americans have access to insurance that works for  them, not just what works for Democrats in Washington. We roll back  some of the worst parts of ObamaCare. Prices for health insurance will  go down. People will have better options than the one-size-fits-all  plans that Washington has forced on the American people. They will have  other options that will work better for them and their families.   Our goal is to not do what the Democrats did. ObamaCare actually  kicked people off insurance that worked for them, pulled the rug right  out from under them; Republicans don't want to pull the rug out from  anyone. Our goal is to reform the American healthcare system so that  insurance costs less and it meets the needs of the people who buy it.  Republicans' goal is to focus on care, not just useless coverage that  ObamaCare had provided for many,  [[Page S3667]]  with narrower networks so you can't keep your doctor, you can't go to  the hospital in your community, you can't get the care you need, you  can't see certain specialists, which is what we have seen with  ObamaCare.   If Democrats want to talk about people losing their insurance, they  need to look at what ObamaCare is doing to people right now. They need  to look at people who are losing their insurance because their insurers  are walking away from them. They need to look at people who are losing  their insurance because of the premium increases we are seeing  requested in Maryland; 24 percent is actually how much it went up last  year and 58 percent in certain areas requested for this year.   Now I hear the Democrats say that they are worried about whether  people with preexisting conditions get insurance. As a doctor, I will  tell you, my wife is a breast cancer survivor; we are absolutely  committed as Republicans to make sure that no one with a preexisting  condition is left out. Democrats can't make that claim. They have made  it over the years. But if there is no one selling insurance where you  live, there is no exchange being offered, and you live in those 40  counties right now with no one selling--none--zero, and that number of  counties is going to expand next year--if you have a preexisting  condition and you are living under ObamaCare, you cannot get insurance  no matter what any Democrat says, because no one is willing to sell it  to you, even if you get a government subsidy--no one. You are left out.  That is what the Democrats have given us in this country with their  failed ObamaCare system.   So ObamaCare continues collapsing. It is going to harm more Americans  who have preexisting conditions.   The other day, Senator Schumer admitted that ObamaCare isn't  providing affordable access to care. I think it is an important  admission from the minority leader. Now it is time for him and the  Democrats to join with Republicans in the Senate--join us in providing  Americans the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   