 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, and I  have to point out that, after redistricting last year, I no longer  represent the Richmond area.    And I certainly miss my friends from Richmond.    I certainly am.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for yielding, and want to  point out that, as we discuss healthcare, we have to notice that the  Republicans are using a very flawed reasoning to try to sell TrumpCare  to the American public.   They say: ``We have a bill, and if you don't like the status quo,  therefore, you have to support the bill.''   And if you ask: ``Well, what's in the bill?'' They say: ``Well, you  have to do something.''   ``What's in your bill?''   ``I don't like the Affordable Care Act.''   ``What's in your bill?''   ``The present law is called ObamaCare.''   There is no discussion about what the bill actually does or whether  or not it improves the status quo and how the bill will affect American  families every day.   But we do know something, based on the CBO report, and that is that  TrumpCare is significantly worse than the current policy on every  level.   They complain about costs. Costs will go up under this bill. And the  only way anybody saves money on premiums is because the policies won't  cover as much of the costs. That is because they will cover a lower  percentage of the costs, and they will cover fewer benefits.   This was confirmed today by the CBO, which said that 22 million fewer  people will have health and coverage under this plan; and the policies  that people buy will cover a lot less than they cover now.   Mr. Speaker, at some point, we have to recognize fundamental  principles of arithmetic. If you give massive tax cuts to the  wealthiest Americans and corporations, as TrumpCare is proposing, you  will have less money to help those who actually need money to afford  insurance.   Less money means fewer people covered by Medicaid, fewer people  receiving subsidies to help them buy their insurance, and policies that  cover a smaller portion of the costs.   According to the CBO, TrumpCare will have a severe impact on rural  America, threatening the services covered by rural hospitals which, in  many areas, are the biggest employers in the area.   CBO also points out that the hardest hit will be those with  preexisting conditions, low-income Americans, and seniors. But even  those making $100,000, around $100,000, will also be hurt.   Mr. Speaker, why is the Senate even considering this bill? Who  benefits? Maybe it is just those wealthy Americans who will get a huge  tax cut as people lose their insurance.   