 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin), my good friend, for yielding time.   I rise today in support of this legislation, which I was happy to  cosponsor with Mr. Hoyer and our colleagues in the metropolitan region.   The joint resolution would establish an independent safety oversight  commission for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority that  will be empowered to create new safety rules, impose fines, issue  subpoenas, and direct additional funding toward safety priorities.   Consideration of the joint resolution in the United States House  follows the passage of companion legislation in the Virginia and  Maryland General Assemblies, the Council of the District of Columbia,  and the United States Senate.   The joint resolution before us represents the culmination of more  than a year of multijurisdictional, multistakeholder collaboration, and  is an example of the kind of bipartisan cooperation we need moving  forward for Metro.   For several years now, Metro has been a system in crisis, all lights  blinking red. The lack of a strict safety culture has resulted in  derailments, falsified track inspection reports, fires, track defects,  and, as Ms. Norton just indicated, has tragically claimed lives.   The previous safety oversight body, the Tri-State Oversight  Committee, was admittedly ineffective and failed to safeguard Metro  personnel and customers. It was clear the safety crisis at Metro needed  further Federal intervention.   While I am glad that the U.S. Department of Transportation took  action, I would have preferred that the Department act in accordance  with the NTSB recommendation that it be the FRA, not the FTA, that  provided that day-to-day safety oversight. Very simply, the FRA is and  was better equipped to pick up this vital mission and run with it from  day one, rather than to learn on the job with a modern, contemporary  transit system, as the FTA has had to do.   It is my hope that enactment of this joint resolution will finally  convince the FTA to reverse its misguided decision to withhold $8.9  million of Federal transit grants from Virginia, Maryland, and D.C. The  FTA announced the withholding of that money on February 10, because the  jurisdictions had not yet established a fully certified Metrorail  Safety Commission before the FTA's own arbitrary deadline.   The decision to withhold the funds, penalizing other transit systems  not related to Metro, which is authorized under the Urbanized Area  Apportionments Program, was crude and punitive, and the process that  led to the decision was anything but neat.   The 1-year timeline imposed on the jurisdictions to establish and  certify the Metro Safety Commission ignored both the unique legislative  calendars of the citizen legislatures in Maryland and Virginia as well  as the time-consuming, FTA-managed certification process itself for  State safety oversight programs.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The 1-year timeline imposed on the jurisdiction ignored those unique  legislative schedules, but the decision to withhold money as a  punishment for missing an arbitrary deadline was announced at a time,  ironically, when all three jurisdictions were, in fact, moving  simultaneously to enact just such legislation, as was requested.  [[Page H5900]]    This is no good deed going unpunished, Mr. Speaker, and the FTA did  not publish its own toolkit, application, or program standard for the  oversight program certification process until February 14 of this year,  4 days after they withheld the money punitively from those three  jurisdictions. They couldn't meet their own deadline.   As the House and Senate move to enact this joint resolution, I hope  to renew my request of the Secretary of Transportation to reverse  entirely the FTA's bad decision to block safety and maintenance  investments that are so desperately and obviously needed here in the  Metro system in Washington.   I ask my colleagues to support the joint resolution before us today  and to recognize that it is a big step forward in the region and in  terms of bipartisan cooperation.   