 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the nomination  of Ms. Seema Verma to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services, or CMS.   As a $1 trillion agency with oversight over Medicare, Medicaid, and  the Children's Health Insurance Program, as well as State health  insurance marketplaces, CMS is providing affordable health insurance to  100 million Americans, including nearly half a million Rhode Islanders.   Given the responsibility that this post entails of ensuring access to  health care coverage for our most vulnerable citizens, coupled with a  lack of commitment to fighting back against proposals by this  administration and some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  to dismantle these programs, I cannot support Ms. Verma's nomination to  be CMS Administrator.   CMS is responsible for a key aspect of the Affordable Care Act--the  health insurance marketplaces--which provide an avenue for all  consumers to shop for the health insurance options that fit their needs  and connect consumers with tax credits and subsidies that make the  coverage affordable.   President Trump and his new Health and Human Services Secretary Tom  Price are adamant about repealing the ACA and rolling back these  benefits. In her confirmation hearing, Ms. Verma was asked multiple  times to commit to protecting the ACA for the millions of Americans who  were able to access coverage for the first time because of the law, but  she would not do so. This, to me, is unacceptable.   CMS also works with States and other agencies at the Department of  Health and Human Services to ensure that the plans offered on the  exchanges are not only affordable but also provide real coverage for  when it is most needed. I am concerned with Ms. Verma's beliefs about  what health insurance coverage should look like.   During her confirmation hearing, she spoke at length about providing  consumers more choices about their healthcare. Yet she opposes many of  the protections the ACA provides for consumers. For example, she  implied that she thought maternity care should be optional. It seems to  me that for many families, they would be left with the choice to either  pay for maternity care entirely out-of-pocket--all the while paying  premiums and copays to the insurance company--or to go without care at  all. I don't think these are the kinds of choices we should be imposing  on families.   Turning my attention to Medicaid for a minute, I am deeply concerned  about the Republican proposals to fundamentally change Medicaid and  shift costs to States and to consumers. These proposals aren't new.  Year after year, Republicans--often under the leadership of then- Congressman, now-HHS Secretary Tom Price--have proposed block-granting  Medicaid, cutting the program by hundreds of billions of dollars. While  Ms. Verma is not yet confirmed, she did express support in her  confirmation hearing for this very concept--block-granting or capping  Medicaid spending. Just this week, we saw a new version of this  proposal, which simply delays cuts to Medicaid until 2020. In my  opinion, this is just a veiled attempt to help gain support for the  effort now and then turn around and decimate Medicaid in a few years.   In my home State of Rhode Island, nearly 300,000 Rhode Islanders  access healthcare through Medicaid. That is about one-third of our  population, roughly. That is a significant number for a small State  like Rhode Island. Let's break down that number to see who would be  impacted by these across-the-board cuts to Medicaid.   One out of four children in Rhode Island gets care from Medicaid and  half of the births in the State are financed through Medicaid. One in  two Rhode Islanders with disabilities are covered by Medicaid, and 60  percent of nursing home residents in the State get their care from  Medicaid. Think about what would happen if this funding is cut--and  that is the trajectory of the Republican proposals--States would have  to decide, among these populations, who will get health care, children  or the elderly in nursing homes, the disabled or other Medicaid  recipients. If States try to make up the difference, that would result  in cuts elsewhere, such as education and infrastructure. Indeed, given  the demands for health care, given the tensions between seniors and  nursing homes, and children needing care, the States will try their  best to pull from other areas. What is the next biggest area of State  expenditure? Education. Now you will have pressure on State education  budgets. Higher education particularly will be pressured. All of this  will be the ripple effect from these proposed cuts to Medicaid. And  make no mistake, when Ms. Verma and my colleagues talk about converting  Medicaid to a block grant program or capping spending, it is not about  flexibility for the States, it is about reducing the Federal commitment  to providing funding to the States.   Lastly, I am concerned about Ms. Verma's ability to safeguard  Medicare for our seniors. Over 200,000 Rhode Islanders access care  through Medicare, a benefit they have worked for and earned over their  entire careers. I believe Medicare is essential to the quality of life  for Rhode Island's seniors and for seniors across the country, and  indeed for the children and families of these seniors. In fact, I  supported the ACA because it made key improvements to Medicare that  strengthened its long-term solvency and increased benefits, such as  closing the prescription drug doughnut hole and eliminating cost- sharing for preventive services such as cancer screenings.   Over 15,000 Rhode Islanders saved $14 million on prescription drugs  in 2015, an average of $912 per beneficiary. In the same year, over  92,000 Rhode Islanders took advantage of free preventive services,  representing over 76 percent of the beneficiaries. Repealing the ACA  means repealing these benefits for seniors and shortening the life of  the Medicare trust fund by over a decade.   Unfortunately, Ms. Verma has little to no experience working with  Medicare, and in her hearing and written responses to questions, she  appeared to have very little to no familiarity with major aspects of  Medicare. In her confirmation hearing and accompanying documents, she  simply has not proven herself to be an effective advocate for  protecting these earned benefits for our seniors.   We need an Administrator for CMS who will work to safeguard health  care coverage for children, seniors, and people with disabilities, who  will seek to strengthen Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, and our entire  healthcare system. For the reasons I have outlined, along with other  reasons some of my colleagues have raised, Ms. Verma, in my opinion,  [[Page S1726]]  is not up to this task. As such, I will oppose the nomination and  encourage my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I request the ability to yield the remainder of my  postcloture time to Senator Wyden.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   