 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the tax relief bill,  which the Senate is working very hard to try to pass. I brought some  charts with me to show the impact this bill will have in terms of  reducing the tax burden for hard-working American taxpayers and also  helping to grow our economy.   It is important to understand this is not just about making sure  American taxpayers can keep more of their hard-earned wages and income  but also this is about making sure we have a growing economy, that we  have more jobs, and that we have rising wages and rising income for  American workers. Here are just some of the statistics that show that.  These statistics are according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation and  also the Council of Economic Advisers. What you see from this first  chart is, this tax relief package is about real economic growth, not  just making sure our taxpayers get a tax cut but about growing our  economy. This top number, which comes from the Council of Economic  Advisers, is $4,000 that workers, on average, would receive from the  economic growth created by the combination of reducing the regulatory  burden, which is something we have been working on all year with the  administration--reducing that regulatory burden--and combining that  then with tax relief to generate more  [[Page S7352]]  economic growth. As I said, according to the Council of Economic  Advisers and the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, it also generates almost 4  percent in terms of a larger economy.    So this is about reducing the tax rates but growing the base and  making sure, as I said, there are not only more jobs but also rising  wages and income from that demand for labor that comes with a growing  economy, that comes with investment, and that comes with job creation.  For an average family of four, the tax cut is about $2,200 under the  Senate bill. It generates about 925,000 new jobs over the scoring  period and, as I said, almost a 4-percent larger economy.   This next chart shows that across all income groups, across every  income group, you see tax relief, and that is because we start by  reducing the tax rates. So across the board, we work to make sure you  are applying a lower tax rate to whatever income cohort you are talking  about. So new rates are 10 percent, 12 percent, 22 percent, 24 percent,  23, 35, and a 38.5-percent top rate, but when you combine the lower  rates along with an increased standard deduction--we increase the  standard deduction. We about double it, from around $6,000 to about  $12,000 and $24,000 for married filers, $18,000 for a single filer with  a dependent. The result is, across every income group, we reduce the  amount of tax they have to pay.   At the same time, we preserve and expand many of the current tax  provisions that are important to our American families. For example,  the child tax credit, which is something the Presiding Officer has  worked on very diligently, would be doubled. We double the child tax  credit from $1,000 to $2,000. More family-owned small businesses and  family farms will be protected from the death tax because we double the  exemption amount. Right now, the unified credit is about $5.5 million,  and we double that to more than $11 million so that if you have a small  business or a farm, you are able to pass that from one generation to  the next without being forced to sell it. To help save for college,  expecting parents will be able to open a 529 savings account, again,  helping families with children. Businesses will be encouraged to  provide paid family and medical leave by giving them a tax credit to  partially offset an employee's pay while caring for their child or for  a family member.   We do all of this while maintaining tax deductions that are important  to many Americans. These include continuing the mortgage interest  deduction--very important for homeowners--continuing the deductibility  of charitable contributions to ensure that charities continue to  receive contributions that are so important to them, continuing the  child and dependent care tax credits, the adoption tax credit, the  earned income tax credit, and the deferred treatment for 401(k)s and  individual retirement accounts. That was something that came up  earlier. There was some concern about reducing the limits on what could  be contributed to retirement accounts on a tax-deferred basis, and we  continue those levels so individuals can continue to save for  retirement. We also continue the medical expense deduction, which is  important to seniors who have significant medical expenses.   The resulting increase in aftertax income will allow families more  financial freedom and empower them to save for their retirement or  perhaps for their children's education. Considering 50 percent of  Americans are living paycheck to paycheck and over one-third of all  families are just $400 away from serious financial difficulty, this is  much needed relief, and it is certainly overdue.   This tax relief is also very important for small businesses, so our  third chart really goes to small business, which of course is the  backbone of our economy. In my State, farming and ranching is  incredibly important, but across the country, the backbone of our  economy is small businesses. Ninety percent of the businesses in  America are small businesses, and what this chart shows is that for  passthroughs, which typically small businesses are passthroughs, that  there is income relief again at all income levels. Remember how these  passthrough small businesses work. Whether you have a sub S  corporation, a limited liability corporation, a limited liability  partnership, or a regular partnership, all these different types of  small businesses are passthroughs, meaning the income flows through the  business entity and is taxed at the individual level. That is why it is  very important that we show that across the board, at all different  income levels, small businesses benefit from this tax reduction.   By reducing the maximum tax rate for sole proprietorships,  partnerships, S corporations, and all the other passthrough entities I  just mentioned, we are creating greater economic growth and  opportunities as small businesses reinvest in their companies, reinvest  in their employees, and reinvest in their communities. For many small  businesses, equipment, business supplies, and other capital  expenditures are very costly, and it cuts into their profit margin. So  this is about helping them make those investments that enable them to  grow their businesses, increase wages, and hire more employees.   Our tax bill also allows businesses to immediately expense or write  off the cost of new investments, effectively reinvesting in our small  businesses and driving economic growth, job creation, and higher wages  for American workers.   We increase the amount allowed under section 179, something very  important to small businesses, which essentially allows them to expense  or write off their investments. This is a hugely important expensing  provision for farmers, for ranchers, and really for small businesses  across the board, and we enhance that section 179 expensing.   All the while, we work to make sure we have stable government  revenues through a broader tax base, a growing economy, and a more  efficient tax system. That means we encourage investment, and it means  the revenues that come to government come from a larger tax base and  lower rates. So, individually, the hard-working citizens pay less of  their earnings and businesses pay less as a percentage of their  revenues, but because you have that economic growth--you have that  rising tide that lifts all boats--government actually has more and  stable revenues from economic growth not from higher taxes. That is  some of what I showed in that first slide; that this is about growing  our economy and driving that economic growth.   The bill ensures that we are competitive in the global economy. In  fact, as a result of the tax relief and tax reform we are undertaking,  there is something like $2.5 trillion that is currently overseas that  now has an incentive to come home and is invested here at home in our  businesses, creating jobs in America and expansion of America's economy  rather than having that money parked overseas or invested overseas.   So, for all these reasons, I urge our colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to work to pass this tax relief, this tax reform. This really is  about making sure hard-working American taxpayers decide what to do  with their hard-earned dollars. Again, I ask that all of us work  together, pass this bill through the Senate, get it into conference  with the House, and get the very best tax relief product we can for the  American people and that we get it done before the end of the year.   With that, I yield the floor.   