 Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Basilone was the first enlisted  marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor in the war. In 1943,  the Sunday News captured his picture with his award, the first that he  would receive and the first of anyone in that war. I have had it in my  office for the years that I have been on this particular issue, Mr.  Speaker.   It is a great honor to salute Sergeant Basilone's family, a native of  New Jersey, and a hero of our Italian-American community.   He started serving his country, as you already heard, very early in  the U.S. Army; and then 3 years later, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine  Corps, where he was sent to a position on the Tenaru River in  Guadalcanal and placed in command of two sections of heavy machine  guns.   Despite being outnumbered, Sergeant Basilone and his men successfully  defended Henderson airfield from the Japanese assault. In the process,  he crossed enemy lines to replenish ammunition, he repaired artillery,  and he went several days and nights without food or sleep to lead his  troops. He led his troops to victory.   Sergeant Basilone's unprecedented heroics in the Pacific theater  during World War II have become part of the Marine Corps lore, and for  his brave service, we worked together a few years back to immortalize  John Basilone with a postage stamp. How fitting, today, we want to name  a post office after him.   Thanks to the campaign that spread through the Italian-American clubs  and veterans halls nationwide, the United States Postal Service's  Distinguished Marines stamp series included John Basilone, beginning in  2005.    He embodied the best we could hope for in a servicemember and was a  true New Jersey guy: a scrappy fighter who always wanted to be on the  front lines.   After his first tour, the Marine Corps offered to commission him as  an officer, but Basilone responded: I ain't no officer. I ain't no  museum piece. I belong back with my outfit.   He opted to return to the front lines rather than ride out the war  helping promote war bonds here at home.   Tragically, Sergeant John Basilone died when he returned to the front  lines while fighting at Iwo Jima, 27 years old. He earned the  Congressional Medal of Honor, the Navy Cross, the Purple Heart, and the  deep appreciation of a grateful nation.   John Basilone's story was brought to life to the masses in the 2010  award-winning HBO miniseries ``The Pacific.'' Montclair State  University has a Basilone dormitory, and just last year, the U.S. Navy  commissioned a destroyer as the USS Basilone.   I marched in that parade several years ago. I know that the people of  Raritan, New Jersey, have never forgotten their favorite son, and they  will be honored to have a Basilone Post Office.   Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Italian American Congressional  Delegation, I thank my colleague Leonard Lance for introducing this  measure, and I encourage my colleagues and all Americans to learn about  the storied history of Sergeant Basilone.   