 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for  his leadership on this very important issue.   I have made the statement often when I ran for this office that I ran  to change not only the course for this country, but the culture of  Washington. It is my strong belief that we cannot change the course in  any meaningful way without changing the culture.   So I want to, again, thank my colleague, Mike Gallagher, for his  leadership in rallying the freshman class, both Republicans and  Democrats, on an issue that I think, because of this unique time in the  history of our country, a time that I think calls for bold action, he  is seizing the opportunity and heeding that call on behalf of our  freshman class. And so I am deeply grateful for his courageous  leadership.   Our country, the greatest experiment in liberty and democracy, was  conceived by men of great principle; men who were committed to leading,  to governing; and, yes--and I know this isn't popular--to compromising;  making difficult decisions and putting the Nation's interest above  their own personal interest. They were also men who never envisioned a  lifelong career in politics.   In 1819, only 1 percent of Representatives had served over 16 years.  Now, 20 percent of Representatives have served over 16 years. The  current scenario where Members of Congress serve for 15, 20, even 30  years, is inconsistent with the Founders' view of citizen statesmen. We  need an environment that encourages politicians to do what is right not  by their party or some special interest, and certainly not to secure  their long-term career goals, but to do what is right for their fellow  countrymen. Period.   I think passing legislation to implement term limits across the board  is a good step in the right direction. I am grateful to be a part of  this body and a part of this freshman class. It is such a unique time  in our Nation's history.   We need to go big; we need to go bold; or we need to go home.   So thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, and my distinguished  colleague.   