 Mr. President, we are getting close to making tax relief  for Americans a reality. Last week the House released its tax reform  bill, and this week we expect the Senate Finance Committee to release  our version. In the coming days, the tax committees in both Houses will  review the bills, and then we will debate them on the floor and develop  a final version.   After years of economic stagnation, Americans are ready for relief.  They are ready to keep more of their hard-earned money. They are ready  to finally see a real pay increase, and they are ready for access to  more economic opportunity. That is what our tax reform bill is going to  provide.   To start with, our bill is going to put more money in Americans'  pockets by lowering their tax rates and doubling their standard  deduction. Under our bill, a family making $24,000 a year or less will  not be paying any taxes, and families making more than $24,000 a year  will be paying significantly less than they are paying today. We are  also going to help families by substantially increasing the child tax  credit, and we are going to simplify and streamline the Tax Code so  that it is easier for Americans to figure out what benefits they  qualify for so they don't have to spend a lot of time and money filing  their taxes.   But that is only the beginning. Americans don't just want to keep  more of their hard-earned money. They also want to be making more of  it, but Americans have had a hard time doing that lately. Wages have  been stagnant for years, and new opportunities have been hard to find.   So in addition to reforming the individual side of the Tax Code, we  are going to reform the business side so that we can give Americans  access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities that will set  them up for a secure future. In order for individual Americans to  thrive economically, we need American businesses to thrive.   Thriving businesses create jobs, they provide opportunities, and they  increase wages and invest in their workers. Right now, though, our Tax  Code is not helping businesses thrive. Instead, it is strangling both  large and small businesses with high tax rates. Small businesses are  incredibly important for new job creation. They play a huge role in the  economy in my home State of South Dakota and other States all across  the country, but the high tax rates that too many small businesses  currently face can make it difficult for them to even survive, much  less thrive and expand their operations.   So we are going to lower taxes for small businesses so that they can  grow and hire new workers. We are also going to allow small businesses  to recover their capital invested in things like inventory and  machinery more quickly, which will free up capital so they can use that  to expand and create jobs. Right now it can take small businesses  years, or in some cases even decades, to recover the cost of their  investments in equipment and facilities. That can leave them extremely  cash poor in the meantime, and, needless to say, cash poor businesses  have a hard time expanding, hiring new workers, or increasing wages.  Allowing small businesses to recover their investments more quickly  will mean more jobs and more opportunities for American workers.   In addition to high tax rates on small and large businesses, another  thing that is decreasing jobs and opportunities for American workers is  our outdated worldwide tax system, which is discouraging American  companies from investing their profits here at home in American jobs  and American workers. Having a worldwide tax system means that American  companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home as well  as on part of the profit they make abroad once they bring that money  back to the United States. The problem with this is that American  companies are already paying taxes to foreign governments on the money  they make abroad. Then, when they bring that money home, they too often  end up having to pay taxes again on part of those profits and, I might  add, at the highest tax rate in the industrialized world. It is no  surprise that this discourages businesses from bringing their profits  back to the United States to invest in their domestic operations, in  new jobs, and in increased wages.   Between 1982 and 2003, when the U.S. tax rate was much more  competitive with those other countries, there were 29 corporate  inversions where U.S. companies moved abroad. Between 2003 and 2014,  when other countries were dropping their corporate tax rates and  shifting to territorial tax systems, there were 47 such inversions.   Our tax plan addresses this drag on our economy by moving from our  outdated worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. What does  that mean? By shifting to a territorial tax system here in the United  States--a move, I might add, that is supported by Members of both  political parties--we will eliminate the double taxation that  encourages companies to send their investments and operations overseas.  Combine that with a reduction in our high corporate tax rate, and we  can provide a strong incentive for U.S. companies to invest their  profits at home in American jobs and American workers instead of  abroad.   Business tax reform is essential to reversing the economic stagnation  that we have seen in recent years. The White House Council of Economic  Advisers estimates that the tax reform framework that Republicans have  presented will boost economic growth by  [[Page S7042]]  between 3 and 5 percent. That is good news for the economy. More  specifically, however, it is good news for American workers, who can  expect to see their incomes rise as a result. A study from the White  House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that reducing the  corporate tax rate from 35 percent, where it is today--the highest, as  I said, in the industrialized world--down to 20 percent, which is more  competitive with our competitors around the world, would increase  average household income by $4,000 annually. Think about that. Reducing  the tax on businesses in this country would increase average household  income for families in America by $4,000.   A Boston University professor and public finance expert, Larry  Kotlikoff, found that lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent  would increase household income by $3,500 per year on average. This was  most recently confirmed by Martin Feldstein, a Harvard professor and  former Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, who noted in the Wall  Street Journal this week that corporate tax reform is likely to boost  household income by $3,500 per year.   There are lots of analysts, lots of experts who are looking at these  proposed changes to the Tax Code and the tax reform that we are  attempting to get through the Congress this year and onto the  President's desk, and they have concluded that not only will it reduce  taxes--the tax burden, the amount of tax that is paid by middle-income  families in this country--but the reduction in the rates on businesses  will also increase the number of opportunities for better paying jobs  and higher wages and it will raise that annual income--that average  household income--that is so desperately in need of a boost.   It has been a rough few years for the American economy and for  American workers. I think all you have to do is to look at the numbers  and you know that most Americans haven't seen a pay raise in almost the  last decade. But with comprehensive tax reform, the next few years--and  the next few decades, for that matter--can look very, very different.   Republicans' tax reform legislation is going to provide direct relief  to hard-working Americans, and it is going to create the kind of  economy that will give workers access to more jobs, to better  opportunities, and to higher wages, not just for the near term but for  the long term.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Finance  Committee, under the leadership of Chairman Hatch, to put the final  touches on our bill and to take it up in the committee next week. Then,  I hope we can bring that bill to the floor of the Senate and have an  open debate, process amendments, and pass something through the Senate  that we can conference with the House of Representatives, put it on the  President's desk, and move our economy in a direction that will provide  a brighter and more prosperous future for American workers and American  families.   It is time to give the American people some relief.   I yield the floor.   