 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me  the customary 30 minutes; and I want to begin by expressing my  appreciation to both the Speaker of the House and the minority leader  for their presentations before the full House yesterday in the  aftermath of this terrible tragedy, which has wounded our colleague,  Steve Scalise, and two Capitol Police officers, and two staffers.  [[Page H4925]]    We were all horrified by what happened, but I thought both the  Speaker and the minority leader came to the floor and set the right  tone, not only for this Congress, but for the Nation. And Speaker Ryan,  yesterday, I thought, truly was the Speaker of the entire House of  Representatives because when he said that an attack against one of us  is an attack against all of us, I think everyone feels that way.   I thought it was also important that both Speaker Ryan and Minority  Leader Pelosi reminded us that we are all part of one family. Sometimes  we might be a little bit dysfunctional, but the bottom line is we are  all part of one family. And like all families, we have our  disagreements, we have our points of view, and we fight for what we  believe in, and there is nothing wrong with that. In fact, that is what  is right about this country.   But, clearly, our politics in this country have gotten coarse and, in  many cases, ugly, and what happened yesterday is something that I think  that all of us are deeply shocked by. And so we pray for our colleague,  Steve Scalise, we pray for Matt Mika, Zachary Barth, and the two  Capitol Police officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner. We pray for  their speedy recovery.    I, too, want to echo the sentiments that were stated yesterday by our  leadership, both in the Republican and the Democratic Parties, that we  honor our Capitol Hill police officers. I mean, they protect us each  and every day. They put their lives on the line for us. And if they  weren't there, the situation could have been much, much worse, and so I  thank God that they were there.   As far as the rule goes, the gentleman from Texas knows how I feel  about closed rules. I voice my opinion on that often, and I will  continue to voice my opinion on that. But I don't think today is the  time for me to prolong this debate, and I think we should move on, and  that is what I intend to do.   Just one final thing, Mr. Speaker, on a personal note. This is the  last rule that David Vince will work on here in the Rules Committee. He  has been a fixture over the past several years, both in committee  meetings and here on the House floor. He has worked on everything from  healthcare to national security and on complex legislation impacting  the financial industry.   When David started working here in 2011, he went by his full name,  David M. Cooper-Vince. But since he married his wife, Jessica, he now  insists we simply call him David Vince, so we are all still adjusting  to the change.   But there is good news. While David Vince is leaving the House, he is  not going far. He will attend graduate school at Georgetown University  here in Washington to study business. We all wish David and his wife,  Jessica, well, and we hope to welcome him back to government service  again someday.   So, David, thank you very much for your incredible service to this  House.   Again, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary  30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   