 Mr. Speaker, I spent the last 30 days traveling  Indiana's best district--that is the Ninth District--and I had many  memorable conversations with many Hoosiers. But one thing came through,  and that was we need to work together right here in D.C. in order to  get better outcomes for our businesses back home.   Nowhere is this better exemplified than this bill, the Improving  Access to Capital Act. It is about getting small businesses engaged and  empowered with the capital that they need in order to grow, in order to  hire, in order to invest. That is exactly what we want them to do.   And on the second point, it is exciting to me to be able to reach  across the aisle and work with Representative Sinema, who has been  nothing but great in her leadership in her fervent desire to help small  businesses all the way across this country.   The Improving Access to Capital Act sounds like it might be something  esoteric, and sounds like it might be something that isn't immediately  practical to the small businesses across the Ninth District and across  this country, but, in fact, it is something that they can use tomorrow.  This creates another avenue for small businesses across the country to  be able to raise the money that they need in order to innovate, in  order to grow, in order to expand, in order to hire more Americans.  This is just simply another arrow in the quiver for them to be able to  grow and develop.   Small businesses account for the bulk of hiring across this country,  they account for the bulk of innovation across this country, and we  need to be doing everything we can to continue to promote them. That is  exactly what Representative Sinema and I have done with this particular  legislation, is work hard to develop a bipartisan solution, one that  was supported unanimously out of the Financial Services Committee in  order to provide those companies with more options and more  opportunities to be able to grow.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of  this legislation and let's get America back to work again.   