 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I have sat here and listened to Democrats,  year after year, talk about how they are so much more committed to the  middle class and to the poor, as they have driven us right into  bankruptcy.   Instead of trying to work on these matters so that we are not driven  into bankruptcy, it is more and more spending, more and more Federal  Government, more and more regulations, and more and more controls, all  of which tend to make us less and less efficient, less and less  successful, less and less able to do the will of the people, less and  less able to really do the things we have been sent here to do.   Now we are having a lot of complaining about what is going on right  now, but, to make a long story short, the Democrats are pushing a  financial system that was bound to take us right into bankruptcy. We  might have had 2 more years where payments could be made, but we have  gone right straight to hell as far as being able to handle the matters  that are so important to every one of us in this country.   Now, I have to admit that our side has some flaws, too. Some of our  people think that we should do a better job without any money, or that  we should do a better job without any increase in taxes, or that we  should do a better job without the Federal Government. Both sides have  been in error. Both sides have been, from time to time, wrong.   But I have to say, as a former Democrat when I was coming up in  Pittsburgh, PA, when I went to Brigham Young University, by the end of  my time at Brigham Young University, I thought: My gosh, how could I  have ever believed this stuff--which is more and more government, more  and more spending, more and more bureaucracy, more and more controls  over all of our lives, and less and less freedom.   I can remember the days when we couldn't get the other side to work  as hard as we should on national security issues, which were critical.   Both sides have room to grow. Both sides have room to improve. Each  side could do a better job here, and I have lived for the day when we  both could work together, arm in arm, for the betterment of this  country. But the betterment of this country isn't to go to socialized  medicine, which is where the Democrats actually took us, until we  finally pulled them back a little bit. Now, they had the help of some  Republicans to do that, but the fact of the matter is that they were  moving us right to socialized medicine, which really has never worked  anywhere. It is as though they prey on the poor as though they are the  only ones who could help them, when in fact they are part of the reason  we are poor.   The government cannot do everything. The government should not do  everything. We, as a people, have to help ourselves and do a lot to  help our country in the process.   I get a little disgusted sometimes when I see the lack of  communication between the two sides, the lack of working together. One  side believes the Federal Government is the last answer to everything.  My gosh, you have to be a real raving idiot to believe that. Well,  maybe I shouldn't have put it that way. The other side sometimes has  trouble seeing how we should help the poor and help those who are less  fortunate than we are. But we have a lot of people on the Republican  side who have spent a lot of time trying to help the poor, trying to  get this country going again, trying to get the economy on top, and  trying to get it so that we really can help the poor and not just mouth  off about it.   I am very concerned because, if we don't get together and start  working together, it is going to get worse and worse and worse. But I  think the crocodile tears on the other side, as we have watched them  over the last year pushing us more and more toward socialized  medicine--something that will not work, one-size-fits-all government  programs, with no real restraint of growth or spending, just more and  more buying of votes. I come away pretty disconsolate and concerned  about the direction in which we are going.   Both sides have enduring pluses, and both sides are wrong in some  ways. Sooner or later, we have to find some way of assisting the  greatest country in the world--which has the greatest economic system  in the world, which believes in the free market system--and to do so  without total government control.   My friends on the other side like that government control because it  means more control by them. We dislike it because we think they  shouldn't have this kind of control. We know that is not good for the  country. It is not good for the people. It is not good for our future.  It is not good for our economy, but that is where we are. I would like  to see us someday just really start working in the best interest of the  country and a little less in the best interest of our respective  parties.    I am concerned about where we are going. I am concerned about how  little effort is being put forth to try and bring us together. I am  concerned about the itty-bitty, stupid, partisan infighting that goes  on here constantly. It is not all bad, but it is not all good either. I  am very concerned about a lot of this driven by a media that is one- sided, that really doesn't tell the truth, that really doesn't help us  in this country--everybody--to know what is wrong. I think the media  has gotten better in recent years, but it has pretty well been one- sided. I don't think anybody with brains would deny that.   I am really concerned because I believe we have great people here.  There are some wonderful people on the Democratic side. We know we have  a lot of good people on the Republican side. We have to somehow find a  way of bridging the gap and getting together and making this country  solid, dependable, economically sound, and deserving of being called  the greatest country in the world. I think we can do that, but we can't  do it if we don't work together. We can't do it if we can't put aside  Republican and Democratic itty-bitty problems and work together. We  can't do that if we don't care. We can't do it if we keep having the  ridiculous, stupid politics that go on around here year after year. It  is not all bad, but it is certainly not all good either. I hope that  somehow the more reasonable people on both sides will get together and  start to work together.   I remember when I became chairman of the Labor and Human Resources  Committee in 1981 with the advent of Ronald Reagan. The Democrats had  been in control for years, and they knew it. My gosh, when I got here,  there were 60 Democrats in the Senate--62 Democrats, 38 Republicans. It  was hard to get a point of view across; that is, the Republicans' point  of view. Then Ronald Reagan came along. I have to say, it brought an  awareness to the public that something was wrong here, and he was able  to bring us together.   I saw some of the greatest Senators over the years on both sides work  together. I saw Daniel Patrick Moynihan come here and work with people  like me. Some mentioned Senator Kennedy and Senator Hatch. When I  became chairman of the Labor and Human Resources Committee, Kennedy had  been chairman of the Judiciary Committee and came over to become my  ranking member. I have to give him credit because he was willing to  give and to work together. He always had to have his share of whatever  it was, but he did move. He did come over. He was willing to. Some  point to that particular Hatch-Kennedy period as a pretty good period  at the time in the U.S. Senate. Certainly Ted Kennedy did. He was  calling me from the Cape before he died, knowing I cared for him,  knowing we were people who fought for very hard battles against each  other, from time to time, but who really respected each other because  we both believed in our respective sides, and we were willing to stand  up for our particular beliefs. I don't see as much of that today as I  did then. Maybe I am shortsighted. I don't know, but I don't think so.   I am very concerned that we are not doing the job for the American  people in our little bitty fights that we have around here that don't  amount to a hill of beans. I am somewhat depressed because of the way  things are going right  [[Page S7511]]  now. I can't say I am discouraged because I keep thinking we can come  back, we can do better, we can witness things, and we can find ways of  getting together. We can work together, but so far I haven't seen that,  not for a number of years. We can blame both parties for it, I am sure.  One party believes the Federal Government is the almighty blessing to  all of this, while the other believes, hey, we need not allow a central  government to control everything. It is good that we have two  differences of opinion in these areas. I don't think it hurts the  country at all to have differing opinions, but it does hurt the country  when one side thinks their opinion is the only opinion that should be  given any credence or consideration. I have seen a lot of that around  here. Both sides are at fault, by the way. I am very concerned about  it.   I look over at my colleague from Oregon. When he was chairman, I was  his ranking member. When I am chairman, he is my ranking member. We  have gotten along well. He is a proud liberal, and deservedly so, and I  am a proud conservative. I think most people would say deservedly so.  We are two people who can make this place sane and who have been  working assiduously together to try to help our country.   I see these two-bit, partisan politics arising all the time around  here, and I don't think we benefit from it. In fact, I know we don't  benefit from it. I am not meaning to blame anybody, but I think we  ought to all do some self-awareness studies and determine what role we  have in the deterioration of what has always been great about the U.S.  Senate. What role do we have? Are we living a plus role or are we  living a minus role? It would be wonderful if we could all live plus  roles.   I like my Democratic colleagues, every one of them. There is not one  of them I don't care for. I am hoping we can start working together and  open our eyes and our hearts and our minds to some of the points of  view of the other side. It is hard to do sometimes because we have  people around here who are so partisan that they think there is only  one side. I can tell you, there are two sides.   I remember the day when Republicans wouldn't vote for any social  spending program, and I remember the day when Democrats thought  everything should be a social spending program and didn't care where  the moneys were coming from or if they were there at all. I have seen  both sides, both extremes, throughout my 41 years in the U.S. Senate. I  have also seen times when leadership, true leadership, has brought us  together, where consideration was given to the Democratic side,  consideration was given to the Republican side, and we worked out our  difficulties. We worked together. We didn't mouth off all the time  against the other side. Naturally, I like those days better than what  we have today.     Yes, sir.    Yes, sir.    I didn't yield to you. I am saying I will yield for a  question.    I felt bad about that.    I felt bad about that.    I would like to be able to look at that particular  analysis. There are other analyses that indicate that, yes, we can do  better in this bill but also would disagree with that one. I don't  happen to have my hands on those documents at this time.   To make a long story short, we know you can come up with any outside  liberal faction and come up with criticisms of anything around here,  and we also know we can find some outside conservative factions that  would cause most of us to cringe and wonder what in the world is going  on.   I can tell you this. I know what is going on; that is, we are  spending ourselves into bankruptcy, and we are not doing a good job  here. We are not watching the moneys of the American people. In fact,  one reason we can't watch them very well is because they are all spent.  We continuously have people come to the floor and act like they are  better than others because they want to spend all our money to help the  poor. I would love to help the poor. I grew up in a very poor family-- poor in the sense of money, great in the sense of everything else.   Let's be honest about it. We are in trouble. This country is in deep  debt. You don't help the poor by not solving the problems of debt too.  You don't help the poor by continually pushing more and more liberal  programs through that don't do the job anyway. You don't help the poor  by continually pushing programs that really don't work.    For a question.    For a question.    If you have a question----    I got the point.    I got the point.    I got the point.    Let me take the floor back.   Nobody believes more in the CHIP program than I. I invented it. I was  the one who wrote it. Kennedy came over and became the one who helped  put it through.    Of course I do. I don't think I do everything on my own  here. I have to have good Democratic friends to do it. I don't think  you do either. Let me tell you something. We are going to do CHIP.  There is no question about it, in my mind. It has to be done the right  way. The reason CHIP is having trouble is because we don't have any  money anymore. We just add more and more spending and more and more  spending, and you can look at the rest of the bill for the more and  more spending.    I happen to think that CHIP has done a terrific job for people who  have really needed the help. I have taken the position around here for  my whole Senate service that I believe in helping those who cannot help  themselves but would if they could. I have a rough time wanting to  spend billions and billions and trillions of dollars to help people who  will not help themselves--who will not lift a finger--and expect the  Federal Government to do everything.    Unfortunately, the liberal philosophy has created millions  of people that way, who believe everything that they are or ever hope  to be depends upon the Federal Government rather than on the  opportunities that this great country grants them.   I have to say that I think it is pretty hard to argue against these  comments because, if you look it over, for decades now, we have been  spending more than we have, building more and more Federal programs,  some of which are lousy, some of which are well-intended, and some of  which are actually good, like the CHIP program. We are going to get  CHIP through. There is no question about that. I am going to see that  it gets through.    I will yield for a question.    I will yield for a question.    I was the one who pulled Kennedy into it.    I wrote the doggone bill.    I wrote the doggone bill.    I don't intend to let that happen. I think that we will  get CHIP taken care of and, hopefully, a number of other things, too,  but we are going to have to resolve some of these big problems around  here, it seems to me, before we do get those problems solved.    But to prey upon the CHIP program as though it is the be- all and end-all of everything here in every aspect of this debate is  not quite right either.   All I can say is that I don't know anyone here who is not going to  support CHIP when we bring it up, and I am one who wants to make sure  that we bring it up. I appreciate my friend's feelings on this matter.   Look, I like my friend from Ohio. He is sincere; he is dedicated; he  is liberal and well-meaning, but I would like to see him be a little  more concerned about everyone else.   Let me just finish by saying that I am happy to be in this body. It  is the greatest deliberative body in the world, but we are not living  up to our potential, and we are not doing the job. We are getting into  these little snits and fights around here that don't amount to a hill  of beans in the final analysis. I would like to see us all get together  and start running this country in a good manner--living within our  means and finding ways of increasing our economy so that we can take  care of the poor better than we are right now and do the things that we  all know we should be doing.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   