 Mr. President, in recent months, Americans have been hit  by a string of natural disasters--from devastating hurricanes in Puerto  Rico, Florida, and Texas, to catastrophic wildfires in Oregon, Montana,  and California. Earlier this week, the Senate voted to provide urgent  relief to our communities in need.   Although Colorado was fortunate this year--we could have easily had  fires, but we were very fortunate, unlike Montana, this year--we know  the devastation of wildfires all too well. In 2012, the Waldo Canyon  fire raged for 16 days, incinerating 18,000 acres, destroying over 300  homes, and forcing the evacuation of more than 32,000 Coloradans. Years  later, our communities are still recovering from the damage.   Out West, wildfires can be catastrophic events. Yet Washington  continues to fund them differently than other major disasters, such as  hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods. When those disasters strike, we pay  for emergency response from an entirely separate account. When a  wildfire catches, that cost falls entirely on the U.S. Forest Service.  If it is a catastrophic fire, as we see now in Montana and Northern  California, those costs can easily exceed the Forest Service budget for  fire suppression. That forces the Forest Service to borrow funds from  other accounts to make up the difference. That is something no one has  to do for any other disaster in America. This is often at the expense  of efforts to prevent the next catastrophic fire.   It stands to reason that if we spend less and less on fire  prevention, which is what the Forest Service is doing every year  because of the way the Congress has set this up, we are going to spend  more and more on fire suppression, fighting fires, and that is what is  happening. That is exactly what has happened.   In 1995, the Forest Service spent around 16 percent of its budget on  fire suppression--16 percent. Last year, it spent over half of its  budget. For the first time in the Forest Service's history, they spent  over half their budget fighting fires. You might as well call it the  fire-fighting agency, not the Forest Service agency. In fact, the  number was closer to 60 percent. The Forest Service had to borrow over  half a billion dollars from other accounts in the agency--accounts that  are important to Colorado, Wyoming, and Alaska.   While we replenished those accounts in disaster aid packages earlier  this year, we once again failed to address why they were depleted in  the first place. Until we do, we are going to find ourselves in the  same position every year. This is no way to run a government. It makes  no sense from a fiscal perspective, and it makes no sense from a public  welfare perspective. This is not how we should manage our taxpayer  dollars. Undercutting fire prevention is the definition of being penny  wise and pound foolish. Every dollar we  [[Page S6834]]  spend on disaster prevention leads to $5 of savings down the road.   We need to reinvest in fire prevention and in forest mitigation. In  Colorado, our forests are in terrible shape. And it is not just  Colorado citizens who need to care about that; anybody who lives  downstream of our rivers, which are States all across America, needs to  care about the condition of those headwaters. Those headwaters that are  owned by the public, entrusted in the Forest Service, are in terrible  shape because of this Congress's inability to deal with this.   We have over 800 million dead standing trees in the State of Colorado  alone. Our communities, our watersheds, and our infrastructure are at  risk. The Forest Service knows how to do this. They know how to  mitigate that--by thinning timber and managing prescribed burns. But  right now, all of those projects are on hold because the Forest Service  anticipates having to fight more catastrophic fires next season. This  is ridiculous. This is an affront to the people of Colorado and the  people of the West.   We have a solution. It is a simple solution. Let's pay for fire  suppression the same way we pay for other disasters. Our bill, the  Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, would do just that. It is backed by  seven Democrats and, I am very proud to say, by four Republicans.  Unlike a lot of issues in Washington, both parties actually agree on  the solution.   I know the administration is eager to fix this problem. Secretary  Perdue knows that the current system makes no sense. He said as much at  his confirmation hearing and again when he invited--and I so much  appreciated this; we didn't ask--a bipartisan group of Senators to the  Forest Service in September to discuss this. He knows that important  wildfire mitigation projects are not getting done. He wants to fix the  problem, and we should. It is far past time. This makes no sense from a  fiscal point of view.   I know some colleagues in this Chamber would prefer to couple our  proposal with broader forest management reforms. I have been part of  forest management discussions in the past, and I want to continue those  discussions. In fact, in the last farm bill, we worked across the aisle  to improve forest management.   Let's be clear. For years now, efforts to link broad forest  management reform with a funding fix have failed. They will not pass  the Senate. Each year we do nothing, we continue to shortchange fire  prevention, the good people who work for the Forest Service all across  the country in our States, and we needlessly expose our communities to  greater risks.   We have to act--Colorado and the West cannot wait another year--and  we will have a chance when Congress votes on another disaster package  over the next few months. We should use that opportunity to finally fix  this problem and put the Forest Service in a stronger position to  prevent the next catastrophic fire.   I thank my colleague from Wyoming for his patience and for his  leadership on the Budget Committee.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   