 Mr. Chair, I would say to my colleague from Kentucky, I  think the rhetorical device that he is using at the end of each speaker  is very effective and it is persuasive. But I would challenge him with  this: I think one of the things that we have got to struggle with as a  body, both Republicans and Democrats alike, is not being selective on  the issue of the deficits. What we can't say is deficits are okay if it  involves more spending for all of us as a body to distribute as we see  fit, but deficits are not okay if they involve a tax cut and sending  money back to individuals within each of our communities.   It is for that reason, again, I have voiced my concerns with regard  to some of the components of this budget. But I think that the big  issue for me is, simply, we cannot continue to spend as we are and have  the ship of America sail forward.   It was Erskine Bowles who was the Democratic Chief of Staff to former  President Clinton who observed: ``We are walking our way toward the  most predictable financial crisis in the history of man if we don't get  our arms around spending.''   So, for me, while not perfect--and I certainly cede that point--I  think the building blocks of what this budget is trying to get toward  is a sustainable economy.   How do you have a sustainable economy?   Many of the things that my Democratic colleagues have talked about in  terms of education, workforce development, those things. But it is also  about the foundation of: Is our spending sustainable?   You can't go on spending more than you take in forever without having  bad things happen at the individual level, at the corporate level, and  certainly at the governmental level.   I think it is about: Is our tax load sustainable?   Spending drives tax loads, which is interesting. I pulled a chart  that shows for the first 100 years of our country's existence, we spent  about 3 percent of GDP. It bumped up after World War II. We are now  roughly around 20 percent, and we are on our way to 30 percent.   The question we have to ask in this budget or any other budget like  it is: Can we continue to do this without going to the exact spot that  Erskine Bowles was talking about?    Finally, I would simply make this point: Not only can  you only squeeze but so much blood from a turnip--and there are  certainly limits that have shown themselves, which is around 18 or 20  percent of GDP, regardless of tax rate, up, down; there is that--but  there is also this: You can pay me now, or you can pay me later in  life.   A deficit is simply a deferred tax. A debt is simply an accumulation  of deferred taxes. One of the things, again, we have to get our arms  around is that we are stacking up deferred taxes. We are stacking up an  accumulation of taxes with debt and deficits. This budget, I think,  begins to nudge us in the right direction in doing something about it.   