 Mr. President, first, I applaud the Senator from Alaska.  He makes us all want to be there.   Mr. President, let me speak for a moment in my role as vice chairman  of the Senate Appropriations Committee about the continuing resolution  that the distinguished majority leader has just mentioned.   The current spending caps set in place by law will not responsibly  fund the government or alleviate the consequences of sequestration on  both our domestic priorities and our military readiness.   Since March 1, along with many others, I have constantly repeated  that we must reach a bipartisan budget deal that is based on parity,  free of poison pill riders, not waste taxpayer dollars on a useless  border wall, which we will never be reimbursed for by Mexico. But with  the current continuing resolution expiring tomorrow, we are running out  of time to reach an agreement.   The continuing resolution before us today will allow us more time to  reach a bipartisan agreement and keep the government's lights on during  negotiations. I will join with the distinguished majority leader in  voting for this, but the key to successful negotiation during that time  is parity. Sequestration has had devastating consequences on our  country that are going to impact a generation, but we have to raise the  caps on both sides of the ledger--defense and nondefense.   Anywhere you go, the vast majority of Americans will agree that it is  not an academic exercise. The decisions we make here today have real  impacts on people's lives.   There is no question that sequestration has hurt our military  readiness, but it has also hurt our Nation's economy, and it has led to  a decline in critical government services on which millions of  Americans depend.   Our veterans have been shortchanged. An average of 558,000 veterans  fail to get a healthcare appointment during the 30-day standard. The  average wait time for the VA to process a benefit appeal is over 3  years.   Our infrastructure is crumbling. America, this great Nation, now gets  a D-plus rating from the American Society of Civil Engineers. This  means that the roads, the bridges, the dams, the drinking water, the  public parks, and the schools we all use and depend on have a near- failing grade.   Education programs have suffered. The purchasing power of the maximum  Pell Grant now covers only 29 percent of the average price for college.   Our elderly citizens are getting shortchanged. More than 1 million  Social Security benefits appeals are backlogged an average of 605 days.  An estimated 10,000 people die each year before their appeals are  completed.   I could go on and on.   If we raise the caps for defense programs but do not also raise the  caps to properly fund our nondefense priorities, we will still  shortchange our men and women in uniform. If we don't invest in our  Nation's economy and educate our youth, the military will not have the  expertise, qualified soldiers, or advanced research that it needs to be  the best in the world. If we don't invest in diplomacy, our world will  become less safe and we will be less safe. As our Secretary of Defense  said: If you are not going to invest in diplomacy, you better buy me  more bullets. And we would fail to provide the level of care for our  veterans that they deserve.   I have talked with both Republicans and Democrats. I am confident we  can reach an agreement that addresses our country's needs and  responsibly funds our government.   As we in the Congress work on it, it is discouraging that the  President has cast doubt on these negotiations. He has even invited a  ``good [government] shutdown.'' His party is in charge, so I don't know  why he would say that. Even more discouraging is a recent Washington  Post story that said the President has told his confidants that a  government shutdown would be good for him politically.   Well, there are 325 million Americans who are going to be affected by  a government shutdown. It is irresponsible. It is no way to govern. In  all my years in the Senate, with Republican and Democratic Presidents  alike, never have I heard such damaging rhetoric come from either a  Republican or Democratic President of the United States.   The last Republican shutdown in 2013 dealt a devastating blow to the  Nation's economic growth. It amounted to an estimated $1.5 billion lost  for each day of the 16 days of the shutdown. Federal workers were  furloughed through no fault of their own for a combined total of 6.6  million days, stalling important research and grinding our government  to a halt.   I know the Republicans are in charge of the House, the Senate, and  the White House. If there is a Republican shutdown this fiscal year, it  is because they want one. I have talked to a lot of Republicans and  Democrats, whom I respect and work with every day, who hope the 2-week  continuing resolution before us is an indication we will not go down  that path. I hope these Republicans will work with Democrats to produce  a responsible, bipartisan budget deal that meets the needs of our  Nation.   We have squandered enough time. I stand ready, as I have been since  March, when we negotiated a budget agreement that kept us from having a  shutdown last time. I will work with the Republican leadership, as I  did then, to secure the funding agreements we need to complete our  appropriations  [[Page S7925]]  work for this fiscal year. This 2-week continuing resolution will give  us that chance.   I urge my Democratic colleagues to join with the Republican leader  and vote aye.   Mr. President, how much time is remaining before the vote?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator has 8 minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    And how much time is there on the other side?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nine minutes.    So we will not vote unless time is yielded back.   I believe there are no other speakers.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back  on both the Republican and Democratic sides.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   All time is yielded back.   The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the  third time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the  third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass?    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk called the roll.   