 Mr. Speaker, the United States is blessed with a wealth  of domestic energy resources, allowing our Nation to responsibly  develop safe, abundant, and affordable energy to meet our own needs.   The Third District of Colorado has blue skies, clean water, while  maintaining a healthy amount of responsible development of oil, natural  gas, and coal production in its many communities.   According to the Energy Information Agency, coal accounted for  approximately 60 percent of the electricity generated in Colorado in  2015; yet this vitally important resource that provides affordable  energy and jobs to many of our families' homes has come under attack.  Backed by radical interests, the government has issued new rules and  regulations under the guise of environmental protections, but whose  true intent is to bankrupt the coal industry with regulatory  compliance.   The stream protection rule is a solution in search of a problem.  Modern mining operations are already adept at avoiding impacts to  watersheds, as the Office of Surface Mining's own numbers show. The  industry is also already subject to a wide array of environmental  statutes and regulations enforced by various Federal and State  cooperating agencies.   I urge the passage of this resolution and encourage my colleagues to  support it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Michigan (Mr.  Huizenga) for offering the resolution under consideration today.  [[Page H854]]    This resolution of disapproval will repeal the SEC's resource  extraction rule, which imposes burdensome disclosure requirements on  public companies engaged in the commercial development of natural gas,  minerals, and oil.   The SEC's mission is to protect investors, maintain efficient  markets, and facilitate capital formation. Unfortunately, the resource  extraction rule is well outside the bounds of these mandates, which  acting SEC Chair Michael Piwowar noted in his dissent of the rule  saying that it `` . . . neither reforms Wall Street nor provides  consumer protection and it is wholly unrelated, and largely contrary,  to the Commission's core mission.''   When our businesses are being overwhelmed by compliance obligations,  it is crucial that our regulators do everything in their power to  ensure regulations do not actively disrupt growth by enforcing  nonmaterial, socially motivated disclosures like those included in the  resource extraction rule.   The SEC itself has admitted that this rule will be costly. The SEC  estimates that the ongoing compliance cost for the resource extraction  rule could reach as high as $592 million annually and noted that the  disclosure requirements could result in capital being diverted away  from productive opportunities. An agency tasked with maintaining  efficient markets and facilitating capital formation should not be  promulgating unnecessary and burdensome rules like this.   Dodd-Frank is full of examples like the resource extraction rule that  require Federal agencies to engage in rulemaking on topics outside of  their substantive experience and jurisdiction. In the future, I urge my  colleagues to craft legislation in a bipartisan manner that only  requires actions consistent with the mission of the applicable agency.  Until then, however, it is necessary for Congress to exercise its  oversight power to unwind these misguided regulations that have  hampered economic growth.   I am happy to lend my support to this resolution and encourage my  colleagues to support this commonsense measure.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how  much time I have remaining?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 7  minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 11\1/2\ minutes  remaining.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.   