 Mr. President, I want to follow the comments made by the  President pro tempore of the Senate--the Senator from Utah--talking  about problems that people have and problems that grow every day with  their future look at healthcare and what it may mean for their  families.   This is a top-of-the-mind issue for families in Utah, or Missouri,  where I am from, or Montana, where the Presiding Officer is from, or  Massachusetts. Anywhere in the country, anyone who is looking at this  system and hoping to have a system they could rely on is finding that  it is just not working. This is a plan that clearly has failed. It was  a plan that gave all kinds of assurances, virtually none of which have  been kept.   In our State today, we got some bad news in Missouri about what that  health insurance exchange looks like next year. Blue Cross Blue Shield  serves 30 counties in our State. Another Blue Cross-related group,  Anthem, serves the rest of the State. But today, Blue Cross Blue Shield  announced that it is going to pull out of the exchanges next year. Some  31,000 people in 25 counties around Kansas City will have no insurer at  this moment who is willing to sell policies on the individual exchange.  This is devastating news for those families--maybe they are already on  their second or third insurance company in as many years--trying to  wade through yet another individual plan that tells them what might or  might not be covered. This is certainly a long way from the assurances  that you would be able to keep your plan and you would be able to  continue to see the doctors you like. It seems a long way from that  pledge. Remember that pledge? If you like your plan, you can keep your  plan. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. It didn't turn  out to be that way at all.    In fact, in the five other counties that Blue Cross is leaving in our  State--and I don't say this with any disrespect toward that nonprofit  company--they are losing money. This system won't work, and that is why  we are down from multiple companies willing to offer insurance in all  kinds of counties around the country to now States, like Iowa, having  no insurance company at all that will offer an individual policy  anywhere.   In the five metropolitan counties in the Kansas area, they have three  competitors this year in those five counties. Humana announced in  February that they would be leaving next year. Blue Cross announced  today that they would be leaving. So 5 metropolitan counties at this  moment, at least, have only one company that will even offer  [[Page S3120]]  a policy, and 25 counties have no company that will offer a policy  based on that announcement. If you only have one choice, do you really  have any choices at all?   Under this plan, unless we go in a very different direction, the  choice is to buy the policy or pay the penalty. This exchange that was  promised where the average family would see their insurance costs go  down $2,500 a year--this is as far from that promise as you could  possibly get. Not only has your policy likely gone up more than $2,500,  but your deductible has gone up in even higher percentages than that.   Certainly, 30 percent of the counties in America right now only have  one company that will offer insurance. As I said earlier, our  neighboring State to the north, Iowa, has no company that will offer  insurance to anybody on the individual market. What kind of system is  that?   In my State, we have 114 counties and the city of St. Louis in  addition to those 114 counties. At this moment, 97 of them have only  one company that will offer insurance. Unless things change  dramatically, in January, 25 of those 97 will have no company that will  offer insurance. Now, 77 counties--unless the one company offering  insurance decides it can't participate in that market either--would  have only one choice. I think it is likely that those 77 counties will  see some change in whether they have one choice or no choice.   Last week, I came to the floor to talk about Missourians who have  problems and who are seeing their out-of-pocket costs skyrocket under  this. Let me share another story about one of the several people we  heard from this week.   Holly is a cancer survivor. She lives in Southeast Missouri. She was  forced again this year to switch insurance policies when the insurance  company she had left the individual exchange, the ObamaCare exchange.  That left Holly with only one choice. Again, people in the vast  majority of our counties have the same option--they have one option.  Holly had one option, and that carrier didn't cover any of her four  cancer doctors. Now, remember, this is a cancer survivor who literally  has been in a fight for her life, and now she can't get a policy that  allows her to see the doctors in whom, in that fight for her life, she  developed confidence. So that means she can't see her oncologist under  any policy she can get. She can't see the radiation oncologist, the  surgical oncologist, and the reconstructive surgeon. None of those  people are now available to her.   This is in a world where Holly, you, me--all of us were told: If you  like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Well, she liked all four of  her doctors, and she can't keep any of those doctors. We were told: If  you like your policy, you can keep your policy. If it weren't so  serious, looking back at that promise, it would be like it was some  cruel joke that somebody is coming up with that couldn't have been  further from the truth. When you are battling cancer and you lose  access to the doctors you know and trust, no reasonable person can  argue to you that the system we have is working. The status quo is  unacceptable. It is clearly unsustainable.   There is a lot of discussion about what kind of change we are going  to have. The ``why'' here is more important than the ``how.'' The  ``why'' here is the most important part of this debate because the  reason we have to change is that the system we have is absolutely not  working.   Americans like Holly and all the families in the Kansas City area who  are certain to lose this year's coverage next year may or may not have  coverage at all. No company besides this one company that left was  willing to be there this year. They deserve better. That is why I am  going to continue to work with my Senate colleagues to give families  more choices to expand their access to the healthcare providers they  want and the kind of insurance coverage they would like to have.   This plan simply hasn't worked, it isn't working, and it is going to  get worse before it gets better. That is why we are debating how to  change it, not debating the effort that has totally failed. Now we need  to get in and figure out how to stabilize this marketplace and answer  those important questions for families all over this country who not  only don't have the coverage they want, but they also don't have access  to the healthcare they need.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   