 It is wonderful to join Mr. Boyle and Mr. Veasey from  Texas. I thank them for creating the Blue Collar Caucus. I think the  time is perfect for the challenges that we face as a country, and I  think also, as a Democrat, embracing some of our tradition. I think, in  some cases, we have drifted from that.   I do want to talk about the blue-collar economy and what is happening  to people who work in the building trades and work as truck drivers and  nurses and people who are really the backbone of this country.   As Brendan mentioned, I was an ironworker for about 20 years. I know  what it is when you are trying to work from paycheck to paycheck,  strapping on a pair of work boots every single day.   I also want to focus tonight on one part of Mr. Trump's executive  orders and policies that have really hurt people in our demographic:  regular working people. I want to speak specifically about veterans.   As most people heard, President Trump, when he came into office,  initiated what was called a Federal worker hiring freeze, stopping any  workers from going to work for the Federal Government. I just want to  remind people out there that about 30 percent of those workers are  veterans. So 30 percent of the people who go to work for the Federal  Government are veterans. By putting a freeze on Federal workers, you  are blocking almost one-third of workers who are veterans who would be  trying to go to work.   The Federal Government is expansive. That includes workers at the VA;  it includes workers at the FAA; it includes workers at the Defense  Department, the State Department; on and on and on. So this is really  freezing out veterans from going to work.   I had a young veteran in my office the other day who had some skills  in radiology. He learned that through his military service in the Navy,  but also when he got out, with the GI bill, and trying to go to work at  the VA. I had to explain to him that President Trump, when he came into  office, put a hiring freeze on, and that we were going to have to try  to figure out another way to put him to work.   Well, that case is playing out over 50 States, and thousands-- probably tens of thousands right now--of veterans are being denied the  opportunity to go to work for the Federal Government. Many of them have  skills that are necessary.   We have people retiring and leaving Federal employment on a daily  basis. We have nurses that are retiring at the VA and folks that work  for the EPA are leaving at the end of their working lives. They are  retiring. Yet, we are blocking these veterans from filling those  positions because of the President's hiring freeze.   Seeing that, I actually drafted a bill that I am happy to share. It  is H.R. 1001. It will basically create an exception. It will keep the  President's freeze in place, except for veterans coming back from Iraq  and Afghanistan, veterans who have served in previous conflicts. Anyone  who has put on this country's uniform as a veteran would be exempt from  the hiring freeze so that we can do the right thing.   Each and every one of these young men and women--and there are a lot  of women--I have been to Iraq 17 times now; Afghanistan, about 9 times;  and I am amazed at the number of young women who serve our country in  uniform.   I already have, including my colleagues here, 23 Democrats who have  signed on. I would love to get some of my Republican friends on this  bill. This should not be a partisan issue, trying to put veterans to  work. I am sure we have got some good Democrats and Republicans out  there that agree on this, and this should be a bipartisan issue. We can  stop the--let's be hopeful it was unintended consequences of the hiring  freeze. We can stop this by coming together. Sign onto H.R. 1001.   Again, I thank my colleagues for their advocacy on behalf of workers.   I notice today that the President's nominee for Labor Secretary, Mr.  Puzder, who had a very bad record with workers, withdrew his  nomination. He has withdrawn from consideration. I think it is because  of the hard work that Mr. Veasey and Mr. Boyle have done in speaking  out on behalf of American workers and pointing out the  [[Page H1227]]  bad decisions and the wage and garnishment issues that Mr. Puzder had.  I just think that their advocacy helped enormously in having him  withdraw that nomination.   I thank my colleagues again for the great work that they do on behalf  of all American workers, and I appreciate their service to the country.   