 Mr. President, my distinguished friend, Senator  Perdue, is actually right. There is something unprecedented going on  around here with these nominations, but it is not the Democratic effort  to try to make sure that those nominees get a fair hearing and some  light on them before they get into office.   What is unprecedented around here with these nominees is, first of  all, what a hash the Trump administration made of getting them ready.  They were not ready to go. They were not prepared for the ethics  reviews. They were dead in the water, and they have a lot of  responsibility just in terms of the simple incompetence of getting a  Cabinet ready to go.   That is not the Senate's fault. The Senate should not roll over in  its advice and consent role because an executive branch can't prepare  nominees. Then you get behind the incompetence of the executive branch  in preparing nominees and you start looking at the nominees.   What else is unprecedented about them is the huge array of conflicts  of interest they bring. We have never seen anything like this. We call  it the ``swamp cabinet'' because it is, in fact, swampy with conflicts  of interest. Many of these candidates have such massive financial  complexities--because it is billionaire after billionaire after  billionaire--that they have had to do all sorts of business contortions  to try to get ready for their appointment.   That also is not our fault. That actually makes our responsibility  greater so we can do our constitutional job in the Senate, as providing  advice and consent, to look at potential conflicts of interest. It is  part of why we have advice and consent, so we can screen for that. When  we are not getting disclosure, we can't even do that.   There are still disclosure gaps for a lot of these nominees. The  controversy and special interest connections of some of them are,  frankly, appalling. So there are, indeed, nominees whom we would love  to stop. If we could stop them, we would do it because we think they  are going to do damage to the American people; damage to Medicare,  which seniors rely on; damage to Medicaid, which so many sick kids rely  on; damage to clean air, which I think everybody tends to rely on if  they breathe; damage to clean water, which fishermen and sailors and  people count on across the country. It is not a question here of doing  the people's business, it is a question of trying to prevent these  people from giving the people business because this looks like the  special interest Cabinet of all time. If you go down one by one through  the civilian Cabinet, you can more or less pick who the most influenced  special interest is, the one who is most harmful to the American people  in that particular area, and bingo, there is your nominee. So we should  not slow down the advice and consent process just for the sake of  slowing down the advice and consent process, but we should slow down  the advice and consent process when we are not getting the basic  information necessary to do our jobs, and we should slow down the  advice and consent process when we are handing over agencies of  government to big special interests. Those are two very good reasons to  have the Senate's noble tradition of advice and consent followed  scrupulously.    As to the nominee for HHS, Dr. Price, he is right in that list. He  has conflicts of interest. He has real harm that he proposes to the  American public.   I think Medicare is one of the great things the United States has  done. It is one of our signal achievements. It has lifted seniors out  of poverty in a way that very few other countries can match and that  the United States had never seen before we did Medicare. It is probably  the most efficient health care delivery system in the United States of  America, and our seniors count on it and love it.   That is not good enough for the good Dr. Price, though. He wants to  voucherize Medicare. What do you do if you are a Medicare patient who  is elderly and infirm? How do you go shopping for health insurance? I  can remember when I was quite capable as a fit lawyer, and I was given  the H.R. forms by the U.S. attorney's office to make my choice. It is a  complicated mess. And you expect some woman who may be in a hospital  bed to sort through that? Great job giving her a voucher. It is just so  unfair and so wrong.   Medicaid. Children across Rhode Island depend on Medicaid. If you are  a family and you have a child with a significant illness, you are very  likely to have that support for that child come through the Medicaid  Program. This is a man who wants to block-grant Medicare and projects  trillion-dollar cuts--trillion-dollar cuts? Who is going to make up the  trillion dollars if we are not taking care of these kids? Is it going  to go back to the families or the care just isn't going to be there for  the Medicaid children? That is just wrong.   These are ideological candidates who want ideological victories that  will hurt real people like Henry, from Warwick. A woman named Lisa  wrote to me. She is a teacher and lifelong resident of Warwick, RI. She  has a son, Henry. Henry was just born last year, and before he was even  1 month old, Henry was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis.   Cystic fibrosis, as I am sure we all know, is a genetic disorder. It  affects more than 30,000 people in the United States, and it is one of  the crueler diseases on the face of the planet. As cystic fibrosis  progresses, it can cause infections, it causes difficulty breathing,  and eventually it renders the child unable to breathe and respiratory  failure results. There have been important advances and treatment for  this disease, but there is no cure.   So Henry needs regular tests and treatment. He will need them for the  rest of his life as doctors fight to extend his life as long as they  can in hopes that a cure will arise. His parents are extremely grateful  for the wonderful work of our doctors at Hasbro Children's Hospital who  take care of Henry. But Lisa and her husband are also worried about  their health insurance, and Henry's, because  [[Page S1022]]  Henry has a preexisting condition. If Secretary Price were to have his  way, the Affordable Care Act would be repealed, and without it there  would be no protection for people like Henry--a child like Henry with a  preexisting condition. Either he would face outrageous health care  premiums or be denied coverage altogether. Since then, having to face  the scrutiny of confirmation, he has said: Oh, no, that part we are  going to try to save. But when you go through the parts that my  Republican friends are going to try to save, you end up with pretty  much the whole bill. If you are going to try to save every part of the  bill, why bother repealing it? Why not make it better and move on?   How irresponsible it was to say, ``Repeal,'' when all these points  were in it. When repeal was the great mantra, nobody said: ``Repeal.  Oh, but not that.'' ``Repeal. Oh, but let's protect the seniors from  the doughnut hole.'' No, it was just ``Repeal ObamaCare. Repeal  ObamaCare.'' Frankly, chanting ``Repeal ObamaCare'' I think is about as  disqualifying to lead Medicare and Medicaid as chanting ``Lock her up''  would be to be Attorney General of the United States.   Catherine is a constituent of mine who lives in Cranston. She is a  breast cancer survivor. She owns a small family business. Her family  had health insurance before the Affordable Care Act, but their  insurance company decided that their little company had too few  employees to qualify as a small business, and it dropped them from  their coverage. So it was thanks to the Affordable Care Act that  Catherine and her husband could get affordable and quality health  insurance through our exchange that we call HealthSourceRI. With this  coverage, they go on about their business. They don't have to worry  about whether their insurance company is going to change the rules and  pitch them out again. Catherine and her husband tell me they don't  understand how anyone could say they support small business and want to  repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Timothy wrote to me. He is a freelance writer in Rumford, RI. He has  affordable health care for the first time in his life. There is no big  company to help you if you are a freelance writer; you are on your own.  But the Affordable Care Act has been there for Timothy. He has multiple  chronic health conditions that require medication. Before he had  coverage under the Affordable Care Act, Timothy was hospitalized for a  heart problem. He couldn't afford the resulting hospital bills. Without  health insurance, he couldn't pay for his prescriptions. Having health  insurance, Timothy told me, has changed his life. He feels dignity, he  feels peace, he feels assurance, and a lot of that is simply the  reassurance that you can afford the medications you need to stay  healthy. His chances of having to be hospitalized in the future are  down. If the ACA is repealed, Timothy may be forced to forgo care that  he needs, endangering his health, and potentially, by the way, costing  the system a lot more.   Martha, who lives in Cranston, RI, knows well the dangers of being  uninsured. Before the Affordable Care Act, Martha went several years  without health insurance, gambling that she could get away with it  because she couldn't afford it. A gall bladder infection required  emergency surgery. She was taken to the hospital, the surgery was  performed. It went well, but she was left with a $60,000 hospital bill.  Unable to pay the bill, she declared bankruptcy.   Now she can have coverage, and by the way, when the hospital has to  do the surgery, it gets paid with her insurance. That is why the  American Hospital Association and the Hospital Association of Rhode  Island are saying: Don't repeal ObamaCare. That would be reckless.   Martha and her husband and her 24-year-old son have all been able to  purchase insurance through the Rhode Island exchange. By the way, our  exchange is doing great. People may complain about exchanges in other  States. We are seeing costs steady; we are seeing costs going down. One  of our major insurers, Neighborhood Health Plan of Rhode Island, is  advertising on TV. Whoa. Our rates are going down, and their coverage  is fine, and Rhode Island is a success story under the Affordable Care  Act. The $283 per month that Martha and her family now pay in total for  insurance certainly beats the $500 a month that she and her husband  each faced for individual coverage before the ACA.   Paula wrote to me from Cranston about how the Affordable Care Act has  helped her and her husband bridge the gap until they get to the safe  haven, finally, of Medicare. Paula is 63 years old. She works part  time. Her husband who is 64 years old and retired has health insurance  through our exchange, HealthSourceRI. Paula has beaten breast cancer  once, but she is at high risk of recurrence.   If the Affordable Care Act is repealed, Paula would be at risk to  lose her health insurance and the ability to have tests that would help  her catch a recurrence of cancer in time. Paula and her husband worked  hard and saved well, but as Martha's story shows, one illness can wipe  you out if you don't have health insurance, and they are so content and  comforted knowing they have a good health insurance plan through our  exchange.   Travis is a social worker in Providence. He provides psychotherapy  and counseling to recovering addicts who are receiving medication and  assisted treatment. This is a particularly touching point in Rhode  Island because we lost 239 Rhode Islanders to opioid-related overdoses  last year. That is 239 fatalities in Rhode Island last year.   The Affordable Care Act, Travis believes, is the reason that many of  his patients are actually able to get care and stay away from the risk  of overdose. He wrote of his patients, many of them never accessed  methadone treatment prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act,  let alone sought treatment for their psychiatric conditions which may  underlie the substance abuse disorders. By the way, a recent report  came out that said if you repeal the Affordable Care Act and its  coverage requirements for mental health and substance abuse, you pull  about $5.5 billion worth of coverage out from American families. Is  that really what this Congress wants to be responsible for doing? I  certainly hope not, not after all the fine statements we heard about  the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and the funding for it.   Let me make one last point because I see the Senator from Michigan  here and I know she wants to add her thoughts. You can talk about the  personal stories, and it shows how poignant and important having the  Affordable Care Act around is in the lives of real actual people, but  we also have to deal with budget issues in Washington, and I just want  to show this chart.   This chart shows the spending projections for Federal health care  spending. The red line on the top was the projection in 2010 done by  the CBO, the Congressional Budget Office. In 2010, they said: Here is  how we think our spending is going to be in Federal health care. They  predicted that. Then they came back and they did another prediction in  2017.   One thing that happened is that after the passage of the Affordable  Care Act back here, we came in well below predicted expense for Federal  health care. We saved a lot of money in that period. Then when they  rebooted the prediction in 2017, they started off actual and they did a  new prediction right here. The difference in this 10-year period in  Federal health care costs between what they expected to have happen in  that 10-year period before the Affordable Care Act came along and what  experience and the new projections show the savings are since the  Affordable Care Act are $3.3 trillion--$3.3 trillion--and we have this  person who wants to be the Secretary who wants to cut the program? We  are saving money in the program under this. It doesn't make any sense  fiscally, and it is cruel to the individuals and families who have  found comfort and peace and security from the Affordable Care Act.   So I will leave us with that, but if we are going to be responsible  about doing something about our outyear health care costs, find me  something else that shows $3.3 trillion in savings during the period of  2017 to 2027, over 10 years. For these costs, we sometimes look out 30  years, and that number would grow even greater. We have saved trillions  of dollars as a result of the Affordable Care Act, and CBO shows it.   Thank you very much. I yield the floor.  [[Page S1023]]    