 Mr. President, as one of the Senators who has read this  bill, I would note that most of this bill has been here since November.  We were prepared to go in November and vote on each part of it  separately.   I would advise the distinguished senior Senator from Arizona, who is  a friend of mine, that his party did not want to go forward in  November. They were asked by the then-President-elect not to go forward  with it, and his party said it would not go forward with it. We could  have passed all of the bills separately in November.   I would also note, as the distinguished senior Senator from Alaska  said on the floor a few minutes ago, that Republicans and Democrats  have been working very closely on this appropriations bill. She  expressed--and I absolutely join her in this--that we go back to the  way it always has been. My party is not in control of the schedule in  the Senate, but I would ask that all of us in both parties work  together and start doing the appropriations bills one by one, as we  always have. In fact, this bill is the product of many long weeks and  days and nights and weekends. I know. A lot of times, I went to bed at  midnight, and my staff kept on working.   I thank Republican Chairman Thad Cochran, of Mississippi, for his  leadership in reaching this agreement of keeping the government open  for business. It is how Congress can and should work.   Forget the rhetoric. Forget political brinkmanship. This agreement  shows something we have worked on and that when we come together and  work through our differences--both parties here and both parties in the  other body--that we can do the work of the American people.   I think the package before us is a good deal for the American people,  and I will vote for it, but we should not be celebrating this fact. On  this, I agree with the distinguished Senator from Arizona in that we  should not be finishing our work 7 months into the fiscal year. I wish  his party had allowed us to do it last November. These bills could have  been and should have been finished then. In fact, we were 98 percent  done with our negotiations, both Republicans and Democrats, when then- President-elect Trump said: Pencils down, and put everything on hold.  The Senator from Arizona and his party have been operating on a  continuing resolution ever since. I am glad to hear him say this is not  the way he wants to do it.   I, certainly, agree with the distinguished senior Senator from Alaska  when she says this is not the way to do it. Those of us who have been  here for a while know that does not work and it is no way to govern.   It is my goal--and I believe Chairman Cochran shares this goal--to  return to regular order, which is when we consider each appropriations  bill in committee, debate each one publicly on the floor, and then vote  it up or down. That is the way we should operate. That is what the  American people deserve. I look forward to working with Chairman  Cochran to make this a reality when we return, in very short order, to  the fiscal year 2018 bills.   I have been on the Appropriations Committee for decades, and I have  served as either chairman or ranking member of different subcommittees  there, just as I have served as chairman or ranking member on  Agriculture and the Judiciary. Yet I decided this year to take on the  vice chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee because I believe in  the power of the purse, in the ability of this committee to make a real  difference in people's lives, and because of the respect I have for  Chairman Cochran.   Our national budget is a reflection of our Nation's priorities, and  the appropriations bills are where our priorities become realities. I  am pleased to report we have worked hard to reflect Americans' values  in the fiscal year 2017 consolidated appropriations bill before us. I  think we have reached a good deal.   I am pleased that on a bipartisan basis we have rejected President  Trump's ill-considered proposal to slash domestic programs by $15  billion, including deep cuts in the NIH and low-income energy  assistance. I am glad to see a $2 billion increase for the National  Institutes of Health. I was proud to have brought then-Vice President  Biden to the University of Vermont last October to discuss his Cancer  Moonshot Initiative and to see and hear how Vermonters are contributing  to research to better treat--and hopefully cure--cancer. NIH funding is  central to this effort.   Last year, the NIH accounted for nearly $40 million in research  funding for the University of Vermont. Everybody--Republicans and  Democrats--agree they have spent it well. This research is leading to  advancements in lung disease treatments, cancers, and to more  effectively using genome testing to advance the emerging and promising  field of precision medicine.   In this bill, we were able to protect funding for LIHEAP. As the  distinguished Presiding Officer and I know, we are in States in which  the temperatures can often plunge way below zero. LIHEAP is a vital  lifeline--certainly in the State of Vermont--to prevent people from  being forced to make the wrenching choice of putting food on their  tables for their families or keeping them warm.   We have also put in $512 million--nearly double the resources  available last year--to combat the opioid epidemic. This is a plague  that grips every community in the country. It does not make any  difference whether one is a Republican or a Democrat. It is hitting all  of us. It is a problem that does not know the difference between rich  or poor, urban or rural, Republican or Democrat. I think every Senator  probably knows someone or a family with someone who has been in the  grips of opioid addiction. My wife and I have sat down at kitchen  tables with grieving parents who have lost their children. We have  spoken to first responders who have seen so many people die. We have to  confront this problem head-on in this country.   We are doing a number of other things. We are protecting funds for  the EPA at the critical moment of confronting climate change. In that  regard, I was pleased that Marcelle and I were able to host hundreds of  Vermonters who had driven all night long in order to join the hundreds  of thousands of people in the Nation's Capital for the Climate March.   I see that the distinguished chairman has come on the floor. I ask  unanimous consent that I be able to yield to him, without losing my  right to the floor, so I may finish my speech when he is finished.    Mr. President, I note that the chairman and I are well  aware of how well things go when we take each one of these bills. He  certainly has led that effort, and that is the way we should do it.   I mentioned this when the Vermonters were here last weekend. Marcelle  and I hosted them, so many of whom had driven through the night to join  the hundreds of thousands of people in the Nation's Capital for the  Climate March. Many of them asked: Why can't we do it the way we used  to? I told them we were ready to go to all of the bills in November,  and I am sorry that leadership said no.    There are things on which we have done a lot in this bill. Those of  us on the Appropriations Committee have read this bill, and we have  read most of it since last November.   The EPA provides funding to improve the environmental quality and  ecological vibrancy of our small State's great Lake Champlain, the  jewel of New England, as well as crucial funding for similar  partnerships all over the country.   I am also pleased to report what is not in this bill. In a bipartisan  way, we get rid of more than 160 poison pill riders--riders that would  have undermined the health insurance of millions of Americans by  attacking the protections they have under the Affordable Care Act and  riders that would have slapped restrictions on women's access to  healthcare, especially in rural areas, and riders that would have  rolled back consumer financial protections of Dodd-Frank regulations  and weaken environmental protections. Let's have votes up or down on  those issues, anytime you want, but not in a must-pass spending bill.   I also particularly welcome the fact that not a single cent in the  bill will go toward building President Trump's misguided wall on the  southern border. When that issue came up in our debate, I said: Well  let's have a vote, up or down, in the House and in the Senate, on the  wall, where all Republicans and all Democrats vote. If it passes, then  I will stop my objection. Nobody wants such a vote because not enough  people support it. The American people should not, and they will not,  be forced to pay tens of billions of dollars for a bumper-sticker  solution to an incredibly complex problem--a wall that the President  promised that Mexico, not American taxpayers, would pay for, even  though all American taxpayers know that Americans, not Mexicans, would  pay for it. His own department estimates that it would cost U.S.  taxpayers $22 billion. Some said during the debate: Show me a 30-foot  wall, and I will show you a 31-foot ladder. I can also show you  pictures of small prop planes and boats and tunnels. A wall is nothing  more than an illusion. It is a false promise of security. Instead of  debating this boondoggle, which Democrats as well as Republicans and  Independents oppose, let's consider real solutions with comprehensive  immigration reform.   In 2013, the Senate passed the large effort of Republicans and  Democrats working together on comprehensive immigration reforms. Let's  resume that debate and not throw money at this expensive illusion,  where we are cutting vital medical research at the National Institutes  of Health and others to pay for it.   There are a lot of anti-science proposals and impulses in the  proposals that came from the administration, and I am proud that both  Republicans and Democrats rejected them.   So I support the bill before us. I am proud to join with Chairman  Cochran. It is not a perfect bill, but no products we all come together  on are perfect. But on balance, it is a good deal for the American  people. It reflects values of both Republicans and Democrats. The  bipartisan work that brought us to this point shows what is possible  and it lays the groundwork for our negotiations on the fiscal year 2018  appropriations bills.   So I want to extend again my thanks to Chairman Cochran and to the  subcommittee chairmen and ranking members. It takes a tremendous amount  of work to draft each of the underlying bills contained in this  consolidated appropriations bill. While we were negotiating, I remember  being on the phone at 10, 11 o'clock at night, night after night, but I  went to bed, and the staff would keep on working until 2 or 3 in the  morning.   So I thank the staff of the Appropriations Committee and subcommittee  clerks on both sides of the aisle, who have been here day in and day  out for many weeks. I certainly thank my staff director, Charles  ``Chuck'' Kieffer, deputy staff director Chanda Betourney, and Jessica  Berry, Jay Tilton, JP Dowd, and Jean Kwon, as well as Senator Schumer  and his staff, including Gerry Petrella, Meghan Taira, Mike Lynch, and  Mike Kuiken for the assistance they provided. I want to recognize and  thank Bruce Evans and Fitz Elder from Chairman Cochran's staff, the  majority staff director, and deputy staff director. They worked very,  very hard and in their usual professional and courteous manner. I want  to thank Bob Putnam, Hong Nguyen, and George Castro for the support  they provide to the committee every day. And finally, I want to thank  the editorial and printing staff, without whom we could never have  produced this bill. Valerie Hutton, Penny Myles, Elmer Barnes and  Karinthia Thames were here day and night, week after week, editing the  dozens of drafts that ultimately became this consolidated bill. They  work in relatively obscurity, but their expertise and dedication is not  lost on us. We depend on them and we greatly appreciate what they do.   Lastly, on a personal matter, I wish to take a moment for special  recognition of Charles Kieffer. Chuck is well known to the Senate. He  is a familiar figure here in this Chamber. He has served on the  Appropriations Committee for many years, under numerous chairmen and  vice chairmen. I was grateful that he was willing to take on and  continue there when I took over as vice chairman.   What a lot of people don't know is that he has been working around  the clock on this, and in March he lost his father Jerry. Just a few  weeks ago, he lost his mother Fran.   If you know even a little bit about his parents, there is no doubt  where Chuck gets his dedication to public service. His father Jerry  served as the executive director of the National Cultural Center at the  Kennedy Center. He held positions in the Truman, Eisenhower, Nixon,  Ford, and Carter administrations.   Chuck's mother Fran was a longtime member of the League of Women  Voters. She dedicated time to numerous civic institutions throughout  her lifetime. At 93 and 89, respectively, Jerry and Fran lived a long  and full life, including a marriage of 68 years.   Their loss will be profoundly felt by their family and friends. My  and Marcelle's thoughts are with Chuck, his wife Meg, and their family.  I thank him for his tireless dedication to this institution, even  during a time of great  [[Page S2760]]  personal sorrow. I would like to think that his parents are looking  down from their place of eternal reward with a great deal of pride in  their son.   I yield the floor.   