 Mr. President, the final pieces of ObamaCare were signed  into law a little over 7 years ago. Since that time, Republicans--not  just in Congress but throughout the country--have been united in their  opposition to the law and our commitment to repeal it. This hasn't been  simply a political or partisan endeavor. We are not just trying to take  a notch out of President Obama's ``win'' column. The simple truth is  that ObamaCare is not working.   The law was poorly written, and the system it created was poorly  designed. Even a number of ObamaCare supporters have come to  acknowledge that it hasn't been working the way it was promised to  work. As a result, millions of Americans have suffered astronomical  increases in their health insurance premiums and fewer and fewer  insurance options to choose from. That is ObamaCare's great irony: The  law requires people to buy health insurance while also making it  impossible to do so.   For 7\1/2\ years, Republicans have fought to expose the failures of  ObamaCare and have pledged time and time again to repeal it. Every  single Republican Member of the Senate has expressed support for  repealing ObamaCare. Most of us have made promises to our constituents  to do just that. And those promises, coupled with the obvious failures  of ObamaCare, are a big reason why we now find ourselves in control of  both Chambers of Congress and the Presidency.   For the last 6 months, Republicans have worked in good faith to find  a path forward to both repeal and replace ObamaCare. The released  discussion drafts attempted to bridge the divide between our more  conservative and moderate Members, so the products were never going to  be perfect. Such is the inherent nature of compromise. The draft  released last week included additions to address Member priorities and  was likely the best chance we had at a compromise bill to repeal and  replace ObamaCare with significant entitlement reform. But last night a  handful of our Members announced they would not support the compromise  bill, even though it would have repealed ObamaCare's taxes, reformed  Medicaid by putting it on a sustainable path for future generations,  and included the largest pro-life protections on Federal spending I  have ever seen.   This was the opportunity we had been working toward. All we had to do  was come together and compromise, and 7\1/2\ years of promises would  have been much, much closer to being fulfilled. But last night we  blinked. And, frankly, I think the Members who opted to scuttle the  compromise bill will eventually have to explain to their constituents  why they left so many ObamaCare fixes on the table and walked away from  this historic opportunity.   So where does that leave us? The majority leader has announced his  intention to shelve the effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare with a  single piece of legislation. Instead, the Senate will move forward to  vote on legislation to simply repeal ObamaCare, with a 2-year delay.  So, long story short, we have one more chance to do what we have all  said we wanted to do.   I am aware that some Members have already expressed their skepticism,  if not their opposition, to this approach. I hope they will take the  time to reconsider. As Senators contemplate this path, they should keep  in mind that the upcoming vote is not about the next 2 years, nor is it  about the past 6 months. We are not going to be voting to approve a  specific process for drafting and enacting an ObamaCare replacement,  and we are not voting to approve the way this effort has moved forward  during this Congress.   I know some of our colleagues have doubts about the path forward.  Others have complaints about the path that got us here. But this vote,  in my view, will simply be about whether we intend to live up to our  promises. Do we want to repeal ObamaCare, or are we fine with leaving  it in place? That is the question we have to ask ourselves.   Keep in mind, the vast majority of Republican Senators are already on  record having voted 2 years ago in favor of a full ObamaCare repeal  with a 2-year delay. Of course, in 2015, we knew that the President  would veto that legislation, and we now know that the current occupant  of the White House would surely sign it. That is really the only  difference between then and now. Was the vote in 2015 just a political  stunt? Was it just pure partisanship? I know some of our Democratic  colleagues claim that was the case. Were they right? I sure hope not.  On the contrary, I sincerely hope that any Member of the Senate who  voted for the 2015 bill and who has spent the last 7\1/2\ years  pledging to repeal ObamaCare hasn't suddenly decided to change his or  her position now that the vote has a chance to actually matter.   If we vote to pass a full repeal, will we be solving all of our  healthcare problems with a single vote? Certainly not. But that was  never going to be the case. Anyone who thought repealing and replacing  ObamaCare would be easy once we had the votes was likely not paying  attention to the problems plaguing our healthcare system. However, if  we act now to pass the full repeal, we will be taking significant steps  toward accomplishing our goal and keeping our promises.   If we pass up yet another opportunity, if we can't muster the votes  to pass something we have already passed, I have a hard time believing  we will get another shot to fulfill our promise and repeal this  unworkable law anytime soon. What does that mean? Among other things,  it means a congressional bailout of failing insurance markets, probably  before the end of 2017. Frankly, that ship may have sailed on that one  after last night's developments. We are probably looking at an  insurance bailout one way or another. Those who will be interested in  moving an insurance bailout later this year should be ready to explain  how they want to pay for it.   Failure would also mean premiums will continue to skyrocket and  people will be left with few, if any, available insurance options, even  though they  [[Page S4039]]  will still face penalties if they don't make a purchase. It would mean  that the ObamaCare taxes and mandates remain in place, and it would  keep Medicaid expansion on the books indefinitely, most certainly  creating a scenario for Governors to advocate for the Federal  Government to continue paying close to 100 percent of the share for  able-bodied adults.    We already know what happens if we leave ObamaCare in place. That  scenario is playing out before our very eyes. That downward spiral of  broken promises--the one the American people have to deal with every  day--is the reason we have all committed to repealing ObamaCare.   Don't get me wrong. I wish the path that got us to this point had  been easier, with less melodrama and acrimony. To be honest, I wish we  had simply moved to this full repeal strategy at the outset because, as  I noted several times earlier in this year, it is probably the most  feasible path forward if we want to achieve our goals.   It would be nice if things had gone differently. But this is where we  are, with only 52 Republicans in the Senate and a minority that from  the beginning has wanted no part of this process.   Right now, we have essentially two choices. We can keep talking about  repealing ObamaCare and wishing for a better future, one with more  Republican votes or more Democrats willing to acknowledge the reality,  or we can press forward with the numbers we have and make good on the  commitments we have made to the American people.   To quote the old Scottish nursery rhyme, if wishes were horses, then  beggars would ride. Translation: More talking and more wishing will not  get us anywhere.   We can either take a significant step forward to undo ObamaCare's  mandates and taxes, which have collectively wreaked havoc on our  healthcare system, or we can dither about some more and leave them in  place for the foreseeable future. In my view, the choice is an easy  one.   I urge all of my colleagues to once again vote with me to repeal  ObamaCare. We have blown a number of opportunities already in recent  weeks. Last night, we blew a big one. I hope we can avoid doing the  same with this upcoming vote. If not, we will have to answer to the  American people and explain to them why we failed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I withdraw it.   