 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Deutch), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment on behalf of several  of my colleagues from the Sunshine State who are still responding to  the devastation from Hurricane Irma that made landfall earlier this  week. The sponsor of this amendment, Congressman Deutch, and the  cosponsors, Congressman Curbelo, Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen,  Congressman Hastings, and Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz, all  represent districts that received significant damage from Hurricane  Irma. Due to the damage in their districts, these Members--with strong  interest in this amendment--were unable to return to D.C. in time to  debate this issue on the House floor, so I am here pinch-hitting for  them.   Recently there have been reports that the National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration's Fisheries headquarters, located on  Virginia Key in south Florida, may move to another location. This  amendment would prohibit that move. Such a move would be devastating to  the longstanding research relationships that the NOAA facility on  Virginia Key has with local universities, the local business community,  and the marine industries of south Florida.   The NOAA research facility on Virginia Key has maintained a  partnership with the University of Miami and the south Florida  community since 1943. Over the years, the NOAA facility and their  research teams have worked closely and collaborated on critical  research projects and scientific breakthroughs with the University of  Miami, Florida Atlantic University, NOVA Southeastern University,  Florida International University, the Palm Beach County Business  Development Board, the Greater Fort Lauderdale Alliance, the Beacon  Council, the Marine Industries Association of South Florida, and other  south Florida universities and business coalitions.   In fact, the University of Miami's Rosenstiel School of Marine and  Atmospheric Science is located across the street from the NOAA facility  on Virginia Key. These south Florida universities and business councils  recently signed a formal memorandum of understanding that encourages  collaboration among research, education, business, and economic  development organizations.   Some research projects that the NOAA facility on Virginia Key has  worked on with south Florida universities and business councils include  the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary, creating a storm surge  database for Haiti and the Dominican Republic, and something near and  dear to my heart, Everglades restoration projects.   Moving the NOAA facility from Virginia Key would sever the bonds  between the facility and the research universities in the south Florida  community that create so much progress and so many jobs.   Again, I am grateful, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to introduce  this amendment on behalf of my colleagues, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   