 Madam Speaker, I rise to support this rule and the  underlying bill, H.R. 7.  [[Page H626]]    For decades, Congress has annually passed the Hyde amendment, which  has prevented any government program from funding or subsidizing  elective abortion. The Hyde amendment has saved over 2 million unborn  children since 1976, including 100,000 lives in Pennsylvania.   For decades, this annual restriction on taxpayer funding of abortion  has been referred to as the Hyde amendment because it was the late  Congressman Henry Hyde from Illinois who sought to protect as many  unborn children as he could during his service in Congress.  Recollecting his own work, Congressman Hyde offered this poignant  reflection:   ``When the time comes as it surely will, when we face that awesome  moment, the final judgment, I've often thought, as Fulton Sheen wrote,  that it is a terrible moment of loneliness. You have no advocates, you  are there alone standing before God--and a terror will rip through your  soul like nothing you can imagine. But I really think that those in the  pro-life movement will not be alone. I think there will be a chorus of  voices that have never been heard in this world but are heard  beautifully and clearly in the next world--and they will plead for  everyone who has been in this movement. They will say to God, `Spare  him because he loved us'. . . . ''   Henry Hyde is not forgotten, and this work goes on.   Despite former-President Obama's promise that no abortion would be  covered by his healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act authorized and  appropriated funds for healthcare plans with abortion coverage. This  must stop.   We must remember, abortion is not health care, and in no way should  the government fund or subsidize the violent destruction of unborn  children.   It is the overwhelming opinion of Americans, including those who  identify as pro-choice, that taxpayer dollars should not be used for  abortion. This legislation is absolutely essential to apply the  principles of the Hyde amendment consistently across the Federal  Government.   As hundreds of thousands march this Friday on the 44th anniversary of  Roe v. Wade, a decision Justice White referred to as an exercise in raw  judicial power, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the  underlying bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank my good  friend from the great State of Massachusetts for his extraordinary  leadership on this issue and so many others and for standing up for  women. The right to speak is a very special one.   Madam Speaker, the right to choose is meaningless without the access  to choose. That is what this bill is about. It is cutting off access to  choice. That is why the anti-choice movement is so strongly behind this  bill.   H.R. 7 is a cynical attempt to use the Federal Government's power of  the purse to restrict a woman's access to her constitutionally  protected right to an abortion.   I oppose the Hyde amendment and believe that we should be increasing  access to comprehensive health care, not reducing it. But this bill  makes the Hyde amendment permanent. It goes further. It prohibits the  Affordable Care Act tax credits for individuals and employers who  choose plans that cover abortion.   H.R. 7 would restrict abortion coverage or make such coverage too  burdensome or expensive for many Americans to afford. It is a step back  towards a dark and ugly time when anti-abortion laws took a substantial  toll on women's health and, in many cases, cost them their very lives.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``no'' on this rule and the  underlying bill.   