 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, after some chaotic weeks of hush-hush  deliberating, a lot of arm-twisting, and more than a few obvious buy- offs, the House has handed the Senate a healthcare bill that will  plunge tens of millions of Americans into suffering. With it, the  debate now comes to this side of the Capitol, and my Republican  colleagues seem to be competing to find out who can put the most  distance between themselves and the House bill.   The message is that they are starting from scratch with a partisan  working group and a new bill under construction. But I want to make  sure that everybody is realistic about where this debate stands. There  is not a shred of actual hard evidence that the Senate Republican  conference is objecting to nearly $1 trillion in tax breaks for the  wealthy and the special interests, paid for by slashing middle-class  tax benefits and cutting more than $800 billion out of Medicaid. The  dates, the numbers, and the waivers might look a little different when  Senate Republicans write a bill, but the underlying framework will be  the same.   This process, in short, is leading America back to the days when  healthcare worked only for the healthy and wealthy. It is clear, when  we look at the particulars, that the bill passed by the other body  doesn't care whether you are young or old. It poses a threat of pain  across all generations.   So this afternoon, as I begin what will be a series of discussions  here on the floor in the days ahead to discuss these issues, I want to  talk about what we are dealing with now.   Under the House bill, the youngster who needs special education  services could see that set of opportunities disappear with cuts to  Medicaid, a key source of funding for special ed school programs.   Are the tax breaks in this bill for the wealthy worth depriving kids  of the opportunities they need to get ahead in life?   Under this bill, the young adult at 18 or 20 who has been through a  cancer scare could wear that preexisting condition like a scarlet  letter. They could face discrimination by insurance companies for life  if their coverage ever lapses for more than a few weeks.   Are the tax breaks in this bill worth exposing Americans with  preexisting conditions to this danger?   The 45-year-old who thought she was home free with an employer- sponsored plan that avoids the worst insurance company abuses could  once again face a lifetime limit on certain health coverage. They would  be at risk for personal bankruptcy if they suffer the wrong kind of  injury or come down with the wrong kind of illness.   Are the tax breaks in this bill worth putting insurance companies  back in the driver's seat? The 60-year-old, still years from  retirement, would get clobbered by what I call the age tax, charged up  to five times as much as a young person for insurance coverage. Are the  tax breaks in this bill worth reviving insurance company abuses like  this?   Not even the most vulnerable seniors are spared under this bill.  Medicaid helps cover the tab for nearly two out of three seniors in  nursing homes. They are people who have done everything right. They  worked hard, they scrimped, and they saved. They raised their kids and  put them through school. You see them in Ohio communities, and you see  them in Oregon communities. But colleagues, growing older in America is  not cheap, and these are people who spend down their savings, and that  is when Medicaid steps in. But if Medicaid funding is slashed, the  nursing home benefit and other critical long-term care services like  home-based care are going to be in danger.   Every one of us wants their loved ones to be cared for. But the fact  is most families are already walking an economic tightrope in this  country, balancing their mortgage and their gas bills and struggling to  save for college and retirement. Where would working mothers and  fathers today possibly find the money to pay for nursing home care for  their elderly parents, perhaps $90,000 or more? Are the tax breaks in  this bill worth putting seniors' nursing home care at risk?    I spent this weekend holding townhall meetings in Oregon, holding  healthcare roundtables at home in Oregon. It would be hard to overstate  the fear and the tears I heard in conversations about this legislation.   Oregonians recognize that in many ways, this proposal is a return to  an era when insurance companies had more power and the typical American  had less, when women were penalized simply because of their gender,  when for many a preexisting condition was a death sentence, when  insurance companies deciding what preexisting conditions they would  cover constituted a real death panel. Even worse, the system would  invite young and healthy people not to buy insurance unless they needed  it at that particular moment, which would drive up costs for everybody  else.   Bottom line: You cannot revive a failed, abusive health insurance  system and expect Americans to be very pleased and excited about it,  especially when it is part of a scheme to pay for tax breaks for the  wealthy. That is what my Republican colleagues are attempting. I  understand why they are doing it. What they want to do is, in effect,  get these tax breaks for the wealthy in a health bill so they can have  it teed up to get more tax breaks for the wealthy in a tax bill. That  is what this is really all about. Even casual watchers of the debate  understand that this bill--the tax cuts, in particular, are stacked in  favor of the fortunate few.   Every time you get a paycheck in North Dakota or Oregon or anywhere  in America, a little bit for Medicare is taken out of that paycheck.  Working people can see it; it is right there on their paychecks. A  little bit is taken out. Under this bill, the only people who get a  break on that contribution are at the very top of the income scale.   Furthermore, the tax break on investment income will be swallowed up  by the wealthy almost in its entirety. People with incomes over $1  million will get an average break of more than $50,000--almost as much  as a typical family earns in an entire year. Most of that tax break  goes not to just the millionaires but to those at the uppermost slice  of the income scale. They are the fortunate individuals who make money  from wealth, not from wages like most Americans.   The 120,000 wealthiest families in the United States--those who bring  in around $2 million a year, mostly from capital gains, interest, and  dividends--would get an average tax handout under the House bill of  $207,000. This is according to the Tax Policy Center, a well-respected  group who analyzes these matters. I can tell you, even conservative  health policy experts are looking at this bill and scratching their  heads, trying to determine how this constitutes an improvement over the  system that is on the books today.   Aside from the wealthy individuals and corporations lining up for  these tax handouts, it is hard to see who will be helped by this  approach Republicans have taken.   It is a worrying sign for anybody who believes in bipartisanship to  see that Republicans in this body have decided they don't want any  Democratic input. I have been involved in writing bipartisan health  bills in the past, and there are more than a few cosponsors of those  bills in the Republican conference today. A number of our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have joined me in efforts, for example, to  have loophole-free, air-tight protection against discrimination against  those with a preexisting condition.   It is important to understand that a lot of us on this side of the  aisle--and my colleague, the President of the Senate, knows it from our  work on infrastructure--would very much like to work with colleagues on  the other side on bipartisan issues. It can be done. In fact, just  today, under the leadership of Senator Schumer, our whole caucus said  to the Republicans: Drop reconciliation so we can all come together and  [[Page S2833]]  get serious about working in a bipartisan way on an issue that ought to  be tackled in a bipartisan way for the American people and that I have  a long history, in particular, of wanting to be part of.   For the next several weeks, I will be on the floor drawing on our  past experiences and underlining why the partisan approach underway  right now is wrong.   People ought to know that TrumpCare is a betrayal of the promises  they have heard time and time again. They heard it through hundreds of  TV commercials all through the election period, and what they are now  seeing is a betrayal of those promises they watched on campaign  advertisements over the last year.   People ought to know that this is not a real effort at fixing our  healthcare system. This is a masquerade. It is a masquerade to try to  pretend that what is going on is about healthcare when it really is  about making sure taxes can be cut for the most fortunate, while  healthcare benefits for the middle class are slashed. TrumpCare is the  opposite of good health policy. There is no grassroots campaign I know  of clamoring for the Congress to pass another round of the same old  handouts to special interests, donors, and powerful individuals.   The American people are counting on the Congress to improve the  health system and make their care more affordable. Congress ought to be  working together on injecting more competition into the insurance  markets and reducing out-of-pocket costs for families. We ought to be  working especially on bringing down prescription drug prices. In my  view, you can't really build a modern health system unless you address  the challenges posed by chronic conditions such as diabetes, cancer,  and Alzheimer's.   We want it understood that Democrats want to work in a bipartisan way  to improve the Affordable Care Act. That is the heart of the letter  that all Senate Democrats signed today--we all went together--making it  clear that we would like to see Republicans drop reconciliation and  come together so we can find common ground. That would be in the  country's interests, rather than using this go-it-alone process that is  called reconciliation but specifically rejects bipartisanship.   I am going to be on the floor a lot over the next several weeks. I  promised my constituents night and day over the course of last  weekend--and people kept saying night and day, day and night--because  the country feels that strongly about this.   I and others are going to hold our colleagues on the other side of  the aisle accountable because we all ought to agree that this country  cannot go back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and the  wealthy. Those preexisting conditions could be a death sentence. And  that is because if you were healthy, you had no problem. If you were  wealthy, you could write out the checks. But if you had a preexisting  condition, you were in very serious straits. People told us about  losing their homes and everything they had. We are not going back to  the days in America when healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   