 I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for yielding, for  hosting this Special Order, and for granting me this opportunity to  speak.   Since the first nomination was announced by President-elect Trump's  transition team, phones in my office have been ringing off the hook;  and not a day goes by when I do not hear from my neighbors, friends,  and constituents of their angst, frustration, and discontent. I share  their anger and dread--that feeling of being punched in the gut--as  name after name has been released. Each nomination from President-elect  Trump has put the fox in charge of the henhouse.  [[Page H463]]    We are not talking about simple differences in partisan ideology. We  are talking about nominees who have devoted much of their professional  lives to undermining the small-d democratic institutions that are the  foundation of our country. This new administration is so extreme that  we cannot, in any good faith, give this President-elect the traditional  deference to name a cabinet that represents his governing philosophy  because the appointments show it to be a philosophy that seeks to  corrupt, if not fully destroy, our institutions, traditions, and  values.   Senator Jeff Sessions, the nominee for Attorney General, was  considered too racist to serve on the Federal bench by a Republican  Senate, much less to head the Justice Department, and is someone who  has so little respect for women's rights he voted against the Violence  Against Women Act and called Roe v. Wade a colossal mistake.   Ben Carson, the nominee for HUD Secretary, said today in his  confirmation hearing that he was against protecting LGBT Americans from  housing discrimination because protecting them from housing  discrimination would be granting them extra rights, refusing to  recognize that LGBT Americans deserve equal rights.   Tom Price, the nominee for HHS Secretary, wants to eliminate Medicare  and Medicaid as we know them, repeal the Affordable Care Act without a  second thought for the millions of Americans who would lose coverage or  would be subject to limits on preexisting conditions and would be  subject to lifetime and annual limits, and has so little understanding  of women's health that he insisted that not a single woman would lose  access to contraception if contraception coverage were eliminated.   Betsy DeVos, the nominee for Education Secretary, advocated for years  to move taxpayer dollars away from public schools and towards for- profit, private schools that would leave behind low-income students,  minority students, and children with disabilities.   Scott Pruitt, the nominee for EPA administrator, does not believe in  climate change and is so linked to the fossil fuel industry that he has  sued the EPA a dozen times to block environmental regulations designed  to protect us from the effects of climate change.   The list goes on and on, each more horrifying than the one before.  These are not the values the majority of Americans voted for in  November, and I don't just mean because Hillary Clinton won the popular  vote by 3 million. I cannot imagine that the voters who wanted to drain  the swamp and voted for Mr. Trump for that purpose and have the needs  of working people represented are thrilled to see him name the  wealthiest cabinet--with the greatest collection of Wall Street  insiders--in American history.   The fact is, President-elect Trump and the Republican Party do not  have any mandate from the people to carry out the dystopian horror show  this cabinet presents. Rather than rubber stamping the most extreme  cabinet I have seen in my 25 years in Washington, the Senate should  reject these extreme nominees, and then both Houses should do their  constitutional duty to conduct oversight of the administration.   I am ready to do that work. Over a month ago, along with my  Democratic Judiciary Committee colleagues, I sent a letter to Chairman  Goodlatte asking him to hold hearings on the conflict of interest and  ethics provisions that apply to the President of the United States. I  have not heard a response. Every Democrat in this House signed on to  the Protect Our Democracy Act, legislation to create an independent,  bipartisan-appointed commission to investigate Russian hacking in the  2016 election and to make recommendations to ensure nothing like that  happens again. It is interesting that not a single House Republican has  joined us.    I join my constituents and millions of Americans in wanting to know  why Republicans are working so hard to protect President-elect Trump  from having to answer questions about Russian influence in this  election. Why are Republicans working so hard to support President- elect Trump's extreme and out-of-touch cabinet? Why aren't Republicans  asking the same questions about how President-elect Trump will avoid  conflicts of interest?   I have served in this body for nearly 25 years. I have seen this body  take on the big questions of our time--the role of government in the  lives of everyday Americans, the threat of terrorism in the city I call  home and around the country, the right of every American to marry  whomever they love, the right of every American to vote free of  intimidation, and the right of every American to make their own  healthcare choices. I have seen us come through those battles bruised  and battered but stronger.   That is why I refuse to despair. I refuse to put my head down and  hide. I refuse to give up on America. I will stand here and fight for  the country we all believe in. I will do everything in my power to  represent the strong progressive values of the men and women who sent  me here.   I will work with my colleagues here in the House and the Senate to  stand united against any effort to undermine the rights we have fought  so hard to achieve, whether it comes from the other end of the world or  the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.   But if there is to be any check on this administration, congressional  Republicans will need to join in that fight, and it starts with  rejecting the shameful slate of nominees.   