 Mr. President, as we approach yet another deadline to  continue funding for the government, I rise to speak today regarding my  frustration and disappointment that Congress is once again kicking the  can down the road. I am frustrated that I keep having to have this same  conversation with my colleagues. I am disappointed in the lack of  responsibility of everyone here in Washington, DC, to  [[Page S2582]]  do their job. Washington, DC, is the only place I can think of where  people believe it is OK not to do their job, miss their deadlines, make  up a new deadline, and then repeat that same process year after year  after year.   I am upset that continually I have to remind everyone in Congress  that the most basic responsibility that we have is to pass a budget and  all of the appropriations bills and we should do it on time. It seems  like Members of Congress now depend on the countdown clock at the  bottom of every news channel to remind them to do their job.   Here we are, 4 months into 2017, and we still have not completed the  appropriations process that was supposed to have been done half a year  ago. If that is not bad enough, we only have 15 legislative weeks left  to finish funding for the next fiscal year. My colleagues, I believe we  are setting ourselves up for failure.   Washington is a consequence-free zone. That is why I will continue to  advocate for my No Budget, No Pay Act. I have personally never seen  Congress pass all 12 appropriations bills on time, on their own,  without an omnibus or a CRomnibus. Regardless of who is in the  majority, regardless of who is in the minority, my No Budget, No Pay  legislation says that if Members of Congress do not pass an annual  concurrent bipartisan budget resolution and all 12 spending bills on  time, each year, then, they should not get paid.   Let me repeat that last part. If Congress fails to pass all 12  spending bills on time each year, then, they should not get paid. The  American public is just as frustrated as I am. Since I have introduced  No Budget, No Pay, I have been getting some much positive support for  this idea. A woman by the name of Patricia from Fernley, NV, wrote to  say No Budget, No Pay is long overdue.   Dorothy from Henderson, NV, wrote me to say No Budget, No Pay is a  wonderful solution. Just last week, speaking in Reno, NV, I was asked  when Congress is going to finally pass the No Budget, No Pay Act. Until  the No Budget, No Pay Act is passed into law, I don't see any other way  to motivate Members of Congress to do their job and avoid these  continuing resolutions in the future.   I cannot support a CR that just boots our problems to another day  without enacting the principles that are outlined in my No Budget, No  Pay Act. There are important issues that need to be addressed through  the appropriations process. For my home State of Nevada, we are looking  at proposals from this new administration to cut funding to vitally  important programs, such as the Southern Nevada Public Lands Management  Act, better known as SNPLMA, or payments in lieu of taxes, better known  as the PILT program.   While these programs may not mean much to some of my colleagues, for  Nevada they are vitally important to ensuring economic viability and  competitiveness for our State. Moreover, Nevada has been a good steward  of these dollars by utilizing them for job-creating projects within my  State.   By taking up individual appropriations bills and engaging in debate  on programs important to particular agencies, Members have the  opportunity to fight for priorities that are important to their State.  Right now, I am fighting to fund these programs. Sometimes this fight  needs to ensure certain programs are not funded because they are a  waste of taxpayer dollars, like Yucca Mountain. I cannot say it enough  times for my colleagues: Congress should not provide any funding to  this failed project that has already wasted so many taxpayer dollars.   Nevada will not be a federally subsidized national nuclear waste  dump, plain and simple. If I can repeat that. Nevada will not be a  federally subsidized national nuclear waste dump, plain and simple.  Without exercising the power of the purse, which my No Budget, No Pay  legislation ensures, we will all be right back here in a week, a month,  or several months, making the same speeches, taking the same votes over  and over.   So I would like to say to any of my colleagues who are tired of these  continuing resolutions, regardless of what specific issues they are  fighting for, to support the No Budget, No Pay Act. I believe the  Congress can work again, but it will take some of that accountability-- like the No Budget, No Pay Act--to get us there.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   