 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, we confirmed two well- qualified nominees, Jeffrey Rosen as Deputy Secretary of Transportation  and Rachel Brand as Associate Attorney General, and today we will have  an opportunity to confirm another excellent nominee, Gov. Terry  Branstad to be U.S. Ambassador to China.   While I am pleased the Senate is working to fill these important  positions, it has been disappointing to see so much pointless  obstruction by our friends across the aisle. They have continuously  forced procedural hurdles on nominees for no other reason than to stall  confirmations, launching more filibusters against this President's  Cabinet than any other in history. They have done so not to change the  result but simply to eat up floor time that could be used for  legislation to help our constituents.   Take the floor vote they forced last week on the Branstad nomination.  The Senate voted overwhelmingly, 86 to 12, on that motion, proving once  again that our Democratic colleagues' tactics have little to do with  the nominees themselves but are just delaying for delay's sake. It is  really past time to stop the games.   Once confirmed as Ambassador to China, Governor Branstad will be  tasked with a portfolio that is important not only for our diplomatic  relationship with China but also for our trade policies with that  country. He has earned the support of Senators on both sides of the  aisle and was reported out of the Foreign Relations Committee by a  voice vote.   Having served as the Governor of Iowa for more than two decades,  Branstad has developed a strong understanding of agriculture, trade,  and other key national interests. His experience on these issues will  guide him as he works to strengthen our relationship with China and  pursue trade policies that can benefit American workers and businesses.  I look forward to confirming him as our Nation's next Ambassador to  China so he can get started on the important tasks before him.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 59, Amul Thapar to be United States circuit  judge for the Sixth Circuit.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee be discharged from  further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the  consideration of S. Res. 156.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 175, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  May 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour  be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks,  the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the  Sullivan nomination, with the time until the cloture vote equally  divided in the usual form; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30  p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings;  finally, that if cloture is invoked, all time during morning business,  leader remarks, recess, and adjournment count postcloture on the  Sullivan nomination.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Brown.   