 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from New York started this debate with  an amazing statistic when she said that over 1,500 small banks and  financial institutions have been forced to merge or be acquired or go  out of business altogether since the passage of the Dodd-Frank bill.   Those of us who opposed the Dodd-Frank bill at that time said this  would happen, and that is exactly what happened. The big have gotten  bigger.   I read recently that the five largest Wall Street banks had 22  percent of total deposits in this Nation before Dodd-Frank, but last  year, when I read the update, they now have 44 percent of total  deposits.   There is a big government, big business duopoly that controls too  much of the life of this country, and in every overregulated industry,  it ends up being consolidated and controlled in the hands of a few big  giants, and that is what has happened in this case.   I remember when my wife and I bought our first house. We signed about  two or three pages many years ago. Three and a half years ago, we  bought a lake house, and we had to sign over 100 pages of documents  that, being a lawyer and a judge, I knew that all it was was  meaningless paperwork for bureaucrats and lawyers.   This is important legislation. I have had many bankers across the  State of Tennessee who have told me how harmful and how difficult it  has been for the smaller institutions to comply with all the rules and  regulations and red tape.   Mr. Speaker, we need to pass this bill, and I urge its support.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's regulations  address many questionable practices that contributed to the collapse of  the housing market. Such practices were widespread in the mortgage  servicing industry. The Bureau's servicing rules apply across the  board, while providing a narrow exemption for small servicers.   This exemption minimizes the regulatory compliance burden on small  and community banks. Expanding current exemptions to larger  institutions, however, just opens the door wide to abuses by larger  banks primarily doing business not in the communities, the rural  [[Page H9805]]  communities and the underserved communities, but outside of the  communities where they are based, and by nonbanks, which still make  most of the riskier subprime mortgage loans.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to ask opposition to this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.   