 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for yielding to me the customary  30 minutes for debate.   I rise to debate the rule for consideration, which bundles together  two completely unrelated pieces of legislation. One is a joint  resolution disapproving of a Department of Labor rule that relates to  the drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants. The other, as  the gentleman just described, is the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey  Act.   There are many more important issues, in my opinion, that face this  country at the moment, and for the life of me, I cannot figure out why  my colleagues across the aisle think that ceding Bureau of Land  Management survey authority over federally owned land to the States and  impugning the integrity of those who rightfully seek unemployment  insurance are on the same list of important matters this body should be  addressing.   First, I would note the odd events that brought us here today as we  operate, once again, under a closed rule. I just heard the debate on  the previous rule, and I was illuminated by the gentleman from Alabama,  on the other side, who indicated that the rule wasn't closed because we  had a debate in the Rules Committee yesterday for 1 hour. A closed rule  is a closed rule. It means that other Members of this body do not have  an opportunity to have their amendments heard and/or made in order. We  are now entering our 13th of these closed rules in a body that claimed  that it was going to have open rules and regular order.   On February 3, Congressman McClintock wrote to Chairman Sessions,  asking that the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act be heard under a  structured rule, which still isn't an open rule. An amendment deadline  was set, and two germane amendments with no budgetary issues were  submitted. Nevertheless, my Republican colleagues shut down the process  and reported a closed rule. As of today, two-thirds of all of the rules  issued this session by the Rules Committee have been closed rules. We  should not be conducting the people's business this way.   I call on my Republican colleagues to put their unfounded fear aside  and let this body operate under regular order, under open rules, or, at  the very least, under structured rules.  [[Page H1146]]    I am dismayed to see, even when the Republican chairman of a  subcommittee asks the Republican chairman of the Rules Committee for a  structured rule, that the Republican leadership sees fit to ignore that  request and continue this closed process--stifling ideas and debate  before they can even get started.   It is this kind of shifting decisionmaking that sows distrust and  disappointment in the American people when they survey how business is  conducted in their House. However, it is not just this kind of  duplicitous behavior that undermines this institution, but, as I  mentioned moments ago, a complete lack of an ability to get our  priorities straight.   We still have plenty of folks who are looking for jobs. We have  plenty of people who are terrified that they will soon lose the health  care that keeps them and their children living healthy and productive  lives. We have plenty of people who are understandably concerned that  our immigration policy has taken a deep dive into the shallow end. But  we don't come here to address these important issues. Instead, my  Republican colleagues bring to the floor, week after week, legislation  to undermine well-thought-out agency rules and make it increasingly  difficult for our agencies to carry out their duties.   The fact that we need to come here today and discuss the efficacy of  having the Bureau of Land Management manage our Nation's land is beyond  me. For nearly 100 years, the Bureau of Land Management has conducted  uncontested surveys, and now we are supposed to believe that, all of a  sudden, the agency is not following the appropriate standard. If folks  don't like the survey methods or think the wrong standard is being  used, then one needs to go through the court system. One does not  engage in the unprecedented measure of ceding to the States the Federal  Government's legitimate authority over Federal land.   The second completely unrelated resolution, H.J. Res. 42, overturns a  Department of Labor rule regarding the drug testing of Americans who  apply for unemployment compensation. Under the Middle Class Tax Relief  and Job Creation Act of 2012, States were given the authority to  conduct drug tests on unemployment insurance applicants under two  circumstances: if the applicant were terminated from a previous job due  to unlawful drug use or if the only available, suitable work were in an  occupation that regularly conducts drug testing.    The rule in question clarifies that occupations that ``regularly  conduct drug testing'' include occupations that are specifically  identified in State or Federal law as requiring an employee to be  tested. Put another way, if a State thinks a job warrants a drug test,  all it needs to do is add the job to a list. The rule strikes a  balance, preserving deference to States while providing commonsense  clarity to the law. This is how things should be done--that is, the  regulations that were in force until now, at least.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, common sense is not put to much use  around here these days. Republicans want to repeal the rule because,  one would have to assume, it does not go far enough in embarrassing  those people who are simply trying to obtain unemployment insurance  during a difficult time. Let us be crystal clear in that the only  purpose this repeal can serve is to embarrass folks, because there is  no evidence linking those who seek unemployment insurance to increased  rates of drug abuse. Be that as it may, Republicans still insist on  expanding expensive and offensive drug screenings.   Today, once again, we see the Republicans engaging in the Trumpian  exercise of creating alternative facts. In today's example, we have a  resolution that is based on the blanket assumption that unemployed  Americans use drugs. It further implies that Americans who apply for  unemployment benefits are to blame for being unemployed. This  implication is as unfounded as it is offensive to those hardworking  Americans who find themselves unemployed due to no fault of their own.   And what do these hardworking Americans get for their troubles--a  Congress dedicated to ensuring that new and well-paid jobs are there  for them tomorrow?   Not at all. Instead, they get a Republican-led Congress that is bent  on subjecting them to unconstitutional, offensive, and expensive drug  tests.   Like it or not, facts still matter. Here is one: a conservative  estimate by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration puts the cost of drug testing at $25 to $75 per test.  Because Federal law prohibits charging applicants for these tests,  States would have to absorb the cost of testing thousands of unemployed  workers. In the State of Texas, for instance, that would translate to,  approximately, $30 million for a single year of testing. A while back,  we spent a lot of time around here talking about unfunded mandates, and  somehow or another, this one, I guess, doesn't fit in that category.   Mr. Speaker, arbitrarily testing Americans who apply for unemployment  compensation runs contrary to our Constitution and is a solution in  search of a problem. Being unemployed is not a sufficient reason to be  subjected to a government-operated drug test. Proposals like this blame  unemployed Americans for being unemployed. It is illegal and it is a  huge waste of money. We have got some real problems that we need to  address in this Congress. At some point, this Congress will need to get  to work.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   While we are discussing these matters that my colleagues want to  discuss that I don't think are paramount or issues that are vital to  America's security, there are a plethora of issues that we could be  discussing, and rightly should be. Toward that end, one of the things  that the minority is given as an opportunity is to offer a previous  question to the matter that is on the floor at this time.   So I exercise that prerogative by asserting that the National  Security Council was established in 1947 to encourage candid  discussions between the Federal agencies charged with keeping America  safe to ensure they would provide the President with the best policy  advice possible. For this very reason, security experts on both sides  of the aisle agree that partisan politics have no place in the  Council's deliberations.   With this in mind, it is deeply troubling that President Donald John  Trump would promote Steve Bannon, his chief political adviser, to a  full seat on the Council's Principals Committee, while simultaneously  relegating the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director  of National Intelligence to a lower status. At the very least, this  sends the very dangerous signal that the Trump White House intends to  let political calculations influence its decisionmaking on the life- and-death matters of national security.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer  an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative Stephanie Murphy's  bill to prohibit political advisers from regularly attending National  Security Council meetings.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 4 minutes  to the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Murphy).     Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), my good  friend, who is the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.    I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, through you, I ask of my good friend from  Oklahoma whether or not he has additional speakers. I do not, and I am  prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are here debating one rule for two entirely unrelated  and unnecessary bills. To make matters worse, in the process of doing  so, my Republican colleagues have shut out my fellow Democrats and some  of their Republicans, even after presenting two germane amendments,  even having the opportunity to have those amendments debated on the  floor of the House of Representatives, the people's House.    What are you afraid of? By not making in order germane amendments  with no budgetary effect, even after the chairman of the pertinent  committee asked that a structured rule be provided that would have  allowed for those two germane amendments to be offered, the majority is  silencing the duly-elected representatives of millions of Americans.   We have more important things to address here in the people's House.  Continuing to undermine the dedicated work of our Federal agencies,  continuing to govern not based on the reality of the situation but on  how you feel things are, and then shutting out the voices of millions  of Americans through their representatives from the legislative process  is shameful and no way to govern. The American people deserve better.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   