 Mr. Speaker, with Veterans Day approaching rapidly, I  find it particularly fitting that we raise this important issue today,  an issue affecting our veterans that should concern all of us here in  the Congress.   As Americans, we enter into a moral covenant with our armed services,  with the men and women warfighters that we send into harm's way. It is  a covenant that says: you do this for us, and we will take care of you  when the time comes, when you need us. It is a covenant that our  honoring is of paramount importance, and there is no one here in the  people's House who wants to turn his or her back on that covenant.    As part of this enduring covenant and commitment to those who have  served our Nation, the VA provides, as has been mentioned, a modest Aid  and Attendance benefit to low-income veterans in need of our support.  It is a benefit that helps pay for assisted living and in-home personal  care for veterans who qualify for VA pension and are homebound or  require the aid and assistance of another person.   Unfortunately, as Dr. Roe mentioned, a number of unscrupulous scam  artists are out there taking advantage of this commitment and this  benefit provided to our veterans. They abuse the VA system by  deliberately misleading our veterans into thinking they have to pay  application fees, into creating damaging irrevocable trusts, into  paying extra fees for so-called expediting these applications when no  such expediting is available, and for paying any fees at all when, as  has been mentioned, the veterans service organizations do it for free.   Practices such as these leave vulnerable, elderly veterans with few  choices outside of draining their own remaining assets. My bill, the  Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017, is a bipartisan,  commonsense approach that will direct Federal agencies to work with the  States and outside experts to establish standards that will prevent  this kind of exploitation of our veterans and protect them from  dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices relating to the  A&A benefit, and it will require a report from the Government  Accountability Office to conduct a study and report to Congress on how  better to protect veterans from these scam artists.   Mr. Speaker, we owe our veterans, who have made great sacrifices for  all of us, the protection and benefits that they deserve, and, as such,  I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill.   I want to thank the chairman of the VA committee, Dr. Roe from  Tennessee; its ranking member, Mr. Walz from Minnesota; and the entire  Veterans' Affairs Committee for taking up this bill. And I would also  like to thank, over in the Senate, Senator Warren, for her hard work on  this bill in the Senate as well.   