 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Representative from the  District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for yielding. I want to thank Mr.  Royce for his continuing principled and focused leadership on issues  that relate to foreign policy, that relate to human rights, and that  relate to international law. I appreciate very much his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that I was able to join with the majority  leader, Mr. McCarthy, my friend, in sponsoring this resolution. It is  an appropriate response to the terrible actions that were taken by  security officers protecting Mr. Erdogan on his visit here.   I rise in support of this resolution, which I am proud to have  introduced along with the majority leader, Ranking Member Engel, and  Chairman Royce.   The assault on nonviolent demonstrators here in our Nation's Capital  on May 16 by Turkish security personnel was an outrage. Our resolution  makes it clear: the United States will not tolerate violence against  peaceful protesters on our shores, and those responsible must face  justice.   Turkey remains a critical NATO ally, but I am, nevertheless,  extremely concerned, Mr. Speaker, by the fact that this is the third  such incident in recent years, marking a pattern of violence by Turkish  security personnel in the United States--unacceptable.    Senator John McCain--I won't quote him, but his response was very  direct and very basic. He, too, said this was unacceptable behavior,  and he even suggested that perhaps the Turkish Ambassador ought to  leave. I do not suggest that, but I do suggest the conduct must change.  It is unacceptable.   Our resolution calls on the State Department to take appropriate  actions to ensure that the Turkish Government understands that we will  not allow this to happen again. There must be consequences to this  unprovoked attack on peaceful American citizens in their own country,  and those responsible should be charged and prosecuted by the United  States.   It should be clear to Turkey and to all nations that we will oppose  any attempt to suppress dissent or the freedom of speech. That is why  that is in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States  because our Founding Fathers and, frankly, those who follow Western  values--and, yes, some Eastern values--believe that free speech is  absolutely the sine qua non--an absolute essential--for democracy to  succeed and to flourish.   I want to thank Mr. Royce again for his principled leadership. I want  to thank Ms. Norton, and I want to thank the members of the Foreign  Affairs Committee for their work on this resolution. I urge every  Member of this House to join not only in passing it but sending this  strong message not only to our Turkish allies but to all those who  would come to these shores and understand that our citizens may well  have something to say. They may say it with signs, they may say it with  their voices, and they may say it by standing someplace in proximity;  one of the facets of America is that they have the right to do that,  and those who visit our shores must honor that right.   Support this resolution.   