 Mr. President, whether one is a progressive, a Democrat,  a conservative, a Republican, or somewhere in between, there is a deep  understanding in this country that we are living in a rigged economy,  and people are increasingly angry and frustrated about the growing  inequality and unfairness they see all about them.   It is hard to believe, but in the United States of America today, the  top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom  90 percent--one-tenth of 1 percent, bottom 90 percent. A study came out  fairly recently indicating that in the United States of America today,  the three wealthiest people in our country--Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and  Warren Buffett--now own more wealth than the bottom half of the  American people. Three people own more wealth than the bottom half of  the American people.   Meanwhile, while the very, very rich get richer, some 40 million  Americans are living in poverty. These are people who are struggling  today to figure out how they put food on the table for their kids, how  they put gas in the car in order to go to work, how they pay their  electric bills, how they deal with childcare. There are 40 million  people living in poverty. The middle class is disappearing. People are  working two or three jobs. For the first time in the modern history of  this country, young people may well have a standard of living lower  than their parents'.   On top of all of that, we remain the only major country on Earth that  doesn't guarantee healthcare to all of our people. Twenty-eight million  people today have no health insurance. Many more are underinsured. And  if our Republican colleagues get their way, they are going to throw  another 20 or 30 million people off of their health insurance.   It is not only the reality of grotesque levels of inequality that is  making the American people despondent and angry; it is the reality that  the people on top, with their wealth and power, can access lawyers and  accountants who are able to manipulate the system to benefit themselves  at the expense of everyone else. That is the essence of what a rigged  economy is about and what I want to say a few words about today.   In my view, one of the great crises facing our world--and we are in a  world of many crises--is the rapid movement toward international  oligarchy in which a handful of billionaires own and control not just a  significant part of the American economy but a significant part of the  world economy. Needless to say, this is an issue that does not get a  whole lot of discussion because, in general, the more important the  issues are, the less discussion they get within the corporate media or  within the political world that we live in here in the Congress.   Let me reiterate. One of the great crises that we face is that a  handful of billionaires are moving this entire planet toward an  oligarchic society in which the people on top not only have incredible  wealth but incredible political power as well.   This last Sunday, a group of investigative journalists released over  13 million files known as the Paradise Papers exposing just how  horrific this situation has become. These papers show how a handful of  oligarchs in the United States and throughout the world get richer by  hiding their wealth and their profits offshore to avoid paying their  fair share of taxes. The list of individuals implicated in the Paradise  Papers include billionaires such as the Koch brothers, Sheldon Adelson,  Carl Icahn, and Robert Mercer. It includes large financial institutions  such as Wells Fargo, Citigroup, and Bank of America. It includes large  multinational corporations such as Apple, Nike, and ExxonMobil. It  includes members of the Trump administration, such as Secretary of  State Rex Tillerson, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, chief economic  adviser Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin.   Let's be clear. Offshore tax evasion is a major problem not just for  the United States but for governments throughout the world. This is  really quite unbelievable. In the year 2012, the Tax Justice Network  estimated that at least $21 trillion--$21 trillion, a number almost  beyond comprehension--is being stashed in offshore tax havens around  the world. Imagine that. There is $21 trillion flowing into tax havens  in the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Luxembourg--all these places around the  world where the billionaire class and large corporations are stashing  their money not only to avoid taxes in the United States but to avoid  taxes in Great Britain, France, Germany, et cetera.   There is a funny thing about these guys. All of these billionaires  love veterans, and they love the military. They want to see us rebuild  the infrastructure, and they want to see our kids get a good education.  But you know what, they don't want to pay taxes to make that happen.  They want ordinary people to pay the taxes. Republicans here want to  increase military spending by $50, $60 billion. It is not the  billionaires who are going to pay the taxes on that--they have their  money in the Cayman Islands. It is the working class, the middle class,  upper middle class who will pay, not the billionaires. They love  America--except when it comes to accepting their fair share to make  sure that we continue to provide the services our men, women, and  children need.   The situation has become so absurd--and this is really how crazy it  is--that one five-story office building in the Cayman Islands is now  the home of nearly 20,000 corporations. This particular building in the  Cayman Islands is called the Ugland House. It is five stories. I know  that you can squeeze people into a building--sometimes three or four  people live in a room--but I think it is a little bit hard to  understand how 20,000 corporations function in a five-story building.  Of course the answer is that 20,000 corporations do not function in  this five-story building.  [[Page S7084]]  It is all a fraud. It is simply a mailbox address for 20,000  corporations that are in this building in order to avoid paying their  taxes. They are stashing their profits and their wealth in corporations  that use this building as a mailing address.   I know we are busy talking about so-called tax reform here, but in  the United States alone, offshore tax evasion costs our government  about $166 billion in lost revenue each and every year. That is a lot  of money that could be used to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure-- our roads, our bridges, our water systems. One trillion dollars--that  is 8 or 9 years of that $166 billion--could create up to 15 million  good-paying jobs. That is money that could be used to provide universal  pre-K for our children so that when kids get ready to go to school,  they will be prepared to do the work there. But instead of cracking  down on offshore tax schemes, President Trump and my Republican  colleagues in Congress are working overtime to pass legislation that  would make this absurd situation even worse.   At a time when corporations are making recordbreaking profits, my  Republican colleagues want to slash taxes for companies that are  shifting American jobs to China and American profits to the Cayman  Islands. At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, President  Trump and the Republicans in Congress want to cut taxes for  billionaires by repealing the estate tax on families who inherit over  $5.5 million. I think the American people grasp the unfairness and the  absurdity of the Republican tax proposal.   The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the  bottom 90 percent. The very, very rich are getting richer while the  middle class is shrinking, and the Republican response is to give  massive tax breaks to the top two-tenths of 1 percent--two-tenths of 1  percent. These are families like the Walton family, the wealthiest  family in America, who owns Walmart, who would get up to a $50 billion  tax break; and the Koch brothers, who have enough money to spend  hundreds of millions of dollars trying to elect rightwing candidates to  Congress.   There are massive tax breaks for billionaires and at the same time,  an effort to throw up to 30 million people off of the health insurance  they have, massive cuts in education, in nutrition, and in the programs  that working families desperately need.   Instead of providing even more tax breaks to very profitable  corporations and to billionaires and President Trump's Cabinet, maybe-- just maybe--it might be a good idea to close offshore tax loopholes and  demand a fair, transparent, and progressive tax system.   I hope the American people are catching on--as I believe they are--to  what a fraud the Republican tax proposal is. Today, one out of five  major, profitable corporations already pays zero in Federal income tax.  You can't do much better than paying zero in Federal income tax and be  a profitable corporation, but that is what is going on. Republicans  want to make that even worse, and then they want millions of middle- class people, by the end of the decade, to be paying more in taxes.  That is absurd, and I hope the American people stand up and demand that  we do not go forward with that proposal.   