 Madam President, as chairman of the Senate Armed Services  Subcommittee on Readiness, I would like to make a statement for the  record regarding an item of special interest inserted into the  committee report on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2018 related to the Department of Defense's use of its  intellectual property rights of certain medical products.   The committee report includes language that purports to direct the  Department of Defense to exercise its rights under the Bayh-Dole Act  ``to authorize third parties to use inventions that benefited from DOD  funding whenever the price of a drug, vaccine, or other medical  technology is higher in the United States'' as compared to prices in  foreign countries. I am concerned that the report language is  inconsistent with the original intent of Bayh-Dole and could hinder  critical medical developments.   Americans, including our men and women in uniform, must have access  to affordable healthcare, including prescription drugs and medical  technologies. However, I fear the committee report directive in  question will slow future innovation, lead to a more complex and  burdensome regulatory scheme, and make it less likely that our military  personnel will be able to access cutting-edge medicines in the future,  while doing nothing meaningful to address healthcare costs. The DOD  relies on its partnerships with industry to develop vaccines, drugs,  and diagnostics that target unique threats faced by our warfighters  during operations in theater. As such, the biopharmaceutical industry  plays a critical role in enhancing our military and civilian defenses  against biological, chemical, radiological, and nuclear threats.   Federal agencies, such as the DOD, already face significant  challenges in attracting top drug and vaccine developers as partners to  develop lifesaving medical countermeasures necessary to protect the  warfighter. These challenges include low procurement quantities, high  regulatory risk, complex Federal contracting regulations, and  inconsistency in funding, among others. The added risk of diluting or  compromising intellectual property protections as a means of price  control will not only fail to meet its objective, but will serve as an  additional deterrent to private sector development of critical medical  capabilities offered by DOD.   Furthermore, companies who partner with the Federal Government rely  heavily on the strength and scope of their intellectual property to  generate investment to take their technologies to commercialization.  The report language invokes the Bayh-Dole Act, the purpose of which is  to encourage the prompt commercialization of federally funded patents.  Prior to Bayh-Dole, collaborations between private industry and public  entities were rare. The act has fostered a delicate balance of  collaborations between Federal agencies, public research institutions,  and private industry that have resulted in the commercialization of  inventions for use by all Americans, especially in the area of medical  countermeasures for our servicemen and women.   In the drug development context, Federal funding under the Bayh-Dole  Act has facilitated the discovery of 153 marketed drugs and vaccines  over the last 30 years. The act included the creation of so-called  march-in rights to allow agencies to compel additional licensing if  good-faith efforts toward development are not being made. Agencies can  also march-in if a licensee cannot produce enough products to meet a  national emergency. It is these provisions to which the report language  refers and I believe inappropriately expands the statute's reach to  include Federal price controls and increases the scope of the  government's authority.   Nothing in the Bayh-Dole Act, whether in march-in rights or  otherwise, provides a Federal agency the authority to influence the  price of a commercialized invention. Regulating the price of  commercialized intellectual property was never intended by Congress  when passing the Bayh-Dole Act,  [[Page S5784]]  as evident by the Senate and House reports. Congress contemplated the  use of march-in rights only ``when the invention is not being used.''  Further, Senators Bayh and Dole have subsequently explained that the  absence of any reference to reasonable pricing in the statute was  intentional. As Senator Bayh--the author of and driving force behind  the Bayh-Dole Act--has said: Any attempt to use the Bayh-Dole Act to  support price controls is a ``flagrant misrepresent[ation]'' of  Congress's purpose in enacting the statute. Consistent with this  position, a Federal agency has never invoked the Bayh-Dole Act to  interfere with the price of a commercialized invention. I am aware of  petitions to both the NIH and the DOD requesting march-in rights be  exercised on the basis of pricing, and in all of those cases, the  petitions were rejected in accordance with the law.   The committee report language seeks to authorize something that the  statute itself does not. I believe the item of special interest does  not accurately reflect the current intent of Congress with respect to  the Bayh-Dole Act, and I encourage the DOD to continue to rely on the  existing interpretation of Bayh-Dole law when addressing these matters.   