 Mr. President, maybe my colleagues have heard through  public and private conversations over the past year that I believe the  Senate is moving gridlock from here on Capitol Hill to all across the  city and across the Nation. The reason for that is how we do  nominations and the length of time on nominations. It is time for the  Senate to fix the Senate's rules.   Here is how it works. As this body knows extremely well, we have over  1,000 nominees who come from the President. In the first year of a new  Presidency, a vast amount of time is spent in getting those 1,000  people through the nomination process. Each one of those is selected by  the White House. They do their own vetting, and then they send them  over to the Senate.   The Senate has the constitutional responsibility for advice and  consent. When they come through the Senate, they will go through  background checks, evaluations, and conversations with staff on both  sides of the aisle.   They then come to the committee, go through a committee process and a  hearing, they are voted on in that time period, and then they move to  the floor.   When they move to the floor for debate, typically, for most of the  years of the Senate, they have already gone through the committee  process. Every Member of the Senate has the opportunity to be able to  take a look at their information. And then they move through with a  simple-majority vote. That is the way nominations have moved for most  of the history of the Senate.   A few years ago--20 or so--some individual Senators started asking  for cloture votes. Those cloture votes started to slow down the process  on about 3 or 4 nominations a year; then it became 9 or so nominations  a year; then it moved to as crazy of a number as 13 or so a year, of  the 1,000 or so moving through.   That became such a nuisance that in 2013, my Democratic colleagues  called for something they called the nuclear option, to say we will  just take nominations not from 60 required to be able to get to cloture  but just to 51. There was debate and internal conversation about that  because Republicans, quite frankly, were holding up 15 or so  nominations a year with the cloture process. So there was a big debate  about that.   In the beginning of President Obama's second term, Republicans and  Democrats came together and they changed the rules of the Senate for 2  years and said: OK, truce. The simple rule of the Senate was for any  cloture vote, if there was one called for--again, typically, you would  never call for one, but if there was one called for, there would be 2  hours of debate for a district court judge, 8 hours of debate for most  nominees, and 30 hours of debate for Supreme Court, circuit court, or a  Cabinet-level appointment. But even Harry Reid, when he stood on the  floor, said this would be only--his words--``extraordinary  circumstances'' if you should ask for a cloture vote at all. But if  they were asked for, it would be 2 hours, 8 hours, or 30 hours. Prior  to that, all nominations were 30 hours of debate, literally taking up  an entire day to move one person, knowing that you have to move 1,000.   A few months after that, still in 2013, Democrats still frustrated  that Republicans were calling for some cloture votes still, moved to  have the nuclear option entirely and just transition all nominations,  except for the Supreme Court, to just 51 votes. So now they had the  rule of expediting 2 hours, 8 hours, and 30 hours, and the new ability  to move them all with just 51 votes.   Quite frankly, if you are going to change the rule to 51 votes, you  probably need to change the cloture rule as well. They just did it in  reverse. They changed the rule for how many hours it would take and  then later changed the rule for how many people it takes to go through  the process.  [[Page S8216]]    Now what has happened? Remember I argued that we had 13, 14, 15  people held up in cloture in a year? This year, so far, there have been  64 nominations held up in cloture votes. That is 64 days in the Senate  we could do nothing else but sit here waiting. Now, it wasn't for  debate. It may sound as if it is being held for 30 hours of debate for  that time period. Debate normally didn't happen. Most of the time, this  Chamber was empty. It was just that 30 hours was demanded to shut down  the body as a whole, 64 of those in this year.   What has it brought us? It has brought us more animosity, more  division, and more frustration. My Democratic colleagues a few years  ago were screaming that we should have the nuclear option because  Republicans were so irrational with 15 cloture votes. Yet we have  watched 64 occur this year.   Earlier this week, I sat down with the Rules Committee and brought a  very simple option to everyone, Democrats and Republicans alike, and we  had a great turnout to be able to just talk through the process. My  simple presentation was, let's take the rule that was agreed to in  2013, that Harry Reid and the Democrats brought at the beginning of the  second term of President Obama, and let's have the rule for each  nomination be 2 hours, 8 hours, and 30 hours. Let's move back to the  tradition that Harry Reid had, which is to say let's make cloture votes  only extraordinary on a nomination, if needed at all, but if they are,  2 hours, 8 hours, or 30 hours. To do the exact same thing now is what  was agreed on in 2013 and 2014.   By the way, Republicans joined with Democrats during that time period  and passed that new rule, which would put us at disadvantage with 78  votes.   I don't think it is too much to ask to say that if we are going to  get the Senate back to work again, then let's actually get back to work  again. Let's put us in a process that actually gets there.   What happens in the meantime when that does not occur? I will tell  you what happens. In the meantime, we have agencies all over this town  that can't answer a question because the bureaucrats are waiting on a  Senate-confirmed individual to be able to lead that agency--to be the  Secretary, Under Secretary, Deputy Secretary, whatever the task may be,  the counsel for that particular agency--so they sit and wait. So our  constituents who are trying to get a permit in certain places or trying  to get an answer or trying to get disaster relief--all they can say in  the office is, we can't do that until we get a Senate-confirmed  position in place. But we can't get Senate-confirmed positions in place  until my Democratic colleagues will actually allow individuals to  actually come up and be debated.   What else happens? The other thing that happens is, we can't do  legislation in this body; we can only do nominations. With 1,000  different positions that are open, typically they move through rather  quickly and they move through the process. But when 64 days are held up  just for that, during that time period, you can't do anything else but  sit and go through what is called the cloture 30 hours. You can't bring  up other legislation.    Then what happens? Well, then my Democratic colleagues come to the  floor and say: We haven't had a single debate in this body on CHIP. We  haven't had a debate on infrastructure. We haven't had debate on any of  these things. Why won't we move a bill on all of these things?   At the same time, they know it is because they blocked the floor from  being able to move legislation because of continual cloture votes over  and over and over. It is a bizarre game that doesn't lead to solutions;  it leads to greater animosity. It is the same frustration that has  existed for a while; it is just getting louder.   At some point, we have to put in a process and say: How do we get out  of this? How do we fix this? I think the best way to fix this is to  take a bipartisan solution that was agreed to before when Democrats  were in the lead, to agree to it now and say that is going to be the  permanent rule, just to be able to move a set of ideas.   For what is historically called the greatest deliberative body in the  world, wouldn't it be nice to actually get back to deliberating again,  spending more time on legislation rather than more time arguing about  why aren't debating it when everyone secretly knows the reason, which  is because we can't get it to the floor?   I do grow tired. I grow tired of hearing all the political statements  and accusations.   Republicans hate children.   They want to throw them out.   They don't want them to have health care.   They hate people of color.   They are trying to exclude people from voting.   They are trying to keep people from having tax reform.   They only care about the wealthy.   Just over and over, when at the same time, the undercurrent is out  there to keep anything from being discussed on the floor. It is an  interesting strategy to paint your ``enemy,'' but it doesn't help the  country--intentionally divisive without a solution.   In 2001, the first year of a new President, there were 51 nominations  pending that first year.   There is an interesting thing in the Senate rules. It is the  wonderful rule XXXI that no one has heard of. It states that at the end  of a year, any nominations that are still out there can be  automatically thrown back to the White House and they have to start all  over again. They have to renominate them. They have to go through the  whole process. They have to go through committees.   At the end of the first year of President Bush, there were 51  nominations still sitting there at the end of that year. On 49 of them,  this body, by unanimous consent, said: No, we will just hold them over.  We are fine. We don't have to send them all back to the President.   In 2009, in President Obama's first term, there were 72 folks. For 64  of those, this body--every Republican and Democrat--agreed to just  leave them here and not make them go through the whole process again,  which would have been absurd.   As of now, we have 122 pending at the end of President Trump's first  year. I am interested to know, when Republicans gave Democrats  unanimous consent to be able to maintain their nominations in the past,  what happens now. Will this be yet another sign of pure politics rather  than actually helping the country get stuff done?   I look forward to the day when we can work toward solutions, not just  argue and banter back and forth with political statements. If we are  going to get stuff solved, let's not pretend and play games and put  each other down; let's actually sit down in a room and get stuff  solved. Let's fix the rules of the Senate, whether they be the budget  rules that keep us from actually having real budget debates or the  rules of the Senate that keep us from actually working rather than  allowing us to actually do work.   The rules of the Senate and the process in the Senate are determined  by the Senators, so we alone are to blame when the Senate is not  working. There is no finger-pointing. There is no ``it is that party.''  There is no ``it is that person.'' It is all of us.   So my recommendation is simple. Let's fix it. Let's resolve the  issue. Let's do the right thing in the right way.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). The Senator from Colorado.   