 Mr. President, I also rise to advocate the passage of a  clean Dream Act now.   I had a youngster say to me--and I am going to tell the stories of a  few of the youngsters--at an event in November, a Dreamer in Northern  Virginia: ``You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.'' It  is a beautiful line, as we know, from the song ``Imagine'' by John  Lennon. ``You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.''   There are 800,000 Dreamers in this country--more than 800,000. More  than 13,000 of the Dreamers live in Virginia, and they are from all  corners of the world. I have met with Dreamers in Virginia who were  originally born in Sweden, Nigeria, Latin America, many countries in  Asia. They are a rainbow but also a source of strength for our country,  and we need to act on their behalf.   I also stand here in the Christmas spirit. We will all, so many of  us, hear the retelling of the Christmas story. In the aftermath of the  birth of the poor child in a manger, the story goes that he was taken  by his parents to another country essentially as a refugee. There were  threats of violence against the firstborn children of the land, and so  he was spirited across a border into Egypt to be protected.   I know many of these Dreamers, and I know so many like them. I worked  as a missionary in Honduras in 1980 and 1981, and I had the opportunity  to work with youngsters in a country that was then and still is beset  with violence and poverty and where so many parents have to make an  agonizing choice. In some instances, they make the choice to try to  find a better land for their children, just as Jesus and Mary did as  they fled to Egypt at the Christmas season more than 2,000 years ago.   So I stand here in that moment, in that spirit, knowing that hundreds  of thousands of Dreamers need our protection and, frankly, deserve it.  Are we less compassionate than those societies of old that have found  refuge for those who have come fleeing hardship? I  [[Page S8223]]  don't believe we are. I know the American public isn't, and I know the  Virginia public isn't. The question is, Is Congress as compassionate as  we need to be?   We tell the story of some of the Dreamers in Virginia, and I have  made many speeches on this floor and told many of their stories.   Juan de la Rosa is a DACA recipient--one of our 13,500. He is a  Richmonder. I first came to know Juan when I was the mayor of Richmond.  He arrived at age 5. In a comment to me, he said: In one way or  another, you have always been an active part of teaching me how being  involved in the political process is the key toward positive change.   He started when he arrived here at 5 years old, and he excelled  immediately. He went to Manchester High School in Chesterfield County  and graduated in 2014. He was a drum major in the marching band, class  representative, and a president of several honor societies.   After graduating at the top of his class at this very competitive  suburban high school, he continued at Virginia Tech. At Virginia Tech,  he started Tech DREAMers, which is a student organization there trying  to create a more inclusive environment for the Dreamers on the campus.  Through Tech DREAMers, he hosted dialogues around immigration reform  and other issues--not just with Hokies but with students all around  Virginia and around the country.   This past May, Juan de la Rosa graduated magna cum laude from  Virginia Tech, and he continues to be active. He works in the  admissions office as a Dreamer, traveling the country and telling  students all over this country about the opportunity that was offered  by this great university in the Commonwealth. He says: ``All of this  would not have been possible, had it not been for the opportunities  afforded me because of DACA.''   Juan, like so many other undocumented young people, is the very  embodiment of the Virginia Tech motto. The motto of Virginia Tech  University is ``Ut Prosim,'' Latin for ``That I May Serve.'' That is  what Juan is doing. He wants Congress to pass a clean Dream Act now so  there is a permanent solution for him and so many others.   Alejandro Zuniga is the internal president of DREAMers Empowered at  Northern Virginia Community College. I sat down with him a few weeks  ago at a roundtable I held with these Dreamers. He was from Bolivia. He  lived there until he was 7. His parents brought him here. He was not  fully aware of what it was to be undocumented until he was ready to go  to college, and his parents explained it to him. His favorite thing as  a kid growing up in the DC area was to go to the Air and Space Museum.  Now he is at Northern Virginia Community College making honor grades,  studying to be an aerospace engineer.   Monday, I sat down at the Richmond Public Library with a group of  Dreamers from the Richmond area. A few stopped by my office on a day I  wasn't there and asked for a meeting. We sat down together. Let me tell  you about some of them and some of their parents.   Mateo is a Dreamer and sophomore at VCU. He went to the same high  school my daughter went to. My daughter Annella graduated from the  Governor's School in Petersburg in 2013. Mateo was a freshman, and he  graduated in 2016. He is part of a group called UndocuRams, a student  organization whose mission is to foster inclusion for Dreamers on the  VCU campus.   Mateo's mom came with him to the meeting to show her support for her  son. She is heartbroken seeing him work so hard and so afraid of what  might happen to him and so afraid of what might happen to her. She  prays that this system may find a just result for her child and for  herself.   Finally, at the same meeting, I had Bertha. Bertha is both a Dreamer  and a mom. She is a young mother. Her parents brought her here in 1998  from Mexico as a young child. She is an exceptional member of her  community. She works in a local Catholic Church, volunteers with the  PTA at her children's school, and coaches her children's and other  children's soccer teams. Bertha told me she has learned the values of  volunteering and helping others from being here in the United States.  This is an interesting one. I hadn't heard this before. Bertha told me  that where she came from in Mexico, there wasn't a great tradition of  volunteer organizations. There was sort of the government, and there  were churches. She said, coming to the United States, she has become  aware of a whole sector of society that was not familiar to her:  volunteer organizations--groups of people who get together to try to  tutor other kids to be Big Brothers or Big Sisters.   She said what she has learned from the United States, more than  anything else, is this amazing power of volunteerism and the network of  social service groups that are run by volunteers. She said: I want to  be just like that--and that is what she is doing.   Why would we want to lose a mother, a Dreamer like Bertha from our  community? She has explained, as so many have--folks here on the Hill  engaged in rallies have explained with tears in their eyes the fear  they feel. They had a President, who, though he said some tough things  about immigrants during the campaign, he always said about Dreamers:  Dreamers will have nothing to worry about in me. These Dreamers are  good kids. They were taken by complete surprise when, in September, the  President announced he would terminate the DACA Program in 6 months.  From that moment, it has been unremitting fear for these young people  and for their families.   The only thing in the President's announcement that I think we could  probably all agree to is--even though I was a strong supporter of  President Obama's Executive action; firmly believed it was within his  legal power--a statutory fix is better than an Executive action because  an Executive action depends upon the temperament of the particular  President; whereas, a statutory fix provides people with some  permanence, some confidence, and some security, and that is what we are  called to do.   Again, in the spirit of the Christmas season--and because I am seeing  this particular Presiding Officer--I am reminded of a beautiful phrase  of Pope Francis whom the Presiding Officer and I have talked about  before. In a letter he issued on Ash Wednesday in 2015, he called on us  to be ``islas de misericordia en el medio de un mar de indiferencia''-- islands of mercy in the middle of a sea of indifference. That is a  powerful phrase. Let's be islands of mercy in the middle of a sea of  indifference. It was interesting. He didn't say: In the middle of a sea  of hatred, in the middle of a sea of prejudice. He could have said all  of those things. What he said was: ``in a sea of indifference.''   Surely, as we hear of the virtues and the dreams, the achievements  and the accomplishments of these beautiful young people, we can call on  our inner spirit to be merciful, rather than indifferent. That is my  hope; that this body will do that by passing a clean Dream Act and  accepting with open arms the wonderful gifts these young people bring  to our communities.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   