 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the  nomination of Congressman Mick Mulvaney to be the Director of the  Office of Management and Budget. Based on his appearance before the  Senate Budget and Homeland Security Governmental Affairs Committees, he  appears to be a smart and articulate individual, but after examining  his record and his testimony, I believe he lacks the fundamental  judgment to serve in this important role.   Mr. Mulvaney's tenure as a Member of Congress has been marked by  symbolic stands and stunts that have been most successful in generating  bipartisan opposition rather than support. Until now, it has mattered  little whether his proposals have been motivated by firmly held  principles or other motives. We have just been fortunate that few of  Mr. Mulvaney's ideas have been made into law. However, with an  appointment to a position of real authority at OMB, Mr. Mulvaney will  have great power to put his ideas into practice. For that reason, it is  worth reflecting on the positions he has taken.   At times of national fiscal and economic turmoil, Congressman  Mulvaney could consistently be found among those stoking the flames of  pandemonium in order to advance a partisan or ideological point.  Indeed, he was among those Republican Members of Congress who cheered  efforts to force the country to default on our financial obligations in  2011, dismissing the domestic and global alarm over Republican  brinkmanship as ``fear mongering'' and as promoting a ``fabricated  crisis.''   In 2013, he voted to support the Republican shutdown of the Federal  Government, which ultimately cost American taxpayers $2 billion in back  wages for Federal workers who were locked out of their jobs. In  addition to this and other fiscal waste, the 16-day shutdown hurt the  economy. Moody's estimated that it ``cut real GDP by $20 billion,  shaving half a percentage point off growth in the fourth quarter [of  2013].''   In 2015, Mr. Mulvaney was part of another Republican shutdown effort.  This time it was to shutter the Department of Homeland Security to  protest President Obama's immigration policy. Thankfully, House  Republicans relented before the shutdown took effect. Otherwise, the  closure would have caused about 30,000 furloughs and about 200,000  other people, including Coast Guard personnel, TSA, ICE, Border Patrol  and Customs officers, to report to work, most of them without the  promise of a paycheck.   When Americans have suffered natural disasters, Mr. Mulvaney has  shown himself among those who are the least sympathetic about providing  Federal assistance, insisting, for example, that emergency aid for the  victims of Hurricane Sandy should be offset. He has at least been  consistent in this regard, since he voted against similar aid to his  home State of South Carolina. Of course, his opposition in that  instance was mainly symbolic because it was a foregone conclusion that  the bill would pass. But this should give every American pause. Mr.  Mulvaney's record of supporting brinkmanship and his responses to  written questions show that his first instinct will be to use any one- time emergency as an opportunity to force lasting budgetary cuts.   I am also concerned about Mr. Mulvaney's intentions with regard to  the elimination of the sequester-level budget caps. In 2013, with  sequester cuts on the horizon, Mr. Mulvaney ruled out revenue increases  or scaling back the sequester. He said: ``We want to keep the sequester  in place and take the cuts we can get.''   As the nominee to OMB director, Mr. Mulvaney now believes, like  President Trump, that the sequester caps should be lifted for defense,  but he has made no allowance for nondefense discretionary programs and  agencies, including the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security.  Mr. Mulvaney has thus far failed to grasp that there is simply no way  to secure support for sequester relief without addressing both the  defense and nondefense sides of the ledger. Moreover, he has not  recognized that it is repugnant to many to suggest that one side of the  budget can be cannibalized to fund the other side. The best way to fund  sequester relief is through the proven combination of additional  revenue and reasonable cuts. It has worked before, and we should look  to that solution again.   We should also reject efforts to use Overseas Contingency Operations  accounts, or OCO funding, to fill the gap when it comes to defense  spending. It is not a legitimate tool to fix the sequester. Despite my  many disagreements with Mr. Mulvaney, this is one point where we do  appear to see roughly eye to eye in terms of using the OCO for those  overseas contingencies they were designed to fund.   Where we disagree most vehemently is on the matter of core programs  that help Americans lift themselves up so they can participate fully in  our economy and society. Although he has recently changed his position,  Mr. Mulvaney, as a State legislator, voted for legislation that  questioned the constitutionality of Medicaid and Social Security, and  today he still questions the constitutionality of Federal involvement  in education. This is more than a philosophical stand. His position  will color how the administration invests in schools and students over  the next 4 years. I am especially disturbed that Mr. Mulvaney is not  even willing to commit to protecting funding for the Pell Grant Program  and to reducing college debt, a burden faced by students and their  families all across this country.    I have also been disturbed by Mr. Mulvaney's cavalier position about  benefit cuts to Social Security and Medicare, by such measures as  increasing the retirement age. Let's be clear. When you force a person  to wait 2 or 3 more years to begin collecting the full benefits they  have earned, it is a cut. If poor health or lack of job prospects  forces a person to begin collecting benefits before reaching the normal  retirement age, he or she will see a significant reduction in monthly  benefits.   These cuts fall heaviest on the most vulnerable--low-income workers  and workers in the most physically demanding jobs, those who simply  cannot continue to work for another few years. We can make changes to  sustain these programs without the deep cuts to benefits that Mr.  Mulvaney would promote.   In this one area, I would hope the President could prevail over his  staff. Many times during the campaign, President Trump promised to  protect Social Security and Medicare. In fact, last March he said:  ``It's my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is.  Not increase the age and to leave it as it is.''   It remains to be seen how sincere the President is on this issue.  Last month, he was effectively rebuffed by 49 Republicans who voted  successfully to kill Senator Sanders' amendment to create a point of  order that would prevent the Senate from breaking President Trump's  promise that ``there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and  Medicaid.''   Unfortunately, the President said nothing about this vote, which  should lead all Americans to ask how committed he is to his promise.  His choice of Mr. Mulvaney also leaves me concerned that he is not  sincere about this  [[Page S1177]]  promise, since Mr. Mulvaney seems clearly intent on making cuts to  these vital programs.   Mr. Mulvaney has also proven himself unsympathetic to the challenges  facing working men and women in this country. He has sponsored  legislation to bar the Federal Government from requiring project labor  agreements. He has voted to repeal Davis-Bacon prevailing wage  requirements, and he has cosponsored legislation to undermine the  ability of workers to collectively bargain.   Moreover, Mr. Mulvaney failed to pay more than $15,000 in  unemployment and FICA taxes for a household employee between 2000 and  2004, only making good on that obligation during his nomination  process. Even if this could be characterized as an oversight, it is  worth noting that Mr. Mulvaney has previously proposed legislation to  bar tax delinquents from serving in elected office in South Carolina  and to authorize supervisors of Federal employees to take punitive  action against workers who have failed to pay taxes.   One wonders how Mr. Mulvaney would feel about the fitness of a  Democratic nominee with a similar challenge.   Finally, let me say a few words about Mr. Mulvaney's laissez-faire  approach to regulation, particular the oversight of Wall Street. I  believe strongly that the lack of effective regulation, the lack of  oversight, and the lack of appropriations for the financial regulatory  agencies contributed heavily to the great recession, which is why I  worked so hard to support the adoption of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street  Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including the creation of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).   Mr. Mulvaney, not surprisingly, takes a different view. As a member  of the Financial Services Committee in the House, he said: ``I don't  like that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau exists.'' The CFPB  is a consumer-focused agency that has brought nearly $12 billion in  refunds and restitution to consumers for Wall Street's abuses. This  includes more than $120 million that have been returned to our military  families through the efforts of the Bureau's Office of Servicemember  Affairs, which I worked with Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts to  establish.   Because of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection  Act, working Americans have an advocate in the consumer finance  marketplace that is laser-focused on protecting them. Mr. Mulvaney  would prefer to transform this agency into a paper tiger that is  subject to partisan political pressure and influence from the various  industries it is attempting to police. We should not allow him the  chance to do that from a perch at OMB.   The country has been fortunate that House Republican leadership, with  good reason, in my view, did not reward Mr. Mulvaney with a position of  authority from which he could exercise real control. Unfortunately, the  promotion that President Trump has offered would give him great power-- power that will ultimately, I believe, be destructive in his hands. As  a result, I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.   