 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming.   Madam Speaker, for the past 30 years, through the Hyde amendment, the  U.S. Congress has acted to prevent taxpayer money from being used to  pay for abortions. The bipartisan Hyde amendment has been an annual  rider on appropriations bills, but ObamaCare bypassed this abortion  funding prohibition leading to the largest expansion of taxpayer  funding of abortion in American history since Roe v. Wade.   That is why we desperately need to pass H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer  Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act to  permanently codify the Hyde amendment and apply it across the entire  Federal Government. This bill will also ensure that the prohibition is  not subject to annual threats and it will close the massive loophole  that was created by ObamaCare.   Since 1976, the Hyde amendment has saved the lives of over 2 million  babies--roughly the same number of people who live in the city of  Houston, Texas, where I serve as a U.S. Representative. For the sake of  these 2 million people and the millions more that will be saved, we  must permanently codify the Hyde amendment's pro-life protections.   Furthermore, as ObamaCare presented the largest expansion of  abortions since the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court case, we must ensure that  the Hyde amendment covers all areas of the Federal Government. This  will ensure that taxpayer dollars are no longer used to subsidize  abortions.   H.R. 7 is a critical piece of legislation that is supported by nearly  two-thirds of the American people who do not want the government to be  in the business of killing unborn babies. Congress must act to preserve  the Hyde amendment for posterity and to put an immediate end to the  ongoing harm being done with taxpayers' money.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote for the passage of this  much-needed bill to end taxpayer funding of abortion once and for all.   Mr. McGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Sanchez), who is the vice chairwoman of the Democratic  Caucus.   