 Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of  Rachel Brand to be the Associate Attorney General.   The Associate Attorney General is the third-most senior position at  the Department of Justice. During these troubling times, I cannot in  good conscience support Ms. Brand's nomination.   The American public must have faith in its institutions, and  unfortunately that trust is eroding more and more each and every day.  For the first time in recent history, we are facing questions about a  significant interference from a foreign government in an American  Presidential election. Even more troubling, there have been serious  questions about a Presidential campaign's potential collusion with  Russia, a foreign adversary.   We have an idea of the potential problem here, and the Justice  Department is supposed to be a part of the solution. Unfortunately, the  recent conduct of the President's appointees to the Department of  Justice have only added fuel to the fire.   First, Attorney General Jeff Sessions failed to reveal his  communication with the Russians during his confirmation hearings. This  omission led him to publicly pledge to recuse himself from Russia- related investigations.   Then, in an inexplicable turn of events, the Deputy Attorney General  and the Attorney General advised the President to fire former FBI  Director Jim Comey, who we know was in the midst of investigating the  Trump campaign's relationship with Russia. Let me be clear: That was a  firing that the President himself admitted was related to ``the Russia  thing.''   Then the day after firing Director Comey, the President revealed  highly classified information to Russian officials during a meeting in  the Oval Office--a meeting that, I may add, was closed to the American  press but oddly included only the Russian press.   You simply can't make this stuff up. The level of turmoil and the  questionable behavior on the part of this administration are deeply  disturbing, not just for Americans but for our allies all across the  globe.   We are currently lurching from crisis to crisis, and we must pause  for a moment and consider what is at stake; namely, the security and  the future of our democracy.   My Democratic colleagues and I have repeatedly called for a special  prosecutor to take over all of the Russia-related investigations, and  recent events show that the need for a special prosecutor is greater  now more than ever. It is time to put country over politics, and it is  time for a transparent and thorough investigation into these concerns.  If there is no wrongdoing, then the President should not be concerned  about getting the American people the truth they deserve. Our  constituents need to have their faith restored in our institutions and  that will require transparency, integrity, and professionalism from  officials at the Department of Justice.   I joined the vast majority of my colleagues in supporting the  confirmation of Rod Rosenstein to serve as Deputy Attorney General with  the belief that he would bring a voice of reason to the Department of  Justice. The results have been, needless to say, disappointing. With  the current state of this Justice Department, I have no reason to  believe Ms. Brand will fare much better.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to consider the very  real challenges we face. This is not an issue of partisan politics or  the outcome of a past election; this is about protecting the sanctity  of our democracy from outside threats.   I believe we absolutely must work together to restore the credibility  and the independence of the Justice Department. Until we have an  independent special prosecutor and until we are confident that the  Attorney General is truly honoring his recusal on the Russia  investigation, I cannot support another senior political nomination to  this Justice Department.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   