 Mr. President, over the past few months, Congress has  passed 14 different resolutions that are going to save the American  people money and are going to make it a lot easier for our economy to  grow. There have been 14 times since February that we have struck down  unnecessary, burdensome, and costly regulations.   These were called ``midnight regulations'' because they came at the  end of the Obama administration. Some came out, actually, after the  Presidential election had been completed. The outcome was known, and,  still, the outgoing administration tried to continue with what  President Obama's Chief of Staff at one time called ``audacious  executive actions.'' Half of these 14 regulations--half of them--were  actually put in place after the November Presidential election.   When one thinks about the election last year in November, President  Obama said time and again during the campaign that his agenda was on  the ballot. The American people rejected that agenda, and the President  dumped these new rules on the American people as a parting shot. We  wiped out 14 of these regulations--wiped them off the books.    In one resolution, we rolled back an important part of President  Obama's war on coal. That was the so-called stream buffer rule. It was  designed to shut down a lot of the surface coal mining in this country.  It would have destroyed up to one-third of coal mining jobs in America.  So we passed a resolution that will protect coal mining jobs and  protect American energy independence.   There was another resolution we passed that restores the role of  local land managers in deciding how best to use Federal land. Before  the Obama administration, the local experts were the ones who would  help decide how Federal land could be used in so many areas around the  country. These are the people on the ground. They are the ones who know  best what works there. They are the ones with the best sense of how to  balance all of the different ways that land can be used. That could be  things like recreation, energy production, and grazing.   Well, the Obama administration said it wasn't interested in hearing  from the local experts anymore. It decided to put the decisions--all of  those decisions--in the hands of unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats  in Washington, DC. So Congress passed a resolution that says these are  decisions that affect local communities and those communities should  have the say--and a significant amount of say--in how decisions get  made.   When we look at these 14 resolutions all together, they will save  Americans over $4 billion and more than 4 million hours of paperwork  because not only are the regulations expensive, they are burdensome and  time-consuming.  [[Page S2895]]    I can tell my colleagues this is just the beginning. These  resolutions are just one tool that we have to strike down bad  regulations. There is much more that Congress can do and will do, and  there is much more that the Trump administration can do.   The administration has already made it clear that the bureaucrats in  Washington are not in charge anymore. I plan to make sure the Trump  administration keeps up the pace and tosses some of the worst  regulations and rules into the garbage where they belong.   A good place to start would be for Ryan Zinke, the Secretary of the  Interior, to throw out another rule that makes it more difficult to  produce American energy. This regulation supposedly tries to reduce how  much methane gets lost in oil and gas production. There is always some  unprocessed natural gas that gets released at gas and oil wells. Energy  producers try to gather up this gas and then ship it to a processing  plant where, of course, it can be sold. It can be used by customers,  and taxes are paid on it that go to State and local governments, as  well as money that is raised by the sales for the companies themselves.   To do that, the producers need small pipelines. They need these small  pipelines to collect the unprocessed gas from the wells and to get it  to the processing plant. Here is the problem: We don't have enough of  these gathering lines. Without the gathering lines, the only option is  for that gas to get burned, and that extra natural gas will escape into  the air.   So what do the bureaucrats in Washington say? They could have  addressed the real reason this gas is being lost; that is, the fact  that they haven't allowed enough of these gathering lines on Federal  land. Instead, they decided to write a regulation that makes it tougher  for us to produce American energy here in America. The Obama  administration blocked the permits to build the gathering lines.   So this methane rule is a terrible regulation. It is redundant. It is  unnecessary. I believe it is illegal, and it needs to go. Secretary  Zinke should wipe the slate clean and get rid of this outrageous rule  immediately. He should also order the bureaucrats who work for him to  start approving more of these gas-gathering lines. That is what we  really need. We need to make energy as clean as we can, as fast as we  can, and do it in ways that do not raise costs for American families.  We need to balance thoughtful regulation with a growing economy. We can  have both.   The Obama administration absolutely failed to strike the right  balance. The Trump administration and Congress have a lot more we can  do to make sure we get the balance right.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   