 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Ways and Means  Committee for his hard work and effort, his staff's effort, and his  committee members' effort to put this great bill on the floor today.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a vitally important bill. This will help  all Americans' lives for the better. The name fits for this bill as  well. It truly is a tax cut for American working families, and it  creates good-paying jobs.   The bill is the result of over 3 years of hard work here in the House  of Representatives. It has been clear for years that our Tax Code is  broken. We all agree on that. Simply put, it does not work for the vast  majority of the American people.   What we do is simplify the Tax Code. More Americans will be able to  take a standard deduction, file on a postcard their tax return,  simplifying the process. Importantly, it makes us more competitive  internationally so we don't lose jobs to overseas companies. That makes  us stronger as a nation.   At the same time, it helps small businesses compete with those large  businesses, with those global businesses, and makes sure that our Main  Streets are strong in America.   This is a very good bill. It is a very good bill, well contemplated,  and will have a great impact on working families.   The bill helps families in my district in particular. The Tax  Foundation says that average middle class families in my district in  western North Carolina are going to see a $2,400 increase in their  take-home pay. That is real money for working Americans. It is real  money for North Carolinians as well.   The bill also helps small businesses by reducing their tax rates and  allowing them to create more good-paying jobs. We need that. Small  businesses are the lifeblood of western North Carolina's communities.  We need them strengthened.   The same Tax Foundation study estimates that this bill will create  nearly a million new jobs nationwide, including more than 30,000 in  North Carolina alone.   Now, there is a great debate in this body about the approach we took  on this bill. There is a fundamental disagreement between the two  parties here.   My colleagues on the left want more power, more expenditures from  government, and want to take more from the American people in order to  pay for that.   We believe, on the Republican side of the aisle, that American  families should be able to keep more of what they earn, make more  decisions for themselves, empower communities, empower small  businesses, make us more competitive and make us stronger.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, to send a strong message  that we in the House of Representatives have a strong tax package for  the American people. I look forward to getting this bill signed into  law before Christmas.   