 Mr. President, I am honored to speak tonight after casting  my vote to confirm Dr. Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. I  have known Heather for nearly 20 years and submit that President Trump  could not have selected a more qualified candidate to lead the Air  Force in these demanding times. I am pleased that the Senate was  finally able to confirm her nomination, and I wish her great success.   As an Air Force veteran, former Member of Congress, and most recently  the leader of one of the top science and engineering schools, the South  Dakota School of Mines and Technology, Dr. Wilson has repeatedly  demonstrated leadership abilities that will serve her and the Air Force  well in this next chapter.   Her commitment to duty links back to her time as a cadet at the Air  Force Academy, where she was a distinguished graduate. In fact, she  will be the Academy's first graduate in history to serve as a Secretary  of the Air Force. Dr. Wilson went on to serve as an Air Force officer  in Europe during the Cold War, where she was based in the United  Kingdom and at the U.S. Mission to NATO in Brussels. Upon leaving the  Air Force, she served on the National Security Council staff of  President George H.W. Bush, working on NATO and conventional arms  control.   At a time when America's partnerships are being challenged by threats  around the world, I am confident that her experience will lend a steady  hand to our military decisionmaking.   Dr. Wilson will also bring with her great experience honed in the  Halls of Congress. At the start of her decades-long representation of  New Mexico's First Congressional District, she quickly became one of  the go-to Members on national security issues. Heather took on tough  issues not unlike the ones she will surely face as Secretary of the Air  Force. Whether on issues of strategic objectives and readiness or  personnel matters, such as military sexual assault, she is prepared to  have frank discussions on the issues and will contribute insightful  proposals on how to best tackle the many challenges facing the Air  Force. She understands not only the Air Force's key capabilities but  the perilous outcomes we may face as a nation if we do not properly  train and fund our military. She knows that rising to meet the  challenges of the day must be done with an eye to the future so we may  also deter and defeat the threats of tomorrow.   At a time when national security is of foremost concern, Dr. Wilson  understands the Air Force's tremendous responsibility in keeping  Americans safe and will be guided by the core values of the Force:  integrity first, service before self, and excellence in all that the  Air Force does.   I could not be happier for my friend, Dr. Heather Wilson, and wish  her and her husband Jay the best of luck. South Dakota and the South  Dakota School of Mines and Technology are losing an asset, but I am  confident that the new era of excellence Heather helped usher in leaves  the school well-positioned to remain a foremost engineering, science,  and research institution. We are proud of Heather's continued success  and trust she will represent us well as the 24th Secretary of the Air  Force.   I would like to thank my colleague, Chairman McCain, for his work to  advance Dr. Wilson's nomination through the Senate Armed Services  Committee and for granting me the opportunity to introduce Dr. Wilson  at her confirmation hearing. It was my honor to endorse her before the  committee and to cast my vote in support of her nomination this  evening. I am glad the Senate has advanced another of President Trump's  nominees and wish Dr. Wilson, our next Secretary of the Air Force,  continued wisdom and success as she continues her outstanding  leadership in service to our country.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it has been said that nothing is certain  but death and taxes. To that, nowadays, we might add bad news about  ObamaCare because if there is one thing we can count on, it is bad news  about this fatally flawed law--high premium costs, huge deductibles,  customers losing health plans, customers losing doctors, fewer choices,  failed co-ops, unraveling exchanges, and I could go on.   There is no question that our healthcare system had problems before  ObamaCare was passed. Clearly reforms were needed. But as the past 7  years have made clear, ObamaCare was not the answer, and this law is  rapidly collapsing under its own weight.   Here is a sampling of recent ObamaCare headlines.   This is from Bloomberg: ``Thousands of ObamaCare Customers Left  Without Options as Insurers Bolt.''   This is from CNBC: ``Aetna will exit ObamaCare markets in Virginia in  2018, citing expected losses on individual plans this year.''   From the Arizona Republic: ``Consumers seek relief as `ObamaCare'  rates rise.''   From USA TODAY: ``Iowa may be without individual health plans if  insurer pulls out.''   In February of this year, Mark Bertolini, the CEO of health insurance  company Aetna, asserted that ObamaCare is in a death spiral. There is  good reason to think he is right in that significant losses are driving  health insurers out of the exchanges. Last year, Aetna announced that  it would withdraw from 11 of the 15 States in which it offered exchange  plans, Humana said it would exit several exchanges, and mega-insurer  UnitedHealthcare announced that it was pulling out of most of the 34  States in which it offered exchange plans.   Roughly one-third of U.S. counties have just one choice of health  insurer on their exchanges for 2017, and the situation looks likely to  get much worse next year. In February, health insurer Humana announced  its decision to completely withdraw from the ObamaCare exchanges for  2018. Aetna is pulling out of two of the four States in which it will  still offer plans in 2018, and it has indicated it may pull back even  further. Wellmark is leaving Iowa. UnitedHealthcare is leaving  Virginia. Other insurers are contemplating similar exits.   The New York Times reported in March that ``ObamaCare Choices Could  Go from One to Zero in Some Areas.''   ``Parts of the country,'' the Times notes, ``are in jeopardy of not  having an insurer offering ObamaCare plans next year.'' The quote goes  on: ``Many counties already have just one insurer offering health plans  in the ObamaCare marketplaces, and some of those solo insurers are  showing signs that they are eyeing the exits.'' That is from the New  York Times.   What that means is that tens of thousands of Americans may have  ObamaCare subsidies next year without insurance plans to spend them on.  As my colleague Senator Alexander, who does so much good work on  healthcare as the chairman of the HELP Committee, has said, it is like  having a bus ticket in a town with no buses running.   While Americans' health insurance options dwindle, their premiums are  rising. Midlevel ObamaCare plans saw an average 25 percent premium  increase for 2017--a 25-percent increase for just 1 year, which is on  top of years of premium increases under ObamaCare. And what are  Americans with those plans paying for? The odds are good that they are  paying for plans with limited choices of doctors and hospitals. A 2016  study of 18 States and Washington, DC, found that 75 percent of their  exchange plans for 2017 would likely be health maintenance  organizations or exclusive provider organizations--two types of plans  that tend to offer narrow provider networks.   In his joint address to Congress at the end of February, the  President said of ObamaCare: ``Action is not a choice--it is a  necessity.'' He is exactly right. ObamaCare is collapsing, and the  status quo is not sustainable. Unless we want millions of Americans to  face healthcare disaster, we have to repeal and replace this law.   Last week, the House passed an ObamaCare repeal and replacement bill.  This legislation repeals ObamaCare's tax increases, penalties, and  mandates and starts the process of restoring control of healthcare to  States and individuals.   The House has made a good start, and I am looking forward to getting  to build on their bill here in the Senate. I want to make sure we amend  the House tax credit to ensure that assistance is better targeted to  those who need it the most. I am looking forward to working with my  colleagues--Chairman Alexander, Chairman Hatch on the Finance  Committee, Policy Committee Chairman Barrasso, and many others--to make  sure we have a bill that will provide the American people with real  relief.   ObamaCare was founded on the premise that government knows best when  it comes to individuals' healthcare and that a one-size-fits-all  solution is somehow the best solution, but we know now that is not the  case. Individuals know best, and their doctors know best. Government  does not know best. It is absurd to think that a massive Federal  bureaucracy can hand down one comprehensive solution that will somehow  meet the needs of hundreds of millions of individuals in this country.  We need to move control from Washington and give it back to the States  so they can embrace healthcare innovations and solutions that work for  the individuals and the particular needs in their States.   Republicans are working to implement the kind of healthcare reform  the American people are looking for--more affordable, more personal,  more flexible, and less bureaucratic. Americans have had enough of  ObamaCare's problems. They are ready for healthcare reform that  actually works, and we are committed to giving it to them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   