 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Countering  Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017, which passed the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee last month by a vote of 18 to 3.   I would like to thank the members of our committee and the coauthors  of this bill for working in a constructive, bipartisan fashion to craft  this legislation. I think it is a good example of how the Senate can  still work together to tackle complex and difficult issues.   I was in the SCIF recently--it is a place where Senators go to read  classified information--reviewing intelligence. It truly is  astounding--I know the Acting President pro tempore knows this well-- what Iran continues to do around the world. For a people who are  capable of so much, their foreign policy is shockingly counter to their  own interests. We see destabilizing act after destabilizing act, from  missile launches to arms transfers, to terrorist training, to illicit  financial activities, to targeting Navy ships and detaining American  citizens. The list goes on and on, and it is past time for us to take  steps to protect the interests of the United States and our allies.    This bill is the first time Congress has come together since the  JCPOA, the Iran nuclear deal, to do just that. For far too long the  agreement--which I strongly opposed, as did our ranking member, as did  our Acting President pro tempore--has dictated U.S. policy throughout  the Middle East.   It is worth noting that the JCPOA is not unlike the Paris climate  accord. I don't think many people in our country nor many people in  this body realize it is a nonbinding political agreement that was  entered into by one man using Presidential Executive authority and can  easily be undone by one man using Presidential Executive authority. In  fact, in many ways it is easier than the Paris accords, considering the  President doesn't have to take action to exit this agreement. I don't  think most Americans understand that he doesn't even have to take  action to exit the agreement. All he has to do is decline to waive  sanctions. I think that has been missed. I know the Acting President  pro tempore is very aware of that. I know the ranking member is very  aware of that. No matter what the President decides, this bill makes it  clear that Congress intends to remain involved and will hold Iran  accountable for their nonnuclear destabilizing activities.   What the nuclear agreement failed to do was allow us to push back  against terrorism, human rights issues, there are violations of U.N.  Security Council resolutions relative to ballistic missile testing, and  to push back against conventional arms purchases which they are not  supposed to be involved in. As many of us predicted at the time, Iran's  rogue behavior has only escalated since implementation of the  agreement, and this bipartisan bill will give the administration tools  for holding Tehran accountable.   Let me say this. I don't think there is anybody in this Chamber who  doesn't believe the Trump administration--and I know there has been a  lot of disagreements recently about foreign policy issues in the  administration--but I don't think there is anybody here who believes  they are not going to do everything they can to push back against these  destabilizing activities. What we will be doing today and tomorrow with  passage of this legislation is standing hand in hand with them as they  do that. It also sends an important signal that the United States will  no longer look the other way in the face of continued Iran aggression.   I want to recognize the important work of my colleagues in making  this legislation possible. Senator Menendez has been a champion for  holding Iran accountable in this bill but also in decades of work on  this issue. He is truly an asset to the Senate, and I thank him for his  commitment to many issues but especially this one. Senators Cotton,  Rubio, and Cruz all played an important role in crafting this  legislation as well.   Finally, let me say this. This would not have been possible without  the support and tireless effort of the ranking member, Senator Cardin,  and his great staff. It has truly been a pleasure for me to work with  him on the Russia bill that we will be voting on today at 2 p.m. but  also this legislation--we have come from two very different places,  representing two very different States, and yet are joined by the fact  that we care deeply about making sure the foreign policy of this  country is in the national interests of our citizens and that we as a  Congress and as U.S. Senators are doing everything we can to help write  positive foreign policy. I thank him for that, and I am proud of the  strong bipartisan momentum behind this legislation, which his  leadership has helped to happen, and I look forward to passage of this  bill.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 240.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   