 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before I move into my remarks, I would  like to say welcome back to the Senator from North Carolina. We are  happy to see him hale and hardy.   I was worried until I saw your little internet video and you looked  fine. It is nice to see you. We welcome you back to the Senate floor-- and looking more energetic than the rest of us, in any case. So happy  to have you back, Senator Tillis.    Mr. President, I thank Mr. Franken for his leadership on  this issue. He is a person who understands the content industry and has  been a fierce defender of people's ability to view content online,  people's ability to express themselves online, and understands that a  fair and open media marketplace is central to our democracy.   I want to address one assertion that was made by the proponents of  repealing net neutrality; that is, that somehow the investment climate  under net neutrality was harmed. They say there is some reason to  believe that under net neutrality, the investment climate was  diminished, but the Internet Association published research today that  addressed this very issue, and their findings show that since 2015,  when the rules went into place, telecommunications investment has  actually increased. ISPs and their consumers are enjoying historically  low production costs and innovation has increased. Free Press also  published a report on this question earlier this week, and they found  that investment in broadband by publicly traded companies actually went  up after net neutrality went into place. Here is what the research  director at the Free Press had to say: ``If investment is the FCC's  preferred metric, then there is only one possible conclusion--net  neutrality and Title II are a smashing success.''   Here is the point. The internet is not broken. There are parts of the  economy that are not working well. We struggle with manufacturing. We  need to invest in infrastructure. We have a trade imbalance. We have a  higher education system that is not working for everybody. We need to  do more work in these areas, but the part of our economy that is  working great for consumers, for entrepreneurs, for the private sector,  for engaged citizens is the internet itself. Tomorrow, the FCC is going  to endeavor to break it.   Before I hand it over to someone who has been working on these issues  for many years, I want to point out that nobody would have anticipated  that the Affordable Care Act would still be on the books because of  unprecedented online and inperson organizing.   The FCC has a very unique process where there is going to be a 3- month public comment period. The statute actually allows the public to  go and weigh in on what they think. The last time this happened when  net neutrality principles were being established, 3.8 million people  commented. So far, before they even take their first formal action,  there are 1.6 million people who have already commented. My guess is,  by the time tomorrow is  [[Page S2994]]  done--maybe the next day--we will be well into the 2 to 3 million  comment range, and they still have 3 months to go. Understand the power  in our democracy still resides with the people. Somebody who has been  working in the trenches on this issue and many consumer issues for a  very long time is my great colleague, the senior Senator from  Connecticut, and I will yield to him as I realize I think I am standing  at his dais.   