 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to  [[Page H4902]]  me, and let me thank him for his leadership of the Republican Study  Committee and what that committee means to the conservative movement  and what it means to the cause of freedom and opportunity for so many  working men and women.   I especially want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina for his  work on the American Health Care Act and what that means to so many of  our constituents to truly be able, after this rise of premiums where  people are paying more to get less in healthcare, to really bring us to  a moment where we can have patient-centered healthcare. I just want to  thank him for that.   These are actually hopeful times for the American people.  Regrettably, as we know, working America hasn't received a pay increase  in almost a decade. Their savings have remained decimated since the  financial crisis. So to get this economy moving again, our President  knows, this Congress knows that, number one, we do have to return to  patient-centered healthcare, not for what that means just to our  families, but what it means to our economy.   We have to have fundamental tax reform as well, and I know that our  House Ways and Means Committee is working on that assiduously, but we  also have to have fundamental reform of our regulations. There is no  regulation that has imposed more burden on our economy than the Dodd- Frank Act. In fact, it is more burdensome to our economy than all  Obama-era regulations combined. It is simply that bad.   When they passed this bill in the wake of the financial crisis, they  told us that it would lift the economy. But instead of lifting the  economy, we are mired in the slowest, weakest recovery in the postwar  era.   They told us that it would end bank bailouts, but cynically, it  codified them into law and backed it up with a taxpayer bailout fund.   They told us and they promised us it would make the economy more  stable, but instead, the big banks have gotten bigger and the small  banks have gotten fewer.   They told us and promised us it would help the consumer, but instead  of helping the consumer, free checking at banks has been cut in half.  Bank fees have increased. Has anybody within earshot tried to get a  mortgage recently? They are harder to come by. They cost hundreds of  more dollars to close. There are fewer credit card offerings.   What has happened here is, under Dodd-Frank, those who are seeking  credit are now paying more and receiving less. This is hurting not only  our families, but it has hurt our economy. Small business lending  hasn't recovered, entrepreneurship is at a generational low.   So that is why it was so important that on Thursday of last week this  body, this House, took action and passed the Financial CHOICE Act. The  Financial CHOICE Act represents, for all of America, economic  opportunity for all, bank bailouts for none.   It replaces the era of bank bailouts with bankruptcy for these large  financial institutions. It replaces Washington micromanagement with  market discipline. That is how we help to grow this economy. It will  create more credit for more people.   There is a whole part of this legislation that is totally devoted to  our small banks and credit unions because it is our small community  financial institutions that help finance our small businesses. It is  our small businesses which are the job engine of America. That is what  has been choked off by this heavy hand of Obama regulation.   So I was proud to play a very small role in the House to bring the  Financial CHOICE Act to the House so that we can indeed, as the acronym  suggests, create hope and opportunity for investors, for consumers, for  entrepreneurs. We want the animal spirits in the American economy to  move again. We want that budding optimism that tomorrow can be a better  day, that you can be your own boss, that you can start your own small  business. We want that opportunity to flourish yet again in America.  That is what we managed to do with the Financial CHOICE Act.    I am very happy that we have now sent it over to the Senate. We look  forward to having the Senate act upon this. The American people can't  wait to get this economy moving again.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for highlighting this for  the American people, and I want to thank him again for his leadership  of the Republican Study Committee. Without this august group, the  Congress' largest caucus, the caucus of conservatives, this would not  have happened, and I want to thank him for that.   