 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of the Oversight and Government  Reform Committee, the committee with oversight jurisdiction over  Federal workers and agencies, I am one of the staunchest supporters of  whistleblower protections in the Congress. I strongly support enhancing  protections for the brave men and women who put their careers on the  line to speak out against waste, fraud, and abuse.   I fully support the intent of S. 585 to protect whistleblowers who  face investigations in retaliation for their disclosures. But I am  disappointed that the Republican leadership chose not to consider this  measure under regular order.   House Republicans rushed this legislation directly to the floor,  bypassing any consideration by the Oversight Committee or the Veterans'  Affairs Committee, which have jurisdiction over the bill. It is  especially disappointing that my committee was not given the  opportunity to address constitutional and privacy concerns raised by  the Trump administration's Office of Personnel Management about the  bill. That is what I said: the Trump administration's concerns about  it.   It is even more disheartening that the Rules Committee issued a  closed rule for this bill. They blocked all three germane amendments  that I submitted, including an amendment to fix the problems identified  by the OPM.   The measure before us today would change the procedures for  disciplining Federal supervisors who retaliate against employees who  blow the whistle. It would require agency heads to impose suspensions  of at least 3 days for a first offense, and termination for a second  offense whenever an agency head, administrative law judge, the Merit  Systems Protection Board, a Federal judge, or an inspector general  finds that a supervisor retaliated against an employee who blew the  whistle.   It also would reduce the length of the notice requirement for  proposed disciplinary action from 30 days to 14 days. It would  eliminate the option to hold a hearing if a supervisor contests a  proposed disciplinary action. It would change the current burden of  proof for demonstrating retaliation from a preponderance of the  evidence to require agency heads to impose disciplinary action in any  case in which a supervisor does not furnish evidence or if the head of  the agency determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse  the proposed action.   The bill also would require an agency head, when an employee may have  committed suicide, to refer any information to the Office of Special  Counsel indicating that the employee had blown the whistle and that the  agency took personnel action against the employee.   The OPM has questioned whether some of the provisions in the bill  would withstand constitutional scrutiny if challenged in court, and I  agree with the OPM on that issue.   For example, the OPM explained that the bill's requirement to propose  minimum penalties of 3 days' suspension for the first offense and  termination for second offenses could violate due process protections.  These protections require agencies to notify employees of factors they  will consider regarding proposed penalties for findings of wrongdoing  and to provide employees with meaningful opportunities to respond. The  United States Supreme Court and Federal Circuit Courts have ruled that  Federal employees are entitled to these protections. After all, they  are Americans.    But according to the OPM, the bill would eliminate agency  consideration of many of the 12 factors that were set force by the  Merit Systems Protection Board in Douglas v. Veterans Administration in  1981. The Board uses these so-called Douglas factors to assess the  reasonableness of penalties, and agency officials who propose or decide  adverse actions against employees must concurrently consider these  factors.   Concerns have also been raised that by reducing the current  requirement for 30 days' notice of adverse action to 14 days, lowering  the existing burden of proof, and eliminating the option for hearings,  the bill could be challenged on the basis that it does not give  supervisors sufficiently meaningful opportunities to respond to  accusations of retaliation.   In addition, although the intent of the bill is to enhance  protections for whistleblowers, there is some concern that it would be  misused to harm whistleblowers. For example, an agency head could  utilize the bill's abbreviated disciplinary processes in bad faith to  retaliate against supervisors who blow the whistle on high-level waste,  fraud, or abuse.   Lastly, the provision requiring agency heads to refer information to  the Office of Special Counsel regarding employees who may have  committed suicide raises important privacy questions. The bill does not  include any provision requiring agencies to obtain permission from  family members before sharing information about an employee's death. It  is unfortunate that the House has failed to take the opportunity to fix  these flaws in this measure.   The second amendment that I presented would have protected the  privacy interests of employees who commit suicide by requiring written  permission from their next of kin before agency heads disclose the  details about the death.   And another amendment that I submitted would have made corrections in  the underlying bill to ensure that managers who violate whistleblower  rights will be held accountable, while safeguarding due process rights.   Finally, the third amendment was the text of my bipartisan bill, H.R.  702, the Federal Employee Anti-Discrimination Act of 2017, which passed  the House by a voice vote under suspension of the rules earlier in this  Congress, and also passed the House by a vote of 403-0 in the last  Congress.   This amendment would have expanded the protections for employees who  suffer retaliation and discrimination. It also would have prohibited  the use of nondisclosure agreements to prevent employees from  disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse to Congress, to the Office of Special  Counsel, and inspector generals.   I expect the bill, as it now stands, to engender substantial  litigation that may have to be addressed by the courts. It would,  indeed, be unfortunate if that litigation resulted in overturning  disciplinary action against an employee who retaliated against a  whistleblower, when we could have acted today to address the  constitutional concerns.   As I said before the Rules Committee, sometimes I think we can get so  caught up in our partisan battles, that even when we come with good  suggestions as to how to make a piece of legislation better and more  effective and certainly come within the bounds  [[Page H8001]]  of the Constitution, we are blinded by what we see; and that is this  battle between Republicans and Democrats, Mr. Speaker, and we don't  come up, sometimes with the very best product.   But even with all that, because I am so concerned about  whistleblowers, I plan to vote for the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Kind).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the ranking member of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee and one who has been a staunch supporter of  whistleblowers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   As I close, I take the opportunity to reiterate that I strongly  support the objectives of S. 585. If there is anything that we agree on  in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, it is that we must  protect whistleblowers.   Many of the investigations that we have conducted have been as a  result of somebody who saw something and said something. Like Dr.  Kirkpatrick, I am sure, in most of those instances, it was very  difficult for them because they, on the one hand, wanted to improve a  situation or address a problem, but at the same time, they knew that it  was possible that they, themselves, might be harmed and their families  might be harmed. So they make a very, very difficult choice, a very  difficult choice.   I am horrified that Dr. Kirkpatrick was so agonized by the treatment  he endured at the Veterans Administration that he saw no options for  himself. In other words, Mr. Speaker, he saw no way out. I worry that  there are civil servants today who are enduring that same agony.   But we say to them that we will protect you with all we have got, and  that is why I appreciate Senator Johnson's work on S. 585, and I share  his commitment to protecting whistleblowers. For that reason, as I said  earlier, I will vote in favor of this legislation.   That said, I wish that the Republican leadership had taken the  opportunities that my amendments provided to improve this bill. These  issues of equal protection are nothing to play with because we begin to  chip away and chip away and chip away at employees' rights, and the  next you know, those rights begin to disappear. Those are the kind of  rights that are a part and the fabric of this thing we call a  democracy. I think we have to be very, very, very careful. It is going  to be interesting to see what the courts have to say about this  legislation.   My amendments would have addressed the constitutional concerns raised  by OPM--and I emphasize OPM. This was not the Obama OPM. This was the  Trump OPM.   My amendments would also have protected the privacy of employees who  take their own lives.   My amendments would have added to the underlying bill additional  protections for employees who suffer retaliation or discrimination,  protections that the House has already approved.   I believe this is a missed opportunity and it is sad. I truly hope  that future litigation does not undo the advances that this bill seeks  to make in the protections provided for the courageous men and women  willing to blow the whistle on wrongdoing. In this day and age, we need  the whistleblower more now than we have ever needed them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members to support this bill to protect some  of the boldest, most courageous people in our Nation, the  whistleblowers.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   