 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  538, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park Boundary Revision Act  of 2017.   First, I thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr.  Sablan) for yielding. And I thank the coauthor of the legislation, the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Austin Scott), my friend and colleague. He  has been a tireless advocate on behalf of this legislation, and we  would not be here today without his help and his advice.   I also thank Chairman Rob Bishop and Ranking Member Raul Grijalva  from the full Committee on Natural Resources for their work in bringing  this bill to the floor so early in the 115th Congress.   In the 114th Congress, Chairman McClintock and Ranking Member Tsongas  of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands were very helpful as well, and I  commend them and their staffs, especially Terry Camp and Brandon  Bragato, for their efforts.   This legislation was approved last March by the full House of  Representatives by voice vote. The Senate Committee on Energy and  Natural Resources also approved a companion bill, but it was not  considered by the full Senate prior to the adjournment of the 114th  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, there are few, if any, historic sites in the United  States that have evidence of continuous human habitation from so long  ago when the first nomadic people came to North America to hunt ice age  mammals and again to settle the Macon Plateau. It is what makes the  Ocmulgee National Monument so unique. On its 702 acres, one can find  archaeological evidence from these first nomads, the mound builders of  the Mississippian Period, British traders of the late 17th century, as  well as the Civil War period.   Our bipartisan legislation consists of three parts. First, it will  expand the boundaries from approximately 702 acres to over 2,800 acres,  providing protection to additional archaeological resources, linking  two currently noncontiguous areas and improving the site's connection  to the city of Macon, Georgia. Most of the land will be donated from  nonprofit associations and government agencies. Property will also be  acquired only from willing donors or willing sellers, subject to the  availability of funding.   Second, the bill would change the name from Ocmulgee National  Monument to Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park, which would  increase name recognition and draw additional visitors.   Finally, H.R. 538 would authorize a resources study to explore the  possibility of expanding the park even further and include additional  opportunities for hunting, camping, fishing, and other recreational  activities.   The legislation enjoys widespread local support, including Macon  mayor Robert Reichert, the Macon Chamber of Commerce, the Macon-Bibb  Visitors Bureau, the Macon-Bibb Commission, the Macon-Bibb Economic  Development Commission, the Ocmulgee National Park and Preserve  Initiative, and the Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes:  Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole.   In short, I believe that H.R. 538 will strengthen the current  Ocmulgee National Monument and bolster the economy and cultural life of  Georgia and beyond. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I  urge my colleagues to support the legislation and urge its passage.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Austin Scott), the cosponsor of this  legislation.   Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop). I know he has had a busy week, as I have, with  his district being affected by the storms. I certainly want to take a  second to thank America for their prayers and their support. It has  been overwhelming. A tremendous number of churches have opened their  doors, and there are volunteers out there helping people. I thank all  who have participated.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee  Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017. I am  happy this legislation is being considered before the full House in  this Congress. I am hopeful we can reach an agreement with the Senate  to pass this legislation and have it signed into law.   For years, there has been a great effort to bring about increased  recognition of the enhanced cultural preservation of the Ocmulgee  National Monument. The Ocmulgee National Monument was originally  authorized by Congress in 1934 to protect the Old Ocmulgee Fields,  which includes a network of very well preserved Indian mounds of great  historical importance. The history of the fields can be traced back to  Native Americans who first came to the site during the Paleo-Indian  period to hunt ice age mammals.   The park is unique in that it vividly displays the story of many  stages of prehistoric cultural development, including the Mound Builder  period and highlights the important role of agriculture in the region.   I am proud to represent this area of middle Georgia along with  Congressman Sanford Bishop. Our offices have worked together, along  with many regional community partners, to advance this goal.   By expanding the current Ocmulgee National Monument area from 700  acres to just over 2,000 acres and redesignating the area as a national  historical park, the legislation will provide significant economic,  educational, and cultural benefits to middle Georgia. Additionally,  H.R. 538 will authorize a resources study for future further expansions  and include increased opportunities for hunting, fishing, camping, and  other recreational activities.   The expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument area provides for  critical preservation of additional archaeological locations throughout  the Old Ocmulgee Fields. Because of its significant historical and  archaeological importance, the future Ocmulgee Mounds National  Historical Park must be preserved. The expanded park also will generate  additional tourism in middle Georgia while educating visitors on the  fascinating history of the many civilizations that have thrived in the  region. It should be noted that the property in the proposed expansion  area would be acquired only from willing donors or sellers, using  private funds, and that no Federal dollars will be used to achieve the  expansion.  [[Page H716]]    I want to take this time to thank Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member  Grijalva as well as all members of the House Committee on Natural  Resources for their work to bring this legislation to the floor today.   I want to close by noting that this legislation is a true example of  what can be achieved when a local community, State leaders, and the  Federal Government collaborate toward a worthy goal.   The Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act  was created from the ground up with many letters of support from the  Macon-Bibb area and well over 3,000 comments from individuals and  community groups in support of the expansion. Without this  collaboration at every level, none of this would be possible.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee  Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017.   