 Madam President, I understand the order was for the  distinguished senior Senator from Oregon to be recognized next.   Madam President, I see the distinguished Senator from Oregon on the  floor. I ask unanimous consent that I be recognized for 5 minutes and  then yield to the Senator from Oregon.    Tonight, the Senate will vote on the President's nominee  to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. As I said on  Friday, I do not believe the Senate should rush to confirm such a  critical position, without the opportunity for debate or discussion. We  are having that debate today, and that is why on Friday, I supported a  motion to proceed to this nomination.   Our intelligence agencies have an enormous task ahead. The challenges  they face range from state-sponsored information warfare to countering  violent extremists around the world. Among those who will lead these  efforts will be the next Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.  The importance of the CIA cannot be overstated. Now, perhaps more than  ever, we need a Director who will manage the Agency with the full  confidence of the American people.   This confidence is based not only on a future Director's ability to  comprehend security challenges, but on his or her ability to safeguard  the privacy and civil liberties of all Americans and to uphold and  advance United States leadership in protecting human rights.   I have serious concerns with President Trump's nominee to lead the  CIA. Congressman Pompeo has called for the re-establishment of the bulk  collection of Americans' phone records, and has even argued that the  intelligence community should combine that metadata ``with publicly  available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive,  searchable database.'' He went on to say that ``[l]egal and  bureaucratic impediments to surveillance should be removed.''   But Congress outright rejected the bulk collection of Americans'  records when it passed the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 on an overwhelmingly  bipartisan basis--the very program that Congressman Pompeo said that he  wants to bring back.   During his testimony last week, Congressman Pompeo attempted to  diffuse this and other questions about his more alarming positions by  affirming his appreciation of the supremacy of law. It sounded to me,  like the tried and true confirmation conversion. I appreciate that he  testified that he understands the responsibility of a Director to  uphold the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress.   But I remain deeply concerned that he advocated for such dangerous  measures in the first place. And I am concerned that he will push to  remove ``legal and bureaucratic impediments to surveillance''--just as  he said last year.   We face grave threats from around the world, whether from Russia,  from ISIS, or other adversaries. The Director of the CIA must be  trusted by all Americans to protect us from these threats, but also to  protect our nation's core values.   I don't question Congressman Pompeo's loyalty to our nation. I do  question his stated beliefs that immediate security concerns can be  used as a justification for eroding the fundamental rights of all  Americans. For  [[Page S373]]  these reasons, I cannot support his nomination.   I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Oregon for letting me  take this time.   