 Mr. President, let me thank Senator Van Hollen for his  very perceptive and comprehensive analysis of this budget proposal,  which is designed to give huge tax breaks to people who don't need it  and make terrible cuts to millions of families in this country who are  struggling to keep their heads above water. I thank him very much for  his remarks.   For the past 10 months, my Republican colleagues in the Senate have  tried and failed to slash Medicaid by hundreds of billions of dollars.  Even though the American people have stood up and said ``Don't do it;  Medicaid is just too important,'' they keep coming back and back and  back.   What I want to tell the American people today is, despite the fact  that we were able to prevent cuts to Medicaid in the so-called  Republican healthcare proposals, they are back again in this budget  proposition calling for a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid over the next  decade. Meanwhile, as Senator Van Hollen just pointed out, these cuts  are designed to provide a $1.9 trillion tax break to the top 1 percent.   There may be some people who think it is a good idea to cut  healthcare for working families and give tax breaks to billionaires.  There may be some people, but I don't think there are a lot of people  who think that makes any sense at all. So the amendment I am offering  today, along with Senators Casey and Stabenow--which I believe will be  voted on at 3 p.m.--is very simple and straightforward. It would simply  prevent the Republicans from cutting Medicaid by $1 trillion, and it  would be fully paid for by stopping the Republican effort to give the  wealthiest people in America another tax break.   Plain and simple, this budget resolution is nothing more than a  massive transfer of wealth from working families to the very rich, with  huge tax breaks for billionaires and terrible cutbacks on programs that  working families desperately need.   At a time when the middle class of this country continues to shrink,  when families in the State of Vermont and all across this country are  struggling to make ends meet, struggling to put food on the table, put  gas in the car, pay their electric bill, pay their health insurance,  maybe put away a few bucks to send their kids to college, it would be  highly immoral and bad economic policy to take from these working  families, to take from America's senior citizens, to give even more to  the wealthiest people in this country--people, by the way, who are  already doing phenomenally well.   At a time when 28 million Americans have no health insurance and  millions more are underinsured with high deductibles and high  copayments, at a time when so many of our people cannot afford the  prescription drugs they desperately need, cutting Medicaid by over $1  trillion would throw at least 15 million Americans off of the health  insurance they currently have.   It is beyond my comprehension how anyone with a conscience could  support legislation that throws 15 million people off of the health  insurance they have. Think for a moment about people who are struggling  with cancer, struggling with heart disease, struggling with diabetes,  struggling with life-threatening illnesses, and they have Medicaid.  Medicaid is their lifeline to the healthcare they need.   I hope the Presiding Officer will get up here at some point and tell  the American people what happens to those folks when they lose their  Medicaid. Have you done any studies as to how many people will die? The  truth is, there have been studies that have been done, and the answer  is that thousands and thousands of people every single year will die if  Medicaid is cut for 15 million people who lose their health insurance.   Let me say what happens when you cut Medicaid by over $1 trillion  nationwide over a 10-year period. What it means is that not only will  thousands of our fellow Americans die, it also means that a child with  a severe disability--perhaps with Down syndrome or some other serious  problem--will no longer be able to get the healthcare they need to  adequately function. An estimated 11 million children--or 15 percent of  all kids in the United States--have special healthcare needs. They may  have conditions such as cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, autism, or  one of a host of other serious problems. They may have mental health  needs, such as depression, anxiety, or complications from a premature  birth. Today, Medicaid covers 5 million--or 44 percent--of these  children, providing them with coverage so that many of them can live at  home with their families.   In addition to standard healthcare services, Medicaid helps these  children get special education at school, long-term care, personal  assistance from nurses and attendants, and may cover technology that  helps them thrive. Medicaid may also cover social workers to help  parents of children with special health needs make sense of all the  bureaucratic redtape and get the services they need for their kids.   Medicaid provides these children with quality care. Ninety-two  percent of children enrolled in Medicaid have had a primary care visit  in the past year, which is higher than families with private insurance.  If Medicaid is cut by $1 trillion over a 10-year period, children with  special needs could be left to fend for themselves. What a terrible  thing that is to do to families who are struggling today, to tell them  that you are going to remove the support they get for their child who  has a disability.   It is not just the children who will suffer if this bill is passed.  It is our parents. It is the senior citizens of this country. What  every person should know--and I fear many do not know--is that Medicaid  now pays for over two-thirds of all nursing home care. Let's think  about this for a moment. What happens if there is a $1 trillion dollar  cut over 10 years to Medicaid? What happens to our parents and our  grandparents and people with disabilities in America who have their  nursing home coverage paid for by Medicaid today?   I may be wrong, but I don't recall that there has been one hearing to  hear from groups like the AARP, to hear from senior citizen groups, to  hear from doctors, to hear from nurses, to hear from nursing homes as  to what the implications are of a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid and what  it means to the families in this country who have loved ones in nursing  homes. There may have been a hearing. I don't believe there has been.  My Republican colleagues are going forward with this disastrous cut  without even knowing what the implications are, not having heard from  one expert about what this legislation would mean.   Tragically, all of us know that our country is in the midst of an  opioid  [[Page S6513]]  epidemic, which has hit my State of Vermont very hard, and it is  hitting virtually the entire country. This is quite unbelievable, but  each and every day, more than 90 people die in our country from an  opioid overdose, nearly 4,000 people every day begin abusing  prescription painkillers, and--it is almost unthinkable but true-- almost 600 people start using heroin every single day. How horrible is  that?   Today, Medicaid covers one out of every three Americans who are  addicted to opioids. Opioid treatment is difficult. It is expensive. It  is not always successful, but I dare say there is virtually not one  State in the country--I know my State is trying hard, we do better than  most--that can say they now have the treatment capabilities available  for people who are hooked on opioids or on heroin.   If we cut Medicaid by $1 trillion, there is no question--none  whatsoever--that there will be a massive reduction in the kind of care  available to people who have opioid or heroin addiction.   I find it hard to understand why my Republican colleagues would come  up with legislation that would do so much harm to the working families  of this country with a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid--and some of my  colleagues in a few moments will talk about a proposed $470 billion cut  to Medicare and what that would mean--all to give incredibly large tax  breaks to billionaires like the Walton family, like the Koch brothers,  like the Trump family. I would hope my Republican colleagues understand  that what they are proposing is way out of touch with where the  American people are.   According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, 60 percent of Americans oppose  cutting Medicaid. A recent Wall Street Journal/NBC poll finds that only  12 percent of the American people believe the wealthy should receive a  tax cut. Twelve percent believe the wealthy should receive a tax cut,  while 62 percent believe the wealthy should pay more in taxes. In other  words, what this legislation does is exactly the opposite of what the  American people want.   On the other hand, we must be honest about it and acknowledge that we  have an extremely corrupt campaign finance system. As a result of  Citizens United--that disastrous Supreme Court decision--our campaign  finance system has become even worse than it used to be. You have an  example of where the American people say overwhelmingly: Don't cut  Medicaid. Don't cut Medicare. Don't give tax breaks to the rich. In  fact, ask the wealthy to start paying their fair share of taxes. That  is what the American people are saying in poll after poll.   There is another group--and we have to be honest about that--who do  believe that billionaires should get more tax breaks, and there is a  group that believes we should cut Medicare and Medicaid. Unfortunately,  those are the people who make hundreds of millions of dollars in  campaign contributions to the Republican Party. Those are people like  the Koch brothers and a few of their billionaire friends--a small of  group people, half a dozen, 10 people--who will contribute $3 to $400  million to elect candidates who represent the wealthy and the powerful,  just in this 2-year election cycle--$3 to $400 million.   What this debate is about is not what the American people want. The  American people are pretty clear about it. It is really about what the  billionaire class wants. The billionaire class, despite the fact that  their wealth has increased phenomenally, despite the fact that the top  one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90  percent, that is not good enough. The Koch brothers are only worth $90  billion. How are you going to get by on $90 billion? How do you take  care of the kids? How do you put gas in the car? Only $90 billion. They  need more.   If this legislation goes through and if the estate tax is passed--and  I know people think I am not telling the truth because it is so  unbelievable that anyone would propose this, but I am telling the  truth--the Walton family, the wealthiest family in America, worth well  over $100 billion, could get up to a $50 billion tax break. The Koch  brothers, the second wealthiest family, worth over $90 billion, their  family, their heirs will get over a $30 billion tax break. So from  their perspective, putting a few hundred million dollars to help elect  some Republicans is pocket change if your family is going to get a $30  billion tax break.   Let me just say, the legislation brought forth is really quite  preposterous. It is based on a trickle-down economic theory of giving  tax breaks to billionaires and corporations and seeing all kinds of new  jobs being created. It is a theory that is fraudulent, doesn't work,  hasn't worked, but it is legislation--legislation we are dealing with  here--that does work very well for the billionaire class of America.   I have the radical idea--I know it is a radical idea--that maybe,  just maybe the U.S. Senate should pay attention to the needs of the  middle class, the working class, and lower income people in this  country, the vast majority people, and not just a handful of  billionaires.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warren and  Senator Bennet be added as cosponsors to my amendment to restore the $1  trillion in cuts to Medicaid, amendment No. 1119.    With that, I yield the floor to my colleague from  Pennsylvania Senator Casey.    Mr. President, the amendment from the Senator from Utah  speaks about ``strengthening and improving'' Medicaid and Medicare. We  don't strengthen and improve Medicaid by cutting it by $1 trillion, and  we don't strengthen and improve Medicare by cutting it by $469 billion.  That is Orwellian language.   We should vote down this amendment and adopt the Sanders amendment  which says: Let us give no tax breaks to billionaires while we cut  Medicaid.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Cantwell be added as a cosponsor to amendment No. 1119 and that Senator  Stabenow be added as a cosponsor to amendment No. 1120.    Mr. President, this amendment says no to the cutting of  $1 trillion from Medicaid and forcing 15 million Americans off the  health insurance they currently have, while at the same time providing  a $1.9 trillion tax break to the top 1 percent. This is not what the  American people want; it is what the billionaire class wants. I make  the radical suggestion that maybe we listen to ordinary Americans and  not just wealthy campaign contributors.    Mr. President, if we support children and we have the  highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth, we  will vote against this budget resolution, but I have no problems with  Senator Heller's amendment.   What I do want to do is spend a moment on the amendment that will  come up next, and that is that it would establish a 60-vote budget  point of order to prevent the top 1 percent of Americans--people who  are doing phenomenally well--from receiving any future tax cuts. It is  not a radical idea to suggest that at a time of massive income and  wealth inequality, when the people on top are doing unbelievably well,  at a time when the middle class is shrinking, now is not the time to  provide hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the very  wealthiest families in this country.   Under the Republican proposal with the repeal of the estate tax, the  Walton family--wealthiest family in America--would get up to a $50  billion tax break. Does anybody think that is vaguely sane? The Koch  brothers, who have enough money to spend hundreds of millions of  dollars electing rightwing candidates, will get a $30 billion tax  break.   I think the American people have been very clear, in poll after poll,  saying not only do they not want to give tax breaks to billionaires but  they correctly believe the wealthiest people in this country should  start paying their fair share of taxes.   Today the United States has more income and wealth inequality than at  any time since the 1920s. Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns  almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. Twenty people in  America own as much wealth as the bottom half of our country.   According to a recent study by the Federal Reserve, the top 1 percent  now own 39 percent of the Nation's wealth while the bottom 60 percent  own just 3 percent. Since the Wall Street crash a decade ago, 52  percent of all new income has gone to the top 1 percent. If there was  ever a time in American history not to be cutting Medicaid and Medicare  and giving huge tax breaks to the 1 percent, this is that moment.   I ask support for this amendment.   I think Senator Wyden wanted to say a word.    Mr. President, this is a very simple and straightforward  amendment. It would establish a 60-vote budget point of order to  prevent the top 1 percent of Americans, people who are doing  phenomenally well, from receiving any future tax cuts.   At a time of massive income and wealth inequality in this country,  when the very rich are becoming richer while most Americans are seeing  a decline in their standard of living, this is not the time to give tax  breaks to people who don't need them.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the Sanders-Wyden amendment.    Pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act  of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of that act for purposes of  the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.   