 Mr. Chair, H.R. 26, the ``Regulations from the Executive  in Need of  [[Page H132]]  Scrutiny Act of 2017,'' otherwise known as the REINS Act, would amend  the Congressional Review Act to require that both Houses of Congress  pass and the President sign a joint resolution of approval within 70  legislative days before any major rule issued by an agency can take  effect.   Simply put, H.R. 26 would impose unworkable deadlines for the  enactment of a major rule under procedures that could charitably be  referred to as convoluted.   Under this bill, the House may only consider a resolution for a major  rule on the second and fourth Thursday of each month. Keep in mind that  typically 80 major rules are promulgated annually. Yet, there may be as  little as just 15 days available to consider such measures based on the  majority's legislative calendar for the current year.   Furthermore, Congress may only consider such resolutions within 70  legislative days of receiving a major rule. This process would  constructively end rulemaking as we know it.   Now, Mr. Chair, the reason why my friends on the other side of the  aisle say we need this kind of gumming-the-works legislation--is  because they claim regulations stifle economic growth.   For example, they point to the outgoing administration and say that  regulations promulgated during its tenure have hurt our Nation's  economy.   What they fail to tell the American people is that it was the  Republican George Bush's administration's economic policies that caused  the Great Recession.   Without question, it was the lack of regulatory controls that  facilitated rampant predatory lending, which nearly destroyed our  Nation's economy.   It led to millions of home foreclosures and devastated neighborhoods  across America. In fact, it nearly caused a global economic meltdown.   Nevertheless, as a consequence of strong regulatory policies  implemented by President Obama through such measures as the Dodd-Frank  Act, our Nation has recovered to a point where the unemployment has  been cut nearly in half to less than 5 percent.   Yet, the REINS Act would reverse these gains by empowering Congress  to control and override the rulemaking process, even in the absence of  any substantive expertise.   More than 80 of the Nation's leading professors on environmental and  administrative law have warned in connection with substantively  identical legislation considered in the last Congress, that without  this expertise, any congressional disapproval is more likely to reflect  the political power of special interests.   Lastly, by upending the process for agency rulemaking so that  Congress can simply void major rules through inaction, the REINS Act  likely violates the presentment and bicameralism requirements of  Article I of the Constitution.   As a leading expert on administrative law states: ``The reality is  that the act is intended to enable a single House of Congress to  control the implementation of the laws through the rulemaking process.  Such a scheme transgresses the very idea of separation of powers, under  which the Constitution entrusts the writing of the laws to the  legislative branch and the implementation of the laws to the executive  branch.''   The REINS Act will further encourage corporate giants to hold our  country hostage through a deregulatory, profits-first agenda and  facilitate a political influence process rivaling the destructive  industrial monopolies from the past century.   In sum, H.R. 26, like the ``Midnight Rules Relief Act'' we considered  yesterday on the House floor, is yet another blatant gift to big  business to weaken the critical regulatory protections that ensure the  safety of the air we breathe, the cars we drive, the toys we give our  children, and the food we eat.   Accordingly, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this ill- conceived bill.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt from H.R. 26,  the REINS Act, rules issued to reduce the amount of lead in public  drinking water.   The ingestion of lead, of course, causes serious harmful effects on  human health, even at low exposure levels. That is why the  Environmental Protection Agency has set the maximum contaminant level  for this toxic metal in drinking water at zero.   According to the EPA, young children, infants, and fetuses are  particularly vulnerable to lead because the physical and behavioral  effects of lead occur at lower exposure levels in children than in  adults. The Agency reports that, in children, low levels of exposure  have been linked to damage to the central and peripheral nervous  systems, learning disabilities, shorter stature, impaired hearing, and  the impaired formation and function of blood cells.   Take, for example, the Flint water crisis, which I have a little  experience with, which was a preventable public health disaster. While  much blame for the Flint water crisis lies with unelected officials who  prioritize saving money over saving lives, the presence of lead in  drinking water is, unfortunately, not unique to Flint. In fact, the  drinking water of, potentially, millions of Americans may be  contaminated by lead.   My amendment highlights one of the most problematic aspects of H.R.  26: that it could slow down or completely block urgent rulemakings that  protect health and safety. This is because Members simply lack the  requisite scientific or technical knowledge to independently assess the  bona fides of most regulations, which are often the product of  extensive research and analysis by agencies as well as input from  effective entities and the public.   As a result, Members would have to make their own determinations  based on their own--usually inexpert--views and limited information.  Worse yet, some may be persuaded to disapprove of a rule in response to  a wide-ranging influence exerted by outside special interests that  favor profits over safety.   My amendment simply preserves current law with respect to regulations  that are designed to prevent the contamination of drinking water by  lead. Accordingly, I sincerely urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson), a member of the  Judiciary Committee.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   