 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding  me the time, and I want to thank him for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, the amendment that you mentioned, the bill as amended,  was actually an amendment from the chairman to perfect the bill. I want  to thank the ranking member for her support on the committee, and I  want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Brownley) for her  work on the amendment.   Madam Speaker, I wish more high schoolers were in the Capitol today,  I wish there were more American Government students in the Capitol  today, because this amendment is exactly the way that the American  people expect the process to work.   As the ranking member pointed out, we made a great step in the FAST  Act to try to put more veterans to work, to try to fill more empty  spots in commercial truck driving. We did a great job together in a  bipartisan way.   A lot of folks do a job, and then they are embarrassed to admit that  they didn't get it done 100 percent. We have had folks come into our  offices who said: Listen, you have made a great step to help our  veterans access these certifications, but you could do more, and let us  tell you how.    As the ranking member pointed out, as the chairman pointed out,  before the FMCSA has even finished the original regulations, we are  back at work perfecting this, adding more healthcare providers to the  rolls so that more veterans can get to work faster--not because we are  particularly brilliant folks up here, but because folks who do this  every single day as a job back home noticed it, told us how we could do  it better, and then we created the partnerships up here to make it  happen.   Madam Speaker, it makes me so proud to be associated with folks like  the chairman, like the ranking member, the Transportation Committee in  general, showing up every single day to see what we can do to make a  difference. It is not a difference for 300 million Americans at the  time, but if you were that one veteran who is trying to feed your  family, who is trying to get your certification, who is trying to get  yourself back to work, this bill could make all the difference; this  amendment could make all the difference. I am grateful to the entire  committee team of members and team of staff for making that possible.   