 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in support of the  nomination and the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S.  Supreme Court. I do so with mixed emotions because I believe that the  actions taken in order to achieve this position will have lasting  effects that are unfortunate on this body as far as comity is  concerned, but also the confirmation of future judges of the Supreme  Court by 51 votes. Rather than go back through the history of what  former Majority Leader Reid did in regard to judges and what we are  doing now, I am very concerned about the future which will then, with  only a 51-vote majority required, lead to polarization of the nominees  as far as their philosophies are concerned when the majority does not  have to consider the concerns and the votes of the minority.   With my focus on Democrats' unprecedented filibuster of Judge  Gorsuch's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court and the Senate's  regrettable action yesterday to invoke the nuclear option on Supreme  Court nominees, I have been remiss in not taking the time to describe  for the American people why I support strongly and without  qualification confirming Judge Gorsuch to serve as an Associate Justice  of the U.S. Supreme Court.   Why I do so is very simple. Rarely has this body seen a nominee to  the Supreme Court so well qualified, so skilled, with such command of  constitutional jurisprudence, with such an established record of  independence and such judicial temperament as Judge Gorsuch. It is, in  fact, exactly for these very reasons that this very body unanimously  voted in 2006 to confirm this very judge--this same judge--to the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Yet, now, the other side would  have the American people believe that this very same judge lies firmly  outside the mainstream and is, therefore, otherwise unacceptable to  serve in the Nation's highest Court. Even by the standards of this  body, this sophistry is breathtaking.   Let me take a moment to join the chorus of support of my colleagues  and recount why Judge Gorsuch is so deserving of this body's support  for confirmation to the Supreme Court.   First and foremost, Judge Gorsuch is a world-class judge. On the U.S.  Appellate Court for the Tenth Circuit, Judge Gorsuch has maintained the  lowest rating of other judges dissenting from his opinion. Indeed,  according to the Congressional Research Service, only 1.5 percent of  Judge Gorsuch's majority opinions were accompanied by a dissent--the  lowest of any judge in that study. Notably, the U.S. Supreme Court has  never overruled any of Judge Gorsuch's opinions--not a single one.  Furthermore, in the more than 2,700 cases Judge Gorsuch participated  in, 97 percent of them were decided unanimously, and Judge Gorsuch was  in the majority 99 percent of the time. These are facts. In addition,  the U.S. Supreme Court overruled an opinion where Judge Gorsuch sat on  a panel only one time.   While serving on that court, Judge Gorsuch built an exceptional  reputation for his fair-minded, articulate, and sharp intellect.  Stanford Professor Michael McConnell, who served with Judge Gorsuch on  the Tenth Circuit, characterized Judge Gorsuch as ``an independent  thinker, never a party liner'' and ``one of the best writers in the  judiciary today. . . . [H]e sets forth all positions fairly and gives  real reasons--not just conclusions--for siding with one and rejecting  the other.''   Second, Judge Gorsuch has one of the most impressive professional and  academic backgrounds this body has ever seen. He graduated from  Columbia cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa and cum laude from Harvard Law  School. He also obtained a doctorate degree in philosophy from Oxford  University and served as a Truman and Marshall Scholar. Additionally,  he served for U.S. Circuit Court Judge David Sentelle, Supreme Court  Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. Judge Gorsuch also served as  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General at the Department of  Justice before serving as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Tenth Circuit.   For all of these achievements, Judge Gorsuch has earned the highest  possible rating from a group Minority Leader Schumer calls the ``gold  standard'' for evaluating judicial nominations.   Finally, Judge Gorsuch has established himself as an exceptional  nominee. Indeed, Judge Gorsuch's appearance before the Senate Judiciary  Committee was extraordinary. In the course of the three rounds of  questioning by that committee, each Member had the opportunity to quiz  Judge Gorsuch for over an hour each on just about every aspect of  constitutional law. In answering about 1,200 questions from the panel,  he demonstrated almost peerless mastery over that field.   Furthermore, Judge Gorsuch's nomination, with the help of my friend  and former member of this body Kelly Ayotte, was exemplary in its  transparency. Before his hearing, and in response to the Judiciary  Committee's requests, Judge Gorsuch provided over 70 pages of written  answers about his personal record and over 75,000 pages of documents,  including speeches, case briefs, and opinions--which, by the way, makes  you wonder why he wanted the job. Anyway, White House archives and the  Department of Justice similarly produced over 180,000 pages of  documents related to Judge Gorsuch's time at the DOJ. The Department of  Justice, moreover, provided access to reams of documents that would  ordinarily be subject to claims of privilege. However, in the spirit of  cooperation and in the hope of truly bipartisan consideration, the  Department of Justice provided my friends on the other side access to  these records anyway.   Additionally, in response to almost 300 separate questions posed by  Democrats on the committee, Judge Gorsuch provided another 70 pages of  written responses, and did so within a week of receiving them, to give  my friends sufficient time to review the answers before the committee  voted for consideration of his nomination.   Despite all of that I just said--despite everything that I just said,  my friends on the other side would have the American people believe  that Judge Gorsuch lies firmly out of the mainstream and hopelessly  obfuscated his judicial philosophy.   My friends, when you do that with an individual that qualified, you  lose credibility.   For all of the reasons I just went through, that is simply untrue.  Moreover, when many of my friends on the other side had the opportunity  to question Judge Gorsuch over the 20 hours they had with him during  his confirmation hearing, they contented themselves with asking Judge  Gorsuch for his personal opinions on issues that could come before him  if he is confirmed to the Court. In addition, they passed hypotheticals  they knew he, for ethical and prudential reasons, could not possibly be  expected to answer.   Here is some straight talk. The real reason most of my friends on the  other side opposed Judge Gorsuch's confirmation is that President Trump  nominated him--because their base of support and related special  interests on the far left have been upset about President Trump's  election in November. The fact is that if most of my friends on the  other side of the aisle are opposed to this nominee, they will oppose  any nominee put forward by this President, or any Republican President,  for that matter.   The record is clear. Judge Gorsuch's qualifications, knowledge,  skill, judicial temperament, and record of independence are truly  exceptional. For these reasons, he has earned my strong and unqualified  support for his confirmation to the Nation's highest Court.   Could I just make one additional comment, and I know my friend from  Utah is waiting. When President Obama and Presidents before him were  elected from both parties, it was pretty much the standard procedure  here in the U.S. Senate to give the incoming President the benefit of  the doubt. In other words, the American people, by electing a President  of the United States, had also basically endorsed his responsibility  and his right to nominate judges to the courts. That is just  [[Page S2439]]  sort of a given, because the American people spoke in their selection  of the President of the United States, taking into consideration those  responsibilities the President would have. So, therefore, for those  reasons, I voted for most of President Obama's nominees, as I did most  of President Clinton's nominees. Now we are in a position where we are  so polarized that even a man of the qualifications of Judge Gorsuch is  now opposed by our friends on the other side of the aisle.    I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, and I say to my  friends on this side of the aisle: That is not the way the Senate was  designed to work. The Senate was designed for us to communicate, for us  to work together, for us to understand the results and repercussions of  a free and fair election. It is about time we sat down together and  tried to do some things for the American people in a bipartisan  fashion. This near-hysterical opposition that I see from my friends on  the other side of the aisle does not bode well for what we know we need  to do.   Madam President, I recognize the presence of the distinguished  Senator from Utah, and I say ``distinguished'' because both he and I  are of advanced age.   I yield the floor.   