 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I want to make a few brief remarks  regarding the introduction of the Security, Enforcement, and Compassion  United in Reform Efforts, and we have selected the acronym SECURE for  this piece of legislation we are introducing today. This bill promotes  and protects the interests of the American people in a lawful  immigration system and provides a fair and equitable solution on  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, and everyone in the Senate  knows that by the acronym DACA. It is the product of several months of  hard work between this Senator and Senators Cornyn, Graham, Tillis,  Lankford, Perdue, and Cotton. I think, before the day is out and the  Senate closes down, you will hear from almost all of those folks on  their approach to this legislation and their support for it.   Before I discuss what the bill does, I want to explain the process we  used to reach this point. On September 5, 2017, Attorney General  Sessions announced that President Trump had decided to rescind former  President Obama's unlawful Executive amnesty program. Because almost  700,000 young people relied on President Obama's false promise, the  Trump administration called upon Congress to do what the President  doesn't have the legal authority to do and to find the only real type  of long-term solution to this issue. Obviously, we are here because  that is a legislative solution and not something the executive branch  thinks up and tries to put in place.   Starting in September, I have held multiple meetings with Senators  Cornyn, Graham, Tillis, Lankford, Perdue, and Cotton to determine how  best to fix DACA. Our aim was to find a solution that not only is fair  for DACA recipients but also promotes the interests of the American  people. The immigration policies of the previous administration carried  consequences that weren't always in our best interest. For example,  President Obama allowed thousands of people to illegally cross our  borders and to stay in our country, including dangerous gang members,  sex offenders, and violent criminals. So robust border security is  crucial to bring integrity back to our Nation's immigration  enforcement.   The enforcement policies of the previous administration enabled  dangerous, unauthorized criminals, individuals like Kate Steinle's  killer, to have free rein in our country, risking the safety of  innocent Americans. The  [[Page S7835]]  flagrant disregard of so-called sanctuary jurisdictions unfairly takes  tax dollars from hard-working Americans, only to ignore the rule of law  and their own people's public safety.   In crafting our bill, we also considered the inherent unfairness in  our Nation's immigration court and asylum adjudication systems and how  hundreds of thousands of aliens wait in backlogs for years at a time.  That is wrong. It hurts the people who are stuck in the backlog, and it  is unfair to ask the American people and legal immigrants to bear the  burden of supporting these people while they wait.   Finally, thanks to the leadership of Senators Graham, Perdue, and  Cotton, we discussed in our small group of Senators the need for a  merit-based immigration system, one where we bring people to this  country based on what they can contribute and not simply because they  have some attenuated family relationship to a legal immigrant who is  already here.   So after having these discussions and after meeting with the  President to get his input and his support, we have come up with a  plan. This plan is fair to all parties. It is pro-American, and it is a  solution to DACA.   Our plan, as I said, which goes by an acronym, the SECURE Act of  2017, provides a solution to all of the issues we discussed. First,  building off of the hard work and leadership of Senator Cornyn, we are  putting days of porous, uncontrolled borders behind us. We are doing  this by mandating the construction of tactical and technological  infrastructure at the border. We are also beefing up our law  enforcement and judicial resources, and we are putting more boots on  the ground in the border States so that we can better apprehend and  prosecute those who enter our country illegally.   Our plan takes meaningful steps to end the lawlessness and tragedies  at the hands of dangerous criminal aliens throughout our country. We do  this by cracking down on sanctuary cities, ending the misguided catch- and-release policies of the previous administration, and finally taking  real steps to address intentional visa overstays.   In recognition of the many Americans who have lost their lives to  criminal aliens, we included Kate's law, named after the person  murdered by a criminal felon who came back into our country five  times--Kate Steinle. So it is Kate's law. This legislation enhances  penalties for repeat illegal border crossers and expands the  inaccessibility and expedited removal of terrorists, gang members,  aggravated felons, and drunk drivers. We also provide a fix to the  disastrous Zadvydas decision so that the government doesn't keep  releasing dangerous criminals onto our streets just because of the  refusal of their home countries to take responsibility.   Our bill takes steps to eliminate many of the ``pull'' factors that  encourage people to immigrate illegally. We do this by permanently  authorizing the E-Verify Program and providing immunity and other  incentives to encourage small businesses to participate in that E- Verify Program. We also take meaningful steps to reduce immigration  court and asylum adjudication backlogs by hiring more judges and  personnel, limiting the number of continuances an immigrant can  receive, and imposing new safeguards to combat well-documented fraud  and abuse.   Again, thanks to the leadership and advocacy of Senators Graham,  Perdue, and Cotton, our bill eliminates the phenomenon known as chain  migration. From the day this bill becomes law, immigrants will be able  to bring only their spouses and minor children into the country. This  bipartisan, pro-American worker reform, which the President strongly  supports, is an important first step toward creating the merit-based,  economically productive immigration system that both Democrats and  Republicans want.   Finally and most importantly, we provide a bipartisan solution to  protect undocumented young people brought to the United States as  children by adopting a bill that goes by the acronym BRIDGE, Bar  Removal of Individuals who Dream and Grow our Economy. Senator Durbin  called the BRIDGE Act ``an opportunity for supporters and critics of  DACA to come together and address a compelling humanitarian issue on a  bipartisan basis.''   We agree with Senator Durbin. The BRIDGE Act is supported by Senators  Graham, Durbin, Gillibrand, Heller, Murkowski, Feinstein, Nelson,  Flake, Schumer, and Harris. It would provide relief from deportation  and work authorization to DACA recipients, allowing them to continue to  fulfill their dreams, and they will continue to contribute to our  economy.   As you can see, Mr. President, our plan has fair, bipartisan, and  serious provisions. By listening to colleagues and adopting solutions  that both sides can agree on, we are providing a real solution to the  immigration issues our country is facing. Our plan protects the DACA  kids, it cracks down on criminal illegal aliens, and it provides real  long-term reforms to our Nation's immigration system that benefit the  American people. It does so through the proper legislative process, in  other words, by a constitutional way--unlike a previous President tried  to do this--providing greater certainty for Americans and immigrants  alike.    Importantly, it is also supported by the President. That is all the  more reason to pass this bill and fulfill our promises to the American  people and the DACA recipients.   Again, I want to thank the hard work of Senators Cornyn, Graham,  Tillis, Lankford, Perdue, and Cotton, and their staffs, especially, in  developing the solution. I am looking forward to considering this  measure in the new year and seeing President Trump sign it into law, as  he asked us to do.   I see that two of my colleagues, Senator Lankford and Senator Tillis,  are here. I am giving up the floor, if you would like to speak.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.   