 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, Scott Pruitt, Mike Flynn, Betsy DeVos-- there is a pattern here. This administration keeps choosing people who  seem like the wrong fit to run their agency, and now we are about to  add Jay Clayton to the list.   He is different in a lot of ways. I met with him. He is a good  person. He is a sensible person desiring to be a public servant, and he  is a very smart lawyer. But he is not the right candidate to lead the  SEC because it is on the frontlines of making sure that Wall Street  follows the rules. And that is the No. 1 issue here because Mr. Clayton  has too many ties to the industry that he would be in charge of  overseeing.   Wall Street is full of his friends and business contacts, and there  is nothing wrong with that, generally. We need lawyers in the  securities industry. We need honorable people who help companies to do  an IPO, but that doesn't mean that individual is appropriate to be in  charge of the SEC and in charge of reining in Wall Street. That causes  the problem.   I do not question Mr. Clayton's integrity. I have no doubt that he is  a good person. But how can we say that the best person to hold Wall  Street in check is someone with strong ties to the big banks, someone  who has built his career there, who very well may go back to his old  law firm in a few years?   I talked with Mr. Clayton at his confirmation hearing about whether  he would go back to Wall Street after his time at the SEC ended, and he  said he couldn't rule it out. That is just one of several concerns that  I have. If we look at Mr. Clayton's statements about the SEC, it is  clear that he is not the right person to be the cop on the Wall Street  beat.   He has talked about ``monitoring'' the financial sector; that is the  word he used--``monitoring.'' But the United States does not need  someone to ``monitor'' Wall Street. We need someone who will  aggressively enforce the rules, to make sure we don't have a repeat of  2008, when the big banks made so many bad and reckless decisions that  our economy failed.   We have a very short memory in Washington about what happened to our  country less than 10 years ago, but the rest of the country remembers.  There are far too many communities still working to recover from the  great recession.   Now is not the time to walk back the small steps toward progress we  have made in protecting the economy from bad actors on Wall Street. But  I am afraid this is what could happen under this administration,  including if Mr. Clayton should be confirmed.   In his confirmation hearing, he said he wants to lighten the  penalties companies face when they get into trouble with the SEC, and  that is not something I can support. We cannot expect big banks and  investment firms to play by the rules when they know they can pay a  small fine and keep behaving badly as a cost of doing business.  Regulation and enforcement has a cost, but that cost is meant to put  the burden on the actors who are causing the problem  [[Page S2676]]  instead of allowing the burden to fall on the rest of us--to fall on  American families.   The cost is there, one way or the other. The question is, Who should  pay it?   Even if the Senate disagrees on enforcement and regulation, I hope we  can agree that conflicts of interest have gone too far. This  administration has diminished the meaning of public service in the  context of conflicts of interest. Instead of looking out for conflicts  of interest, it has leaned into them. Instead of protecting the country  from corruption, it is putting our country in real danger. And at some  point, it is up to the Senate to be a Senate--to do something. We have  to decide where to draw the line. How long do we let this go on?   I am a ``no'' on Mr. Clayton's nomination. I urge all Senators who  care about ending conflicts of interest and putting a tough cop on the  Wall Street beat to join me and vote no on this nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Idaho.   