 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, the  Bonuses  [[Page H7950]]  for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017. I wish to thank the gentleman from  Oklahoma and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia.   Mr. Speaker, what we see today in my bill is what I think the  American people want, Republicans and Democrats working together with  good, commonsense legislation that makes sense and saves the American  taxpayer's money.   Let's face it: whether we are a family or a business, we have to  manage our money in the private sector; and the Federal Government, for  far too long, has been guilty of spending waste, fraud, and abuse.  There have been so many problems, and the American people know it.   When we go home and we talk with our constituents, they want us to be  very good stewards of their money, and they deserve that. That is  exactly what this bill does, and it does it in a way that does a lot of  different things that I think is great.   First of all, as my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have said,  it incentivizes Federal employees to detect waste. We all know that  government has a tendency, when they have a pool of money, to spend it,  whether they need it or not. So if a Federal employee can go in there,  find this problem out, tell the agency head, he or she now can get up  to $20,000 of incentive pay. So we have incentivized fiscal  responsibility in the Federal Government. That is great, and that is  just good government.   In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, we look at the United States  Constitution, and that is a document that our Founding Fathers gave us  and is so important. Why is that so important with this bill? Because  when that agency head goes to the President of the United States with  this recommendation, the President of the United States has to come  where? Back to the Congress, where he should have to come.   When Congress looks at that recommendation from the President,  Congress then can make the final determination. So we have fiscal  responsibility, we have constitutional sanctity, and we have good  government.   Most of all, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle. We have Republicans and Democrats working together, the way the  American people want us to do, to be fiscally responsible.   Mr. Speaker, I urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass  this good government bill.   