 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor today as part of  my office's Expression NOT Oppression initiative, which highlights  human rights abuses around the world and the plight of individuals  imprisoned or oppressed for simply exercising their God-given rights.   Earlier this month, we observed World Press Freedom Day, which serves  as a reminder that freedom of expression is a fundamental, universal  human right and that a free press is vital to a free society.   We should never take for granted the freedom of the press we enjoy  here in the United States. These rights are an integral part of the  bedrock of any healthy democracy, and in too many parts of the world,  they are nonexistent or under assault.   According to Reporters Without Borders' 2017 World Press Freedom  Index, press freedom is threatened now more than ever. Governments  around the world continue to crack down on their citizens' access to  information. Out of 180 countries, Burundi dropped from 156 to 160.  Most problematic for press freedom, Egypt dropped from 159 to 161, and  Bahrain dropped from 162 to 164.   Additionally, Reporters Without Borders has reported that at least  nine journalists have been killed already in 2017. Several were killed  in Mexico, here in our own hemisphere. It is hard to believe that  people are being thrown in jail or worse simply because government  officials don't like what they write or publish, but that is what is  happening, especially in countries like China, Russia, Iran, and Saudi  Arabia, just to name a few.   The case I come to the floor today to highlight is that of Huang Qi,  who has long been targeted by the Chinese Government because of his  advocacy for the rights of ordinary citizens and his coverage of the  Chinese Government's violation of those rights. In November of last  year, the police reportedly burst into his residence and ransacked his  home and took him to detention. In December of last year, Chinese  prosecutors authorized Huang's arrest for allegedly ``illegally  providing state secrets overseas,'' a charge that can result in a  sentence of life imprisonment. The Committee to Protect Journalists  described his detention as part of ``an intensified crackdown on online  journalists and bloggers who report on protests and human rights  abuses.''   Huang founded the 64 Tianwang human rights website in 1998. The  Chinese Government has blocked access to 64 Tianwang since 2003,  according to Radio Free Asia, because the site covers issues deemed  politically sensitive by authorities, such as protests and government  corruption.   Authorities previously sentenced Huang to 3 years in prison in  November 2009 for ``illegal possession of state secrets''--this in  connection with his work assisting parents who lost children during the  2008 Sichuan earthquake. In addition, Chinese authorities sentenced  Huang to 5 years in prison in 2000 for ``subversion'' for his advocacy  on behalf of the families of the 1989 Tiananmen protest victims--a  solemn anniversary we will mark next month.   In short, Huang, a veteran activist, is no stranger to the Chinese  Government's silencing of dissent. His life's work is a testament to  fearless reporting regardless of what consequences may follow. While  his own government views him as a threat, outside of China, his work is  widely praised and recognized. Reporters Without Borders awarded the  2016 Press Freedom Award to his website. His case has been championed  by Human Rights Watch, Freedom House, and others, including the  Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which I am proud to chair.  His case is featured in the Commission's Political Prisoner Database,  which presently contains more than 1,400 active prisoner records--a  staggering but far from exhaustive number.   Huang is committed to reporting the facts--facts that describe the  daily struggles of Chinese citizens. For this, he has suffered greatly,  including reported torture and mistreatment in detention, unjust  imprisonment, and deprivation of his most basic rights.   The Chinese Government should immediately and unconditionally release  him. The United States should make this case and the cases of many  others like him languishing unjustly behind bars in China or tortured  into ``confessing'' to ``crimes'' they did not commit, priorities--we  should make these priorities in our bilateral engagement with Beijing.   It is the second point--the torture and mistreatment of rights  defenders--that brings to mind another troubling case, that of  prominent rights lawyer Xie Yang. His wife, who recently arrived in the  United States with her two young children, will testify before the  House Foreign Affairs Committee later this week. Xie has bravely taken  on sensitive cases, including land grab victims and advocates for  democratic reform. Chinese security agents detained him as part of the  709 Crackdown--a sweeping, nationwide campaign against Chinese rights  lawyers and advocates that started on July 9, 2015.   The plight of 45-year-old Mr. Xie burst onto the international scene  in January 2017 when his attorneys released transcripts of their  meetings with him. The transcripts recount the threats of his  inquisitors. They said: ``We'll torture you to death just like an  ant.'' Another warned: ``I'm going to torment you until you go  insane.'' He told his lawyers: ``I wanted to end their interrogation of  me as quickly as I could, even if it meant death. . . . Later, I wrote  down whatever they wanted.'' As if foreshadowing the fate that awaited  him, he had earlier written a letter in detention in which he  cautioned, ``If one day in the future I admit guilt . . . that will not  be a true expression of my thoughts.''   Fast-forward to last week. He was charged with ``inciting subversion  of state power and disrupting court order'' and pled guilty in a  recorded video released by the court and widely reported in major media  outlets. He said: ``I want to take this opportunity to express to other  rights lawyers my view now that we should give up using contact with  foreign media and independent media to hype sensitive news events,  attack judicial institutions and smear the image of the nation's party  organs while handling cases. . . . `'   He continued in that same coerced statement: ``Everyone should take  me as a warning to certainly stay within the framework of the law and  avoid being exploited by Western anti-China forces.''   Yet, despite these warnings and the Chinese Government's unyielding  assault on human rights, there are still men and women committed to  reporting on the government's abuses and steadfast in defending the  powerless and the marginalized. Their courage is an inspiration, and it  must summon our solidarity.   I look forward to the day when the Chinese Government upholds rather  than tramples the rights of its own citizens, abides by the rule of law  at home, and respects the international rules-based system globally.  However, that day has not yet arrived. Until it does, we must signal to  the Chinese people that whatever our broader diplomatic and strategic  aims may be as it relates to North Korea or any other issue, America is  under no illusions about the iron-fisted leadership of President Xi and  his utter disregard for the rights and dignity of his own people.   As President Trump continues fulfilling his duty and appointing  individuals to key positions, I will keep raising these issues with  each and every relevant nominee whom I meet with  [[Page S2961]]  both privately, as I did with Governor Branstad, and publicly, as I did  during his confirmation hearing. It is critical that the United States  keep human rights for all people as a core pillar of our foreign  policy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   