 Mr. President, tonight is a momentous evening, but it is  also a sad evening. It is a momentous evening because the Senate is on  the verge of passing historic tax cuts that are designed to bring back  jobs and economic growth, to create millions of new jobs, to raise  wages, and to cut the taxes on working families, but it is a sad day  because it is a day of a demonstration of Democratic partisanship that  is ill-befitting for the institution that is the U.S. Senate.   For two centuries, tax reform has been a bipartisan endeavor. For two  centuries, Democrats have been willing to work with Republicans on  cutting taxes.   In 1981 and in 1986, when Ronald Reagan enacted historic tax reforms  and tax cuts, Democrats participated. Indeed, a Democrat, Tip O'Neill,  was Speaker of the House. In the House, then a conservative Democrat,  Bill Graham, carried the Ronald Reagan tax cuts. In the Senate, in  1986, one of the leaders was then a liberal Democrat, Bill Bradley,  from New Jersey.   Those Democrats, the so-called conservative Democrats, the Democrats  interested in cutting taxes on working men and women have disappeared  from this institution.   When the House first passed tax cuts, zero Democrats voted for it-- zero--not a single Democrat in the entire body. When the Senate passed  tax cuts, zero Democrats passed it. We can expect tonight not a single  Democrat will break from party discipline. Why? Because they are so  united in their rage at President Trump that they are willing to tell  middle-class voters in their State: We don't care.   Tonight every Democrat is going to vote against doubling the child  tax credit. If you are a single mom at home and you have three kids,  right now the child tax credit is $1,000. In just a couple of weeks, it  is going to double to $2,000 per kid, which means $6,000 in tax credit  in your pocket, and every single Democrat in this body is going to say  to the single moms: Tough luck. We aren't cutting your taxes. What a  sad statement.   We have seen floor speech after floor speech after floor speech where  Democrats claim this tax cut is going to raise your taxes. There used  to be a standard for veracity in this body, but the beautiful thing is,  when one political party makes representations to the American people  that aren't just a little bit wrong but are wildly outright falsehoods,  that tends to become public.   The beautiful thing is in January the American people are going to  see. So I am going to encourage the American people, in January, take a  look at your pay stubs. The Democrats are claiming wildly, falsely that  somehow your taxes are going to go up. Let me tell you, for virtually  every American taxpayer in this country, your taxes will go down.   In the Old Testament, when someone came forward and claimed he was a  prophet, the test the Old Testament provided is, if you claimed you  were a prophet, the people were to demand, make a short-term  prediction, and let's see if it comes true. Well, the Democrats have  made a short-term prediction. They told the American people: Your taxes  are going to go up. In January, take a look at it. I guarantee you, for  that single mom, when you look at the child tax credit, your taxes are  going down.   Every single income tax bracket is going down. Not only that, the  standard deduction that you could take is doubling for a couple from  $12,000 to $24,000. The first $24,000 you make, you pay zero, nothing,  nada. Yet the Democrats, with their friends, their compliant friends in  the media, have succeeded in scaring people to think a historic tax cut  is somehow a tax increase.   The beauty of it is, for every voter at home, determine if they are  telling the truth or if they are misleading you because they are so  filled with partisan animosity for the President that they can't vote  for a tax cut. It is a sad state of affairs.   Despite that, this bill is going to pass. Despite that, we are going  to see job creators, we are going to see farmers, we are going to see  ranchers, and we are going to see small businesses growing because the  taxes on each of them are going to go down. We are going to see the  taxes for working families go down.   By the way, there is one subset of people whose taxes will go up  under this, the rich people in high-tax Democratic States. The irony of  all the high dudgeon from our Democratic friends pounding the table  about this is a tax cut for the rich, the only people whose taxes are  going up are the really rich. The middle class, their taxes are all  going down. The working class, their taxes are going down. Every  taxpayer, their taxes are going down, except rich people in Manhattan  and San Francisco. Some of them, their taxes may go up.   You see this Kabuki theater of Senators on the Democratic aisle  pretending: We won't defend the rich people by claiming we are  defending the working class. Well, the facts are the facts are the  facts, and the facts are the taxes for the working class are going  down. Those are the facts, and you will see that.    I ask everyone watching at home, go look at your pay stub in January.  If they weren't telling the truth, if you see in your pay stub you are  paying less taxes, you ought to stop and ask: Gosh. Why did 48  Democrats in the Senate all tell me something that was false? Why did  they say something that is not true in my family?  [[Page S8139]]    It is even sadder than that. One of the most important elements of  this tax reform bill that we are getting ready to pass is an expansion  of educational opportunities for parents. It is an amendment I  introduced and this body passed. It was divided 50-50, and the Vice  President cast a tie-breaking vote. It expanded 529 college savings  plans.   Right now, 529 plans are immensely popular. Parents and grandparents  can save for college education for their kids and grandkids in a tax- advantaged way. The amendment I introduced that this body adopted  expands 529 college savings plans to also include K-12 education, to  also include letting parents spend up to $10,000 per child per year  from a 529 plan on public school, on private school, on parochial  school, or on religious school, and as the amendment was passed, on  homeschools. It puts the parents in charge; it puts the grandparents in  charge, saving their own money--not taxpayer money--their own money.   It is the most significant Federal school choice legislation that has  ever passed the U.S. Congress.   You know what we are in the middle of, right? The Democrats have  raised an objection. They raised an objection to all of it. They were  horrified that a benefit could go to 50 million schoolkids, that  parents would be able to save for those schoolkids. They raised an  objection under the Byrd rule, which is an obscure procedure rule that  nobody at home knows what it is, but they objected to it. They said:  You can't benefit 50 million schoolkids.   Indeed, as we argued in front of the Senate Parliamentarian, one of  the arguments the Democrats said is: This is really popular with the  American people. We don't want to do something that is really popular  with the American people. This is a big policy change. They love 529  plans, and now the parents of 50 million schoolkids--schoolkids in  Texas and every other State--will be able to save for the education of  their kids, and that has the Democrats horrified because every single  Democrat voted against the parents in their State saving in a 529  system for K-12 education.   Well, the Senate Parliamentarian issued a ruling earlier tonight  rejecting most of the Democratic claims but, sadly, adopted one small  portion of it. I think that claim was an error. I think the  Parliamentarian's ruling is contrary to Federal rule.   Let me tell you what the Democrats are objecting to because there was  a moment for conscience to strike them. The Democrats' position--they  have raised a point of order. The Senator from Vermont stood up and  raised a point of order and said they want to exclude homeschoolers  from 529 plans. There are 1.8 million kids who are homeschooled right  now.   To every kid who is being homeschooled right now, to every parent, to  every mom who puts in the time--some dads but a lot of moms who put in  the time day after day after day homeschooling their kids, what every  Democrat is standing up to do right now is saying: We are going to  discriminate against homeschoolers. We are going to cut you out. Why?  Because the Democratic Party can't stand the audacity of a parent who  would take it upon himself or herself to educate their child free of  centralized control. So their point of order is to carve homeschoolers  out of this.   Now, one of the provisions they want to carve out is a provision that  says homeschooled students can pay from a 529 college savings account  for tutoring. Every Senate Democrat is getting ready to vote against  tutors for children at home.   Another provision they are objecting to that is going to be carved  out says that parents can pay for 529 plans for books, for additional  materials, can pay for a student in high school who is duly enrolled in  community college, can pay for that out of their own money in a tax  advantage plan. Do you know what the Democrats are saying? If you are a  student signed up in a community college, we, the Democratic Party,  object to you paying for that out of the tax advantage plan.   Let me tell you what is most striking, a provision the Democrats are  arguing to strike provides that parents with a child with disabilities  can pay for educational therapy from a 529 plan that is their own  savings that they put together, and the Democrats are saying to the  parents with kids with disabilities, no, you can't.   Let me ask my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle, are you  prepared to look into the eyes of a kid with disability and explain why  you said you are cut out? Every other child in America has the ability  to have their tuition paid for from these 529 plans, but children with  disabilities being homeschooled, the Democrats--and not one, not two,  every single Democrat--stand united. Why? Because they can't stand the  President. They are angry at the President.   That is fine. If they are angry at the President, stand up and yell  at the President, but don't take it out on kids who are homeschooled.  Don't take it out on kids with disabilities. The Democrats have an  opportunity to demonstrate they are not going to punish children with  disabilities because of their partisan anger. We have right now a  motion to waive this mean-spirited, vindictive point of order that  discriminates against homeschoolers and carves out kids with  disabilities.    I would ask my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle--there are  going to be issues we disagree on, but the vote to allow parents of  children with disabilities to spend their own funds in a tax-advantaged  fund to provide for educational therapy for those kids with  disabilities--that ought to be 100 to nothing. All of us should agree  on that. We might disagree on other things, fine. The death tax, or as  Democrats like to call it, the estate tax--we can disagree on that. But  educating kids with disabilities--you are really standing up raising  that objection?   I would ask my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle: Don't do  that. Don't discriminate against the homeschoolers.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   