 Mr. President, I appreciate the words from all the  colleagues I have seen. It is great to see bipartisan sentiments about  dealing with the most powerful hurricanes in recorded history. These  hurricanes have left thousands of families homeless, destroying  infrastructure, and leaving most people without power for the  foreseeable future. There are thousands of individual stories of loss  of life, of loss of possessions, of everything people own, devastated  by this storm.   What is important to me now is that we turn these words into action.  I am grateful for the leadership we are seeing from the State of Texas  and the State of Florida, but I want to focus in on what is happening  in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. We know, right now, close to  31.5 million American citizens on these islands are on the brink of a  humanitarian catastrophe, including the 3.4 million people who live in  Puerto Rico and over 100,000 Americans on the U.S. Virgin Islands. The  American citizens living in Puerto Rico are part of a population that  is bigger than the States of Wyoming, Vermont, North Dakota, and Alaska  combined, but they don't have eight Senators representing them in this  body--working for them, fighting for them.   When Superstorm Sandy hit New Jersey, I know the constant work  Senator Menendez, I, and my predecessor Senator Frank Lautenberg put  into working on making sure our communities could recover. We don't  have direct Senators representing this incredible population of  Americans. They don't have folks here every single day who are pressing  for the interests of these Americans, for their safety, their security,  their lives. We have to--the 100 of us--step up to make sure that we  are focusing on the interests of our fellow Americans after what has  been one of the worst storms in recorded history.    The Americans in Puerto Rico pay taxes. They love this country. They  serve in the military. In fact, they serve in the military at a rate  almost twice as high as the general U.S. population. These are  patriots. They are our brothers and our sisters. These Americans  deserve action from this body and from the President of the United  States.   Puerto Rico's Governor has spoken directly to this crisis, noting  that just 40 percent of the residents of Puerto Rico have access to  drinking water--meaning that 2 million American citizens right now in  Puerto Rico do not have access to clean drinking water. This is a  serious crisis.   More than this, we know the vast majority of Puerto Rican residents  still don't have electricity. They are struggling to access food. They  do not have basic means of communications on the island, even to family  here. They can't access bank accounts. Their sanitation systems have  come to a complete standstill. Access to basic medications--often  urgently needed medication and healthcare--is under threat.   It is estimated that it is going to take months before power comes  back, and recovery and rebuilding will take years for the islands. The  next few weeks of recovery are critically important in the effort to  save lives.   I saw in Superstorm Sandy how it wasn't just the hurricane itself  that took lives; in fact, in my city, it was in the hours and days  after that people lost lives. We know that right now in Puerto Rico,  every minute, every hour, every day we wait to get critical aid-- necessary aid--our failure to act could mean the difference between  life and death or between grave suffering and relieving that suffering  for hundreds of thousands of people in Puerto Rico, as well as the U.S.  Virgin Islands.   We cannot afford to wait any longer to better mobilize support and  resources and help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and the Virgin  Islands right now. I hope that over time we are able to develop larger  and more comprehensive aid packages, such as those being discussed for  survivors of the hurricanes in Florida and Texas. The urgency we have  in Puerto Rico right now, the urgency we have to provide vital  security, energy, food, and health needs--we must answer that urgency  with action.   Puerto Rico needs U.S. military, disaster, and humanitarian  assistance to maintain order and provide security, water, food, and  fuel. Puerto Rico needs additional first responders, and they need  generators, emergency vehicles, and fuel. Also, Puerto Rico needs to  see that its government--the U.S. Government--will respond the way we  have for other disasters.   There cannot be a double standard when it comes to Americans. We are  one country. We are one Nation. Whether it was Hurricane Sandy in New  Jersey and New York or Hurricanes Harvey and Irma that ravaged Texas  and Florida, when our Nation sees a natural disaster destroy the homes  of thousands, take lives, knock down power--when a challenge like that  comes to the United States of America, we must be there for our  citizens. Yet I have read so many heartbreaking stories. This shows the  lack of urgency, the lack of being present, the lack of being there  when we are needed.   The Washington Post reported that when journalists were looking to go  and provide coverage--somehow journalists are making it there to report  on the extent of the damage--they were in a remote area of Puerto Rico  when local residents saw them. Their first response was simply to ask:  Are you FEMA? Are you our government? Are you coming to address the  crisis?   Right now Americans are suffering. Right now Americans are facing  devastation and potentially death in these hours and these days.   I worry about this body now heading toward Thursday or Friday. How  can we in good conscience go back to our homes this weekend, knowing  that hundreds of thousands of American citizens in Puerto Rico and the  Virgin Islands may be homeless, may not have shelter, may not have  food, and may not have water? We cannot allow our fellow Americans to  fall deeper into this crisis.   Nosotros somos gente de esperanza; somos gente de fe. Pero nuestra  historia siempre ha sido una que conecta oraciones y palabras con  acciones. Necesitamos actuar ahora.   We are a people of hope; we are a people of faith. But our history  has always been one of matching prayers and words with actions. We must  act now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   