 Mr. President, I appreciate the remarks, as well as the  working together with the Senator from Montana as we tried to make  certain that a program that is so valuable to veterans across the  country--in my case particularly, veterans who live in rural America,  in Kansas--to make certain that veterans can attain the care they have  earned and the care they deserve.   We had a scandal at the VA in which many tragic things happened, and  Congress came together at that time and passed the Choice Act. What  that law basically has given our veterans is, if they live more than 40  miles from a VA facility--in other words, if they live a long distance  from access to care--they can, at their choice, have that care at home:  hometown hospital, hometown physician, pharmacy, physical therapy. They  can see a provider in their hometown.   In so many instances in Kansas--in fact, I have mentioned this before  on the Senate floor. The House district I represented as a Congressman  is larger than the State of Illinois, and there is no VA hospital in  that congressional district. So veterans not having to travel 2, 3, 4,  5 hours to Denver or to Wichita or to Amarillo is of such value to our  veterans, particularly those who have a disability or are aging. What  we did in the passage of Choice was so useful to so many veterans.   The other part of that was that if you couldn't get the care you  needed within 30 days at the VA, you could then attain your care at  home. Again, with the backlog that was occurring at the VA, the lack of  providers, this became important to another set of veterans who,  because of their health condition, couldn't afford to wait that long to  see a physician, to have surgery.   This is important legislation. If you are somebody who cares about  veterans, you need to be in favor of this Choice Act. If you are  someone who cares about particularly rural or veterans who need timely  care, you especially ought to be supportive of Choice.   The challenge we have is that the Choice Act is expiring. It expires  August 7, and it needs to be extended. There are dollars available in  the program. Mandatory spending is available to pay for the services to  a later date.   As the Senator from Montana indicated, there are a number of  provisions that haven't worked very well in Choice because of the  bureaucratic nature of the program, the way the program has been  established. One of those that are most important is that you have  veterans on one side who need the care and choose Choice, but you also  need a willing provider. The local hospital, the local physician needs  to be willing to provide that care. I have never known a provider who  was not honored to provide care to a veteran, but the challenge in many  instances becomes whether that provider, that doctor or hospital gets  reimbursed, gets paid.   This legislation has a number of reforms, but in my view, one of the  most critical and most important is to make the VA the payer, to make  the VA be the entity that writes out the check to pay the hospital  bill, to pay the physician for the services provided.   So this is another reform that improves really on both sides. It  eliminates some of the bureaucracy that a veteran goes through and the  number of times a veteran may receive a notice that he or she owes  money that should be paid by the Choice Program, and it also  encourages--by paying them--the physician or the hospital to provide  the service. These are important reforms, important changes in the  Choice Act that are worthy of our support.   What is transpiring here are a couple of reforms to the Choice  Program and its extension to a later date, until the money expires, so  the Choice Program can continue, and Congress can now take that time to  determine what we want to do with the Choice Program into the future  after that point in time. I appreciate the way in which this  legislation has worked.   Often I get asked whether there is any hope that Congress can work  together, that Republicans and Democrats can solve problems. This is an  example of where that is taking place today, by the care and concern we  all have for our veterans and the good will that exists by those who  serve in Congress to make sure that good things happen for our military  men and women who are now veterans.   I regret that the chairman of the Veterans' Committee, the Senator  from Georgia, Mr. Isakson, is unable to be with us, but, as the Senator  from Montana indicated, he is fully supportive of this legislation. In  fact, he is an original sponsor of the legislation.   I add my voice and ask my colleagues to agree to the unanimous  consent resolution, that this legislation be passed. It will be another  step in solving problems and caring for those who served our Nation.   Yesterday, I was at the Arlington National Cemetery--a reminder of  the debt we owe to so many people. Those are veterans who are now  deceased. Those are military men and women who have now died. Those who  are living deserve the care and treatment that our VA can provide and  the opportunities that our providers in our hometowns can assist in  providing.   We want to make sure that good things continue to happen. We want to  improve the quality of service, get the problems out of the Choice  Program, and make sure those who are so deserving of quality care  actually receive it.   I yield back to the Senator from Montana.    Mr. President, it is my understanding that one of my  colleagues is en route to speak and perhaps object to this motion that  is to be made. I would ask my colleague from Montana if he would mind  holding for a few moments until that Senator arrives.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   