 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Law Enforcement Mental  Health and Wellness Act. This bill would take a number of steps to help  protect the mental well-being of those who take extraordinary steps to  protect all of us.   The Office of Community Oriented Policing Services at the Department  of Justice reports that law enforcement has an occupational fatality  rate three to five times higher than the national average for the  working population. Officers respond to horrible situations that are  dangerous, stressful, and sometimes life-threatening.   In addition to protecting law enforcement officers from the physical  hazards associated with doing their daily jobs, we must also do more to  protect them from the mental and emotional difficulties resulting from  their work. That is why I support this bill, which would initiate  several efforts to help the mental wellness of our law enforcement  officers.   The bill calls for the collaboration of the Justice Department, the  Defense Department, and the Department of Veterans Affairs to determine  which mental health practices and services from the military agencies  may be adopted to help civilian law enforcement.   The bill would expand the allowable uses of existing Justice  Department grants to include establishment of  [[Page H9453]]  mental health and wellness programs within State, local, and tribal law  enforcement agencies.   The bill would direct the Justice Department and the Department of  Health and Human Services to develop educational materials for mental  health providers about the culture of law enforcement agencies.   Finally, the bill would consider improvements to crisis hotlines to  better serve those from law enforcement who seek to use them.   Although I am particularly proud of New York's finest, I am glad that  this bill will help law enforcement officers in every jurisdiction  across the country. Their service certainly deserves the assistance  this legislation will provide. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to join  me in supporting this bill today.   