 Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from Virginia  for his leadership on this issue. He has been at it a long time. The  two of us have been at it for quite a while. I think this is the year.  This is the time. We are well past time for an AUMF.   I wish to thank the Senator from Kentucky for focusing the Senate's  attention on the 16-year-old authorization for use of military force.  As a freshman Member of the House of Representatives, I voted in favor  of the 2001 authorization on September 14, 2001--almost 16 years ago to  the day--September 14, 2001. I can attest that when I voted for that  law, I had no idea it would still be in effect 16 years later.   Since its passage, more than 300 Members of the House who took that  vote that day, on September 14, 2001--more than 300 Members of the  House are no longer in office. Of the Senators who voted, only 23  remain in the Senate today--23 out of 100. That comes out to about 70  percent of the Congress who has not voted to authorize force against  terrorist groups abroad.   It is long past time for Congress to calibrate the legal underpinning  of the war against terrorism to today's realities. ISIS, for example,  did not exist when the 2001 law was approved. We have learned a number  of things since we voted to go to war with the perpetrators of the 9/11  attacks, and I think it is time to incorporate those lessons into a new  AUMF.   For example, we have learned that no administration is ever going to  want to have the powers granted to it under the 2001 law curtailed. The  Obama administration fought efforts to put an ISIS-specific AUMF in  place, and the Trump administration has signaled it believes the 2001  authorities are adequate, and it does not plan to seek a new AUMF.   We have also learned that crafting a new AUMF that garners bipartisan  support is an especially difficult task. I know, because we have been  trying for a while.   I think we can all agree, the only thing worse than having the 2001  statute in place is a partisan vote on a new AUMF.   Lastly, we have learned that America is strongest when we speak with  one voice, which means Congress needs to have some buy-in. We have to  have some skin in the game. Otherwise, we can simply blame the  administration for any effort overseas.   We can't let wars against new terrorist groups like ISIS be waged  only by the executive branch. We in Congress need to weigh in and we  have to let our allies and our adversaries know we are serious and  committed.   Taking these lessons into account, I think it is imperative for any  future terrorism-related AUMF to include a sunset provision that  requires Congress to put its skin in the game. That way, we can avoid  being put in the position we are in today--having to vote on an  amendment to repeal a law that authorizes force against groups that are  actively planning attacks against American interests.   Ultimately, I cannot support my colleague's effort to repeal the 2001  AUMF in 6 months because of the very real risk associated with  repealing such a vital law before we have something to replace it with.  Fortunately, I know the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee  remains committed to considering legislation to repeal the 2001 AUMF  and to replace it.   As I mentioned, the Senator from Virginia and I have introduced  legislation to do just that. That legislation, S.J. Res. 43, would  repeal the 2001 law and authorize the use of force against al-Qaida,  the Taliban, and ISIS. It would allow for greater congressional  oversight of what groups can be deemed as ``associated forces'' of  those organizations. It also contains a sunset provision.   So I look forward to working with my colleague from Kentucky and  other members of the Foreign Relations Committee to move an AUMF that  can garner bipartisan support. That is the right way to do it--under  regular order, moving it through the Foreign Relations Committee, and  then bringing it here to the floor, where we can debate and we can have  buy-in, and the Senate can vote on an AUMF and then the House. Then,  the U.S. Government--the Congress and the executive branch--can speak  with one voice.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   