 Mr. President, today I wish to honor a true original,  the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company, on 150 years of brewing great  beer in Wisconsin's North Woods. The Leinenkugels were fairly typical  Wisconsinites in the mid-1800s--German, immigrants, and lovers of beer.  Jacob Leinenkugel started in the business in 1867 after he and three  brothers learned the craft from their father, a brewer and distiller.  Together, the Leinenkugel family started four breweries, including the  Spring Brewery, which eventually became Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing.   While the Leinenkugel family was typical, the brewery they started  became far from ordinary. For a century and a half, the Jacob  Leinenkugel Brewing Company has put Chippewa Falls, WI, on the map and  excellent beer in the hands of people throughout Wisconsin and the  country.   Walk into most any bar in the State and there will be ``Leinie's'' on  tap. Go to a backyard cookout or a Milwaukee  [[Page S4759]]  Brewers tailgate on a hot summer's day and there will Summer Shandy in  the cooler. Stop by a Wisconsin supper club for dinner and odds are you  or someone at the table next to you will be enjoying their fish fry  with a Honey Weiss.   Leinenkugel Brewing is the seventh oldest continuously operating  brewery in the country. This lengthy heritage did endure trying  moments. Leinenkugel's survived Prohibition by producing soda, ginger  ale, and a nonalcoholic cereal beverage to stay in business. Afterward,  the brewer eventually grew into the fourth largest craft brewer in the  United States.   The original brewery is still operating, and its Leinie Lodge visitor  center in Chippewa Falls welcomes 125,000 visitors annually, making it  a top tourist destination in northern Wisconsin. Along with its  original lager, Leinenkugel's now brews 24 other beers, with offerings  for every taste and season, including a special German Marzen-style  lager to celebrate the family's roots and the brewery's 150th  anniversary.   Leinenkugel Brewing is more than beer. Leinenkugel's is a Wisconsin  institution that touches the lives of people across the State--even  those who have never lifted a pint. The brewery's Canoes for a Cause  outreach program has provided education and resources to help improve  and protect Wisconsin springs and waterways. Generations of the  Leinenkugel family have served our country in the military and other  civic capacities. That tradition continues today as former Marine Corps  captain and Leinenkugel Brewing president Jake Leinenkugel serves as a  senior White House adviser for the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Six generations have taken a family from the North Woods of Wisconsin  to the refrigerators of beer lovers in all 50 States while maintaining  its Wisconsin roots and cherishing its German heritage. I join my  fellow Wisconsinites in raising a glass in appreciation for the last  150 years and hoping for many more to come.   