 Mr. President, I rise today to support Senator Dan Coats,  our former colleague and a friend, as the President's nominee to be the  next Director of National Intelligence. Dan Coats has been asked to  lead our Nation's intelligence community of over 100,000 individuals  during, I think, the most profound period of threats and change. Let me  say to my colleagues, it is a job that Dan Coats is well prepared to  do.   After graduating from Wheaton College, Dan served honorably in the  U.S. Army before serving the State of Indiana as a House Member, as a  Senator, and for not only Indiana but this country as Ambassador to  Germany.   While in the Senate, Dan was engaged and was a valuable member of the  Senate Intelligence Committee. He dedicated countless hours to  understanding and overseeing the intelligence community--in essence,  one of 15 people who certified for 85 others and for the American  people that we do everything we can to keep America safe but we do it  within the parameters of the rule of law. He is well versed in the  operational capabilities and authorities. He understands the threat we  are facing at home and abroad. He understands that we need to improve  our ability to collect against our adversaries, and Dan will be a  forceful advocate for intelligence collection but, again, never  jeopardizing that line of what is legal and what is not.   Dan's legislative experience also translates to his understanding and  his appreciation of the need for transparency with the appropriate  oversight committees and, more importantly, with the Congress and the  American people.   Dan's intellect, his judgment, his honorable service, and his  commitment to the workforce make him a natural fit as Director of  National Intelligence. I have absolute trust that he will lead the  community with integrity, and he will ensure that the intelligence  enterprise operates lawfully, ethically, and morally.   So today I rise in this austere body to urge my colleagues to support  the President's nominee for Director of National Intelligence. We are  now in March. We have gone from January until March with one of the  most important posts of this administration unfilled. Congress must act  quickly, and it is my hope that Members, before the end of this day,  will make sure we have a Director of National Intelligence in place.   I urge my colleagues to support this nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   