 Madam President, as we speak, our fellow citizens in Puerto  Rico, Texas, and Florida are recovering from a series of devastating  hurricanes. Over 100 people have lost their lives because of these  terrible storms, and many more are struggling to get by day to day.   The crisis is perhaps most acute in Puerto Rico, where 35 percent of  the population still does not have access to safe drinking water and  four out of five Puerto Ricans do not have power.   The people of Florida, Puerto Rico, and Texas have responded with  great tenacity and admirable creativity to this disaster. I wish the  same could be said of the politicians here in Washington, DC.   Once again, this body is poised to fail the American people. Instead  of helping the victims of these disasters through responsible aid  paired with lasting reform, Congress has rushed to its favorite so- called solution--billions of dollars in new spending with little  accountability or meaningful oversight.   If this $36.5 billion aid package passes, it will mean even more  money and more power for government programs that in some cases left us  vulnerable to these disasters in the first place. If it passes, the  politicians and lobbyists will pat themselves on the back for doing a  good deed and then move on to the next multibillion dollar spending  opportunity. Meanwhile, the people of Florida, Puerto Rico, and Texas  will be left to pick up the pieces and to deal with the disastrous  consequences of this approach.   Puerto Rico, in particular, has to contend with the effects of a  devastating storm and decades of malfeasance that has left Puerto Rico  with $74 billion of debt.   This crisis calls for emergency aid, yes. More than that, it calls  for true lasting reform, the type of reform that is noticeably absent  from this measure. That is why I am voting no on this shortsighted  bill, because it is easy to caricature a vote against emergency aid as  calloused or cruel, but it is hard to do the real work that is  necessarily required by real, lasting, meaningful reform.   It is harder still to defend these packages when their contents are  exposed fully to the light of day. If you were evaluating an emergency  aid package, you might reasonably expect it to direct all of its  spending to programs that actually help the people of Florida, of  Puerto Rico, of Texas, but this proposal does not even come close to  directing all of its money to broad-based recovery efforts.   Just under half of the $36.5 billion in new spending would bail out  the National Flood Insurance Program, or NFIP. In the Houston area,  just 17 percent of homeowners were enrolled in the NFIP. In Puerto  Rico, the numbers are even more sparse. Just 5,600 Puerto Ricans are  enrolled in NFIP, less than 1 percent of homeowners. That means 99  percent of Puerto Ricans will not get anything at all from the $16  billion to NFIP. But then again, it is not clear that NFIP recipients  get much from NFIP to begin with.   The National Flood Insurance Program represents the triumph of good  intentions over sound public policy. Its generous subsidies were  supposed to reduce the need for Federal aid after massive storms.  Instead, NFIP encourages thousands of Americans to live in some of the  most dangerous real estate in the country.   NFIP sells flood insurance at rates well below that of any reasonable  private insurer. As a result, its policies do not accurately reflect  the risk of living in manifestly flood-threatened, flood-endangered  areas. These government policies encourage Americans to live in  precisely those areas where their livelihoods--and, in fact, even their  lives--can be swept away in an instant.   Economists refer to this perverse incentive as moral hazard, and, in  more senses than one, that is just what the National Flood Insurance  Program is--a hazard to Americans. It is distinctly immoral for the  government to subsidize housing in the Nation's flood plains--deep  within the flood plains--or on the edges of its coast. Instead of  building your house on a rock, the government wants you to build it on  the sand.   NFIP pays out claims for properties that have been swept away not  once, not twice, but many, many times before. Homes that have been  flooded multiple times make up just 1 percent of NFIP policyholders,  but they account for more than one-third of its claims. This has cost  taxpayers more than $12.1 billion in payouts according to the  Congressional Research Service.   When Hurricane Harvey swept through Houston last month, it submerged  a house that had been flooded 22 times since 1979. The house is valued  at about $600,000. The government has spent $1.8 million to  rehabilitate it.   No private insurance company would ever offer insurance on the terms  that NFIP offers. Such a company would endanger its policyholders, and  it would run out of money.   That is precisely what has happened under NFIP. The program is $25  billion in debt and routinely blows through its statutory debt limits.   The emergency aid package Congress is considering today would cancel  $16 billion of NFIP's debt--no questions asked. Congress isn't making  NFIP bring its actuarial practices in line with reality or into  conformity with free-market forces. No, it isn't even appropriating new  funds for another failed program. That, at least, would be business as  usual in Washington. Instead, Congress is effectively giving a debt  amnesty to the National Flood Insurance Program. It is absolving NFIP  of its sins and making American taxpayers do the penance.    So that is an example of what is in the bill. Let's consider a little  bit of what is not in the bill.   If we want to be responsible leaders in a moment of crisis like this  one, we need to provide long-term reforms in addition to any short-term  assistance. We need to provide a full meal to those affected by these  storms and not just a temporary, passing sugar rush.   But this bill does not include any reforms that would help Puerto  Rico attain long-term stability or climb out from underneath its $74  billion debt. It doesn't even attempt to reform the dysfunctional  electrical utility program which, through a combination of neglect and  profiteering, has left millions of Puerto Ricans in darkness. Without  electricity, Puerto Rico can't power hospitals, clinics, food banks, or  even sewage systems. And it doesn't repeal the Jones Act, the  protectionist regulation that kept foreign-flagged relief ships out of  Puerto Rican harbors for precious days after Hurricane Maria and for a  long time has forced Puerto Rican consumers to pay significantly higher  prices on just about everything they buy.   Simple reform measures such as reforming PREPA, the electric utility  company I mentioned a moment ago, or repealing the Jones Act would  provide very meaningful, lasting benefits to Puerto Ricans long after  the public's attention has drifted and the relief money has dried up.  But Congress, true to form, would rather double down on broken laws and  broken programs rather than fix them, and Congress would rather take on  more debt than spend according to what we have and prioritize in order  to get there.   None of this $36.5 billion in emergency spending is offset by  spending reductions on other programs--none of it--not a single dollar.  That is the sad irony of this bill. If the trend of deficit-fueled  spending continues, one day soon we will wake up to the cries of our  fellow Americans and we will have nothing to give them in support.   Again, this bill doesn't take care of those programs, and it is not  as if there aren't solutions out there. One of my colleagues, Senator  Paul, has effectively been blocked from introducing an amendment that  would call for offsets to this spending. Another one of my colleagues,  Senator Flake, has tried to introduce an amendment, of which I am a  cosponsor, that would bring about some of these other reforms I have  described--reforms to the State-owned utility company, to the Jones  Act, and reforms to the way that we spend money through the Federal  Government in Puerto Rico.  [[Page S6711]]    I hope my colleagues will work with me on a more responsible,  sustainable, meaningful way to help our brothers and sisters in areas  affected by the recent hurricanes. Congress has the authority to lead,  especially over Puerto Rico, where we have plenary power that exceeds  the authority we have in other parts of the country within States. In  this hour of crisis, especially with regard to Puerto Rico, we are the  only ones who indisputably have this power, and we are the ones who  must act if we are going to achieve meaningful reform.   If we can only offer money and a pat on the head, it will be our  fault when the American people continue to suffer as a result of failed  programs that haven't worked and call out to us through their failures  for reform.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   