 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding,  and I thank Mr. Bilirakis and Mr. Walz for rising in support of this.   When Mr. Nelson and his family came to me with this, the first thing  I thought was: That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard.   You have a child, waiting to give you a live kidney in a transplant,  and he is eliminated as a donor because he is not a veteran. It is hard  enough to find live transplants as it is. And common sense by everybody  who ever knew anybody who got one knows: the best source is  [[Page H8554]]  a family member because it has got the best chance for a match and the  best chance for success.   Yet the VA had a limitation that he had to be a veteran. Now, what  are the chances of all your family being veterans when all of a sudden  you have renal failure and have to have a kidney? They have got to be  off the wall, and that is ridiculous.   So, Mr. Speaker, I filed this bill to correct this mess.   My colleague has given a great description of what happened to the  Nelsons. But, more importantly, common sense--and I like the mention of  that--tells us that you can't eliminate the best pool of donors that a  family has because of their lack of being a veteran.   And we all know--we heard Mr. O'Rourke say previously--we are down to  about 1 percent of our Nation actually serves in the military anymore.   So this is a commonsense fix for a commonsense problem.   Mr. Speaker, I am really proud of my staff. They have worked really  hard on this. They stayed at it and stayed at it. We got the attention  of the VA, and I am happy for their cooperation. I want to thank the  committee. They were overwhelmingly supportive on both sides of the  aisle. I urged my colleagues to fix a commonsense problem and allow a  son to give a kidney to his father at a facility that is most  convenient to the family, which is all common sense, so that our  veterans, who have given their all for us, have the right to have the  best healthcare available to American citizens, and that is what this  bill will provide.    There was such a good explanation by my colleagues that I didn't go  into the details. But I just want to tell you that when you have a  constituent come in with a commonsense problem, we have a duty and a  responsibility to fix it because common sense is in short supply in  Washington, D.C.   