 Madam President, this week the Senate will continue  considering a number of nominations, beginning with Kevin Newsom of  Alabama to serve as judge on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. Newsom has earned bipartisan support, having been voted out of  the Judiciary Committee 18 to 2. As Chairman Grassley pointed out prior  to that vote, several lifelong Democrats and Republicans have penned  letters to the committee touting Mr. Newsom's ``professionalism and  qualifications.'' He is an ``exceptionally accomplished nominee,''  Chairman Grassley said, ``who spent the last 20 years building an  impressive legal resume.''   That resume includes things like clerking for an Associate Justice on  the U.S. Supreme Court, serving as Alabama's solicitor general, and  earning an appointment to the Advisory Committee on Appellate Rules.   For his exceptional work, Mr. Newsom has garnered a number of awards  from the legal community. The American Lawyer magazine has included him  on its list of America's top 50 litigators under age 45. Chambers USA  has ranked him Band 1 for appellate litigation. The National  Association of Attorneys General has awarded him on several occasions  the Best Brief Award for his briefing before the Supreme Court.   During his impressive legal career, Mr. Newsom has argued four cases  before the Supreme Court, filed amicus briefs in many other cases, and  argued more than 35 cases in Federal circuit courts.   As indicated by his distinguished professional background, Mr. Newsom  will be an excellent addition to the court. I look forward to  supporting his nomination today and confirming him to the Eleventh  Circuit later this week.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive  session to consider Calendar No. 175, Marvin Kaplan.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call  be waived.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive  Calendar Nos. 195 through 223, with the exception of COL John K.  Muller, and all nominations placed on the Secretary's desk in the Air  Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy; that the nominations be  confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions  be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed  in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action and the Senate then resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place  the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to  my own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  August 1; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader  remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Newsom nomination, with all time during morning  business, recess, adjournment, and leader remarks counting postcloture  on the Newsom nomination; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30  p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Brown.   