 I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.  [[Page H1435]]    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1009, the OIRA Insight,  Reform, and Accountability Act, yet another radical bill, part of a  corporate agenda designed to eviscerate public protections under the  Clean Water Act and other laws designed to ensure the safety of  American families.   As the ranking member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on  Regulatory Reform, I have several serious concerns with this measure.   First, H.R. 1009 would eviscerate the independence of agencies that  are critical to holding corporations accountable and protecting  consumers, such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the  Federal Trade Commission, and the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Congress established these expert agencies with the express purpose of  exercising independence from the policy whims of the White House.   Section 3423 of H.R. 1009, however, would task the White House Office  of Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, with a governmentwide  review of significant regulatory actions, effectively placing this  obscure entity as the gatekeeper of the rulemaking system.   Currently, OIRA only reviews a small portion of significant  regulatory actions, allowing it to effectively allocate its finite  resources to review the most pressing rules. But by substantially  expanding OIRA's mandate to include every significant regulatory  action, this legislation would simultaneously water down agency  oversight while also subjecting independent agencies to the influence  of the Trump administration, facilitating political interference in the  rulemaking process.   One of the overriding goals of OIRA review is to ensure that the  President's policies are reflected in agency rules. Greater  Presidential control over rulemaking, particularly in this  administration's hands, could have devastating consequences in terms of  public health and safety. It would not only provide special interests  with an additional tool for regulatory capture, but it would also allow  the White House to substitute its own policy preferences for those of  Congress.   As Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chair of the Senate committee  with jurisdiction over administrative law, observed in a report last  year: ``Limits on the President's power over independent agencies--like  the Federal Communications Commission--demonstrate the importance of  maintaining the agency's independence.''   Furthermore, because President Trump has made the outrageous and  unprecedented choice not to divest his business holdings, I am also  very concerned that H.R. 1009 would only serve to convert the  regulatory system into his own personal investment account.   Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, recently noted:  ``The Nation's golfer-in-chief'' owns or brands businesses across the  country that would be affected by protections promulgated under the  Clean Water Act. Increasing the White House's role in the rulemaking  system will only serve to undermine what little transparency exists  into the President's regulatory conflicts of interest.   The Government Accountability Office has reported in multiple studies  that OIRA has not addressed transparency concerns that GAO has raised,  and for this reason I offered an amendment.   I was pleased to hear my friend from Utah talk about the transparency  benefits, but I offered an amendment to H.R. 1009 that was designed to  ferret out crony capitalism by requiring that OIRA reports whether a  significant regulatory action would financially benefit the President  or his senior advisers. That seems like a really sensible idea if you  really want to get at the issue of transparency.   Very disappointingly, my Republican colleagues refused to make my  amendment in order, really tacitly acknowledging their concerns with  what this type of transparency might mean for the Trump administration.   Finally, while supporters of this proposal argue that it merely  codifies executive orders that were issued under Democratic  administrations, the reality is that H.R. 1009 was drafted without  Democratic input, contains several poison pill provisions designed to  ensure its partisan and unworkable nature, and would only have been  vetoed by the Obama administration.   As the Obama administration noted in the context of a veto threat of  another antiregulatory bill, agencies already adhere to the robust and  well-understood procedural and analytical requirements of the  Administrative Procedure Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the  Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act, and the  Congressional Review Act.   Passage of antiregulatory legislation to ``replace this established  framework with layers of additional procedural requirements,'' the  Obama administration cautioned, ``would undermine the ability of  agencies to execute their statutory mandates.'' Because H.R. 1009 does  this very thing, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.    I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   