 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Let me start  by thanking the leaders on both sides of the aisle who worked to bring  this measure forward: Speaker Ryan and Leader Pelosi; the majority  leader, Mr. McCarthy; the minority whip, Mr. Hoyer; and my friend from  California (Mr. Royce), our chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.   Mr. Speaker, NATO has been the most effective alliance of the 20th  and 21st centuries. It stood as a bulwark against communist aggression  during the Cold War. Since the fall of the Soviet Union, it has played  a critical role in building an integrated Europe that is whole, free,  and at peace.  [[Page H5212]]    At the heart of the alliance is the value enshrined in article 5: An  attack on any ally is an attack on all allies. That commitment has been  so strong across the decades, that the alliance never once invoked  article 5 during the long standoff between East and West during the  Cold War.   In fact, article 5 has only been invoked one time in NATO's history,  when the ruins of the World Trade Center were smouldering in New York  City as the world rallied around the United States. After the attacks  of September 11, 2001, NATO allies did what we always knew they would:  they said the attack on us was an attack on all of them as well. Since  then, for nearly 16 years, American troops have fought and shed blood  and died alongside men and women serving in the uniforms of our NATO  allies.   Mr. Speaker, this isn't a commitment we as Americans can take  lightly. While I am glad President Trump finally affirmed the  commitment of the United States to article 5, I think it is important  for Congress to do it as well.   The administration's hot-and-cold approach to the alliance caused a  lot of unneeded heartburn for our allies and caused even the best of  friends to question our commitment.   NATO is not a thing that can just be thrown in with everything else.  It is very important to us, and we should allow our allies to meet  their commitments laid out at the NATO summit in Wales. It is very  important that we do that.   Right now, especially, we need to be clear on our commitment to NATO.  The danger that Russia poses to the alliance, to Western democracy and  an integrated, unified Europe, is the greatest test in a generation. If  there are cracks in the surface, you can bet that Vladimir Putin will  do all he can to exploit them. Fracturing Western unity is his top  goal, and the United States needs to be strong in our commitment to  NATO.   Today, the House is saying we will not waver. We are sending a  message to our allies and partners and to Moscow that a wager against  NATO is a losing bet. I would like to see the House take an even  tougher stance against Moscow and immediately pass the Senate's Russia  sanctions bill. This legislation won overwhelmingly bipartisan support  in the other body, and I am confident we could act on it swiftly in the  House.   With this measure today, we are saying with one voice that article 5  is sacred, that NATO is strong, and the resolve of the United States  and our allies won't be weakened by a bully sitting in Moscow.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, recently, I was in Brussels, and we met with  NATO officials on a codel led by the Democratic leader, Ms. Pelosi.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Pelosi).    Mr. Speaker, recently, I was in Brussels, and we met with  NATO officials on a codel led by the Democratic leader, Ms. Pelosi.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Pelosi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the Democratic whip, who is an original cosponsor  of this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, we should be clear that Vladimir Putin is  testing us. He attacked our democracy in last year's election, he is  working to create divisions among our allies, and he would love nothing  more than to see NATO fail.   If the United States offers anything less than our full-throated  support for the alliance, and our ironclad commitments to article 5,  Moscow will see that as an invitation to undercut transatlantic unity  and fracture our critical bond with Europe.   I am glad the House is coming together to ensure that it doesn't  happen. I hope we can continue to work in a bipartisan way to shore up  our alliances and push back on Russian aggregation. This is a real  threat. Russia is not our ally.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this measure, and I urge all  Members to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me first thank my  colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee, particularly Ms. Ros- Lehtinen from Florida, and Mr. Cicilline from Rhode Island, for their  work on this measure, and for their leadership supporting LGBT  communities around the world. I also thank Chairman Royce for support  of this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, day after day, we hear new reports of abuse of LGBT  individuals in Chechnya. This spring, authorities rounded up hundreds  of gay men. Some were tortured, some were murdered. Reports from civil  society and activists tell us that Chechen authorities have rounded up  LGBT individuals, beaten them, tortured them with electric shocks, and  outed them to their families in the perverse hope of provoking so- called ``honor killings.'' This is horrific.   Let's not forget that Chechnya is part of Russia, as the chairman  said. These crimes--this disregard for human rights and human dignity  lie at the feet of Vladimir Putin and his crony in Chechnya, Ramzan  Kadyrov.   No one anywhere should face violence, persecution, or death because  of who they love. ``Gay rights are human rights, and human rights are  gay rights,'' as Hillary Clinton said when she was Secretary of State.  But under Putin's rule, those rights are a myth.   So I was disappointed when Secretary Tillerson testified before the  Foreign Affairs Committee about whether those atrocities were on the  agenda with his Russian counterparts. ``These are on the pending  list,'' he told us.   The United States should never put basic human rights on the  ``pending list.'' Unless we shed a light on these abuses and demand  that they be stopped, we are betraying our most fundamental values. So  today I am glad the House, in a bipartisan way, is speaking out to  condemn this violence and persecution, to stand up for the freedoms of  assembly and expression, and to say that we believe that LGBT rights  are human rights that must be protected around the world.   I am glad to support this measure. Again, I thank Chairman Ed Royce,  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and David Cicilline.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline), a coauthor of this resolution and someone who  is fighting for human rights all the time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly), a valued member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   Let me, first of all, again thank Representative Ros-Lehtinen, who is  always working really hard and is on top of issues that are so  important. We really appreciate her leadership and everything she does  in the committee; Mr. Cicilline, who has fought for LGBT rights; and,  of course, my partner on the committee, Chairman Royce. Things like  this show the bipartisanship of our committee, which I think is really  important.   Occasionally we hear talk about Vladimir Putin that implies some sort  of moral equivalency between the way he runs Russia and American  policies. If you want to know how false that comparison is, take a look  at what is happening in Chechnya. Take a look at the violence that  Putin's thugs are waging against innocent citizens. That is how Putin  regards the rights of his own people. That is what we are here to  condemn today.   The United States should continue to make advancing and protecting  human rights a foreign policy priority, including the rights of LGBT  communities.  [[Page H5217]]    I urge a ``yes'' vote on this measure. I thank Chairman Royce, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   