 The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    Mr. President, I thank my friend, the Senator from  Virginia, who is the vice chair of the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence, for his remarks.   I, too, support the nomination of Dan Coats to serve as the next  Director of National Intelligence and succeed James Clapper, who has  been in the intelligence business for 50-plus years. He has big shoes  to fill, but I have every confidence Dan Coats can do that.   One of the things I hope he looks at is that post-9/11, when the  Office of the Director of National Intelligence was created, we  basically created another layer in the intelligence community. As the  Presiding Officer and other Members know, the DNI--the Office of the  Director of National Intelligence--has grown by leaps and bounds. I  just hope he takes a good, hard look at the layers we have created,  perhaps at the duplicative functions that do not necessarily make our  intelligence any better but that do create more problems in managing  what is a very important office to our national security and certainly  to the intelligence community.    Mr. President, may I ask the Senator to yield to consider  a couple of brief consent requests?    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for yielding for a  brief UC request, as I think this would be in the best interests of the  entire Senate.   I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture  motion on Executive Calendar No. 19, the McMaster nomination, be  withdrawn; that the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided in the  usual form on the Coats and McMaster nominations concurrently; and that  at 1:45 p.m. the Senate vote on the Coats nomination, followed by a  vote on the McMaster nomination; and that, if confirmed, the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's actions, with no intervening  action or debate. I further ask that 1 hour of minority debate time be  reserved for Senator Wyden.    Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that  following morning business on Tuesday, March 21, the Senate proceed to  executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following  nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 21 and 22. I ask unanimous consent  that the time until 12 noon be equally divided and that following the  use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nominations, en  bloc, with no intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, en  bloc, and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action;  that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating  to the nominations be printed in the Record.    Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague for  yielding for those unanimous consent requests.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Corker), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Corker) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr.  Barrasso), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), and the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Wyoming (Mr.  Barrasso) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Corker) would have voted ``yea.''   