 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill,  H.R. 624, the Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act, legislation  to protect Americans--especially children, veterans, and the elderly-- from identity theft.   Not long ago, I was approached by a constituent in my district who  showed me a letter she had received from the Social Security  Administration. The document she showed me contained the full Social  Security number, name, and address clearly printed.   Upon further investigation, we found that the Social Security  Administration had also printed postcards which contained the full  Social Security number of the intended recipient clearly visible on the  exterior of the mailing. Even more concerning, the practice of printing  Social Security numbers on government documents is not exclusive to the  Social Security Administration, but occurs throughout every department  of the Federal Government.   In today's digital age, we hear more and more about the importance of  protecting our identity. Identity theft is one of the fastest growing  crimes in the United States. It threatens the financial security of  millions of Americans as well as the economic stability of the United  States as a whole. In fact, every 2 seconds, another American becomes  the victim of identity fraud. Even worse, these crimes tend to impact  vulnerable populations, such as children, the elderly, and veterans,  the most.   Despite these alarming statistics, there is a high prevalence of  needlessly printed Social Security numbers on documents issued by the  Federal Government. My legislation puts an end to this unacceptable  practice and limits when the Federal Government can mail documents that  contain an individual's full Social Security number.   Social Security was established to provide older Americans financial  security during their retirement years, not to jeopardize that security  by negligently handling someone's personal information.   My bill, the Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act, would  prevent the Federal Government from mailing documents that contain full  Social Security numbers unless absolutely necessary. This requires  Federal agencies to partially redact Social Security numbers on the  documents whenever possible.   Please join me in supporting this commonsense legislation that will  help all Americans avoid falling victim to one of the fastest growing  crimes in the United States.   