 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gaetz), for bringing this issue to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, this can all be cleared up, pretty quickly, with a  little bit of transparency and with a little bit of sunlight. It comes  down to the issue of: Do we have impartial justice in this country or  don't we?   We are all familiar with Lady Justice. She has a blindfold over her  eyes, she is holding the scale, and the scale is straight across. It is  not leaning one way or the other. But, in this case, it seems--and I am  going to say that kind of tongue-in-cheek--it seems like it is, like  the scale is not right across, Mr. Speaker. It is heavily on one side,  and the other side is way up in the air.   And let me just make a couple of points:   Deputy Director McCabe refers to the Clinton email investigation as  ``special.''   Why is it special?   Where is it on that scale?   Is it up high or is it down low?   Why is it called special?   Why did Secretary Clinton have a team from headquarters investigate  her, as opposed to the Washington field office?   Think about this:   If the FBI called you, it wouldn't be for a meeting or an interview.  It would be called your deposition. You would sit there with your  lawyer, and you would answer questions. And it wouldn't be when it was  convenient for you. It would be when it was convenient for the FBI.   Secretary Clinton gets to have a meeting with the FBI for an  interview on a Saturday morning of a holiday weekend. Now, contrast  that on the scales of justice with Paul Manafort. Paul Manafort gets  his home broken into in the middle of the night and dragged out of bed  while he and his wife are sleeping. Something doesn't seem right to me.   You talk about the meeting on the tarmac. The FBI, in their emails,  it was revealed that they wanted to get the agent that divulged the  fact that that meeting occurred out on the tarmac. They weren't  interested in what the meeting was about just days before Secretary  Clinton was going to be deposed before this House of Representatives  and be questioned and interviewed about her role in Benghazi.   Why does that happen?   It seems like the scales of justice, once again, are tipped.   Peter Strzok. He interviewed Heather Samuelson, Cheryl Mills, Bryan  Pagliano, and Paul Combetta, and they all got immunity. They all got  immunity.   Who gives somebody immunity without anything in return?   Okay, they got immunity. We get it. We want to know what was on the  other side of that equation. I mean, this is not to apologize for, or  to stick up for, Mike Flynn or for Paul Manafort. If they have  committed crimes, that needs to be dealt with appropriately. Lying,  period, is never appropriate.   But they didn't get this deal. These folks did get the deal. And, at  the same time while they got the deal, we know via their email and  interviews that they actually did lie to the FBI. Some of these folks  lied to the FBI, yet Michael Flynn pleads guilty, and these guys and  gals get immunity.   Do the scales of justice, Mr. Speaker, seem like they are a little  bit askew?   Mr. Combetta--if that is how you pronounce his name--we know that he  was out there searching for ways on the internet about how to scrub a  computer. Nothing to see here, right? That seems a little odd, doesn't  it?   Cheryl Mills, she got immunity, allegedly, to give up her laptop. So  she got immunity; we got that. She can't be prosecuted. We got the  laptop. Shouldn't the American people know what was on the laptop? Why  is that information not available? Why is it that this Congress, this  jurisdiction of oversight, as applied in the Constitution, has to beg  and cajole the FBI and the Department of Justice to provide documents  so that we can see what happened, so that we can know, so that the  American people and their representatives can know how this dossier--if  you want to call it that--was constructed and how it was used? Why must  we beg for that information, and why can't we get it?   Mr. Speaker, this can all be cleared up; just provide the  information. There doesn't have to be another special prosecutor. Mr.  Mueller can continue with his investigation and find the truth because  we all want the truth. We want the truth that is impartial, not  something that is fabricated because we now have an FBI that is  pursuing individuals, as opposed to crimes.   The American people need to know that this isn't a tinhorn  dictatorship and that we don't have government officials using the  power of the Federal Government to work against their political rivals.  They need to know that they can trust their FBI, and right now it  doesn't seem like they can have confidence in that.    It seems like if you are on the wrong side of the scale, Mr. Speaker,  it is a bad day for you. But if you are connected and you have people  working for you like--oh, I don't know--Peter Strzok, Bruce Ohr, and  his wife now, Andrew Weissmann, or Jeannie Rhee, I mean, as the days go  on, we just keep on finding out more and more and more. And we don't  find it out because they are offering it. We find it out because we  have to pull it from them and just beg them and require them to come in  here and force the information out of them. That is not how this is  supposed to work.   We need to have confidence in our FBI, and we need to have confidence  in our Department of Justice. American citizens need to have confidence  in their judicial system to know that the blindfold is still on Lady  Justice, that the scales are even, that we are all going to be treated  evenly, and that crimes are going to be investigated, not individuals.  And that there is not going to be some kind of a witch hunt or a lynch  mob mentality at the Federal Government level against people with whom  the political ruling class disagrees.   If it requires another special counsel, so be it. If not, it would be  great if we could just clear all of this up by providing the  information that this House of Representatives and the American people  demand. There is no reason to keep it. It is not classified; it is not  sensitive. It is information that all of us need to know so we know how  our Federal Government is operating and who is being truthful with us.  And then we can have confidence in the fidelity of our FBI and our  Department of Justice.   