 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Zeldin for  his leadership on this very important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the President's decision to  decertify the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or what is known as  the Iran deal.   This deeply-flawed Iran deal has failed to prevent the Iranian regime  from ballistic missile testing and overall hostility that threatens  American national security interests. Quite frankly, this was a bad  idea from day one.   Most recently, on September 23, 2017, Iran test-fired a new long- range missile that could carry multiple warheads, and is the country's  third test of a missile with a range of approximately 1,240 miles.   An Iranian news agency further stated how this missile ``adds to  Israel's misery and will be their nightmare.''   As we have seen, Iran continues to be the world's largest state  sponsor of terrorism, and the IRGC has known connections to Hezbollah  in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza.   Over these past few years, we have seen these terrorist proxy groups  carry out attacks on American troops and innocent Israeli civilians. In  addition, Iran has gained access to over $100 billion in previously  frozen assets, enabling the money to be funneled to various terrorist  organizations.   From the frequent ballistic missile tests to supporting terrorism and  funding proxies, such as Lebanon, Syria, and Yemen, Iran has escalated  its aggressive behavior since the deal was signed just 2 years ago.   Ultimately, this deal temporarily pushes back Iran's ability to build  up its nuclear infrastructure and does not cease the Iranian regime's  ambition to become nuclear after 15 years. The bad deal, therefore,  ushers Iran into a nuclear club, where it can continue to test uranium  pathways and pursue illicit nuclear materials, unbeknownst to the IAEA.   President Obama entered that poorly crafted agreement using  unilateral executive authority, quite frankly, circumventing the  consent of Congress and disregarding the will of the American people.  As we have seen, this was clearly a bad deal from day one. It does not  stop Iran's path to obtaining a nuclear weapon, but, rather, paves it.   As we work in Congress to implement further sanctions against the  Iranian regime, we must work toward a strategy that protects our allies  in the Middle East and effectively prevents Iran from obtaining nuclear  weapons. We must remain vigilant against those who wish to inflict harm  on America, and stand united with our allies around the world.    Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Congressman Zeldin for his leadership.   