 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that we have a responsibility to ensure that  military veterans have access to the benefits and services that they  have earned. These men and women have had our backs, and we need to  have theirs.   We can't stand by as they endure challenges seeing doctors or getting  treatment because of management failures and unnecessary bureaucratic  barriers. Taxpayers have spent millions of dollars, tens of millions of  dollars, to identify how the VA is broken and to identify opportunities  to fix it.   The Government Accountability Office has raised specific suggestions  related to management issues, but, unfortunately, the VA has  implemented few, if any, of these solutions, and that cannot stand.   How can our Nation's veterans expect to get what they have earned if  the leaders and components of the VA are not expected to cooperate with  one another? How can they expect to see medical providers if the VA  cannot bring in or maintain talented medical professionals?   The VA Management Alignment Act is a bipartisan effort to address  these and other management problems that have real consequences on the  delivery of care to our friends, our neighbors, and to our loved ones.   Representative Newhouse and I drafted this bill with input from the  Government Accountability Office to bring an end to this disjointed and  inefficient system. The bill would require the Secretary to outline the  roles, responsibilities, and accountability measures of senior leaders  and branches of the VA and to provide Congress with a series of  legislative options to assist the Secretary in realizing positive  change.   The goal of this bill is to help Congress and the administration work  together to fix these problems. The goal of this bill is to make sure  veterans get the care and the benefits that they have earned.   I would like to thank Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz for their  leadership and support in moving this bill forward. I would like to  thank my colleague from California (Mr. Takano) for his help as well.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to help us align the  VA into a system that can deliver on our Nation's responsibilities to  our military veterans.   