 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas, the  chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and  especially for sponsoring this legislation, the HONEST Act.   As the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee on the Science  Committee, I fully support this bill that will require EPA regulations  be based on science that is publicly available. The HONEST Act pushes  forward the basic principles of the scientific method, which is  critically important in instances in which science and Federal  Government policy intersect.   Regulations put forward by the EPA impact all Americans, including my  constituents in the East Valley of the Greater Phoenix area, the four  cities of Chandler, Gilbert, Queen Creek, and Mesa. So it is imperative  that the citizens of this country be able to see the data that underpin  these rules. What is even more important is that the scientific  community be able to scrutinize EPA data to ensure that the Agency is  using the best available science, regardless of the administration.   Critics of the HONEST Act claim that scientific data underpinning  EPA's regulations are already subject to the standards of peer review.  While this may be true, peer review of scientific studies is not  adequate because this process seldom involves a close scrutiny of the  data used in these studies. Peer review rarely double-checks the  analysis, and very rarely does it attempt to actually replicate the  results of a study. Right now, we can only hope that the individuals  conducting the science can be trusted with their results.   The EPA should promote the use of rigorous science, not questionable  science. Those who say that peer review is adequate are misguided. The  American people deserve better than that, and the HONEST Act ensures  that their expectations are met.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues who are interested in an open and  honest EPA to pass this legislation.   Again, I thank Chairman Smith for bringing this legislation forward  and giving me the opportunity to speak.   