 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am happy to announce that soon I will be  introducing legislation that reauthorizes several critical provisions  to help fight human trafficking and bring us one step closer to ridding  our country of this heinous crime.   The Abolish Human Trafficking Act is chiefly a bill about getting  human trafficking victims the help they need by focusing on ways to  support them as they rebuild their lives. To me, one of the most  shocking things about this terrible crime that victims of human  trafficking need most is a safe place to live because without that,  they will not be able to escape the people who have enslaved them, nor  will they be able to begin the steps of the long road to recovery.   This legislation reauthorizes the Justice Department's Domestic  Trafficking Victims' Fund, which we established when we passed the  Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, a bill I authored that was  signed into law last Congress. This fund--like a crime victims  compensation fund--provides critical resources to help victims get the  services they need to recover.   Part of the fund is financed through fines collected on convicted  traffickers. It is a clear way we can use these fines to do some good.  Last year, the fund provided almost $5 million in victims services. By  reauthorizing it, it can continue to serve more victims.   The bill also empowers victims by permanently reauthorizing the Human  Trafficking Advisory Council--a group of survivors who annually advise  the government on ways to combat this crime and lend a hand.   This bill goes a long way to help victims who should be at the  forefront of any of our conversations about human trafficking. There is  also no question that our Nation's law enforcement officials need more  support to track down the perpetrators of this crime and bring them to  justice. Certainly, law enforcement needs more training to better equip  them to serve victims too. This bill also does that.   It requires the Department of Homeland Security to implement  screening protocols across law enforcement anti-trafficking task  forces. One of the hardest things about human trafficking may be, in  fact, being able to identify that it is occurring when it occurs right  in front of your eyes.   This training will impact the work of law enforcement at the Federal,  State, and local levels. That way, law enforcement at every level of  government can learn how to better spot trafficking victims and will  have the adequate training to connect victims to the services they need  in order to recover.   The legislation will also direct the Department of Health and Human  Services to continue a pilot program to train healthcare providers  about human trafficking. Healthcare providers, after all, are likely to  come in contact with human trafficking victims as well, and they need  to know the telltale signs that will alert them so they can report this  to the appropriate authorities.   I have noted before that so much of the battle is about educating  professionals but not just professionals. I would say all of us as  ordinary citizens need to be on the lookout for signs of human  trafficking.   Sadly, I learned a few years ago, when the Super Bowl was held in  Texas, that one of the premier trafficking events in the Nation each  year  [[Page S3110]]  is the Super Bowl, sad and as tragic as that sounds.   There is a role for all of us to play as regular citizens in  identifying the telltale signs of human trafficking, and then when we  see something wrong, to say something about it so hopefully they can be  investigated.   Through pilot programs like this one, my hope is that more people  will better understand it. The more people who understand trafficking  and its warning signs, the more we can do to help those trapped in this  modern-day slavery.   The legislation will also give law enforcement more resources to  target criminal street gangs who profit from human trafficking. They  view human beings as just another commodity that they can make money  from, and going after criminal street gangs who profit from human  trafficking is really important. We would also enhance the penalties  for several human trafficking-related offenses as well.   Finally, the Abolish Human Trafficking Act will improve and update  the national strategy to fight human trafficking across the country by  requiring the Department of Justice to add a demand reduction  component. This will build on legislation passed in the last Senate by  a vote of 99 to 0, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act.   I know by reading the newspaper and watching TV, people think nothing  happens in Washington that is truly nonpartisan or bipartisan in  nature. This is an example of why that is wrong. Certainly, this is a  cause that every Member of the Senate can get behind, and there is no  reason we shouldn't be able to pass this legislation soon with similar  strong bipartisan, literally overwhelming bipartisan support.   I am grateful to our friend and the chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, Chairman Grassley, for his focus on doing all we can for  victims of human trafficking. In addition to his support for the  Abolish Human Trafficking Act, I know he also plans to introduce  complementary anti-trafficking legislation, the Trafficking Victims  Protection Act.   I am hopeful both bills will be considered soon so we can prove the  Senate is united in our opposition to human trafficking and so we can  lend more support to the victims who so desperately need it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   