 Mr. Speaker, I respectfully request unanimous consent to  bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Michigan DREAMers like  Jonathan, who aspires one day to help the SpaceX and NASA space  programs.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is quite simple. It would add  $100 million to the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, which is a  really important initiative that supports homeownership, supports  housing opportunities for people living in America's communities. It  literally puts a roof over the head of many Americans. Thirty-five  percent of low-income renters right now are unable to find affordable  housing. This is not a time to cut this essential program.   Since 2004, Congress has cut this program in half, cutting over $1  billion. We really need to focus more of our attention in how we create  more stable communities, more stable neighborhoods, and housing is  essential to that, and the HOME program is essential to housing.   Too many communities, too many cities and towns are struggling to  hold themselves together. This is one really tangible way that the  Federal Government can help those communities.   I have spoken to the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Diaz-Balart,  and I know he supports the HOME program. He has agreed to work with me  to ensure that the final bill has robust funding for the HOME program,  so I greatly appreciate the opportunity to work with him.   Mr. Chairman, I yield to Mr. Diaz-Balart for any remarks that he  might have.    Mr. Chairman, I will close. I know the chairman and the  ranking member support this. I urge all of my colleagues, when this  eventually comes back before us, to support robust funding.   Mr. Chairman, I will withdraw my amendment and count on the fact that  we will work together to make sure that this program is fully  supported.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time and withdraw my  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support my amendment, which is included  in this en bloc amendment, that would add $20 million for the Staffing  for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grants, also better known as  SAFER grants. These are critical grants that basically help keep  communities safe.   Right now, in my hometown of Flint and in Saginaw, just up the road,  we have 48 additional firefighters solely because of these grants.  During the recess, I was able to go to these fire stations, sit down  especially with the new firefighters that have been hired, and talk to  them about what it means for them to serve our community and to see  some of the new equipment that they are able to have. This makes our  communities safer.   It is particularly special to me because my grandfather was a fire  chief. He was actually the first fire chief of Flint Township. I  learned about service to community by seeing what he did to protect the  community that we grew up in.   This program supports safety in those communities. Without it, our  citizens are less safe. I am pleased that this amendment was included  in the en bloc amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  [[Page H7074]]        