 Mr. Speaker, in Thomas Friedman's latest book, he gives  this anecdote that I believe helps to define the world that we live in  today. He says that in 1999, the world's strongest supercomputer was  the size of a tennis court, and the power to power that supercomputer  could power the equivalent of 800 homes. Fast forward to 2005 or 2006,  and that same computing power was found in the Sony PlayStation.   Think about that for a second. Each one of us has the same computing  power of the world's strongest nation-state just 20 years ago. If we  don't see how that affects business, national security, public policy,  or education, then we are already behind.   Throughout its history, America has faced struggles that define a  generation. Economic depressions, world wars, dying industries, and new  technologies have changed the way that we view and respond to the new  period. For this digital native generation growing up now, and for the  foreseeable future, the first challenge for them will be education.   Now, education and lifelong learning are not only requirements in  this changed world, they are the difference between failure or success,  hopelessness or optimism, pessimism or ambition. Our children are and  will grow up in a fast world, faster than ours, very different, and a  blurring reality between the physical and virtual worlds. We need a  revolution in the way that we educate our Nation.   By 2020, there will be 1 million more computing jobs than graduates.  This gap represents $500 billion that our children will never see  because they were never taught, and that gap is only growing, and it is  growing larger. Right now, only one out of four schools in America  teaches computer science. Low-income and rural students have even less  access.   Now, you don't have to be able to view the future to see the writing  on the wall. As the education gap widens, the American Dream shrinks.  We as Members of Congress have a duty and responsibility to reject that  path for our country and help and lead to chart a new course for our  American future. Ninety percent of parents want computer science taught  in their kids' schools. This resolution today calls for exactly that.   I am grateful for the support of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, Representatives Lipinski, Fleischmann, and Kilmer, as we stand  together to help bring computer  [[Page H10154]]  science education to classrooms across America.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for and support this  important measure, H. Con. Res. 95.   