 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1302 as provided  for under the previous order.    Mr. President and colleagues, later this morning, the  Senate will be voting on the amendment I am offering to strike what are  known as reconciliation instructions from the budget proposal.   The reason I will be focused this morning on that is that it is  absolutely key that we pass this amendment in order to get bipartisan  tax reform. The fact is that reconciliation is an on-ramp to the most  partisan process around, and the history of successful tax reform is in  our working in a bipartisan way. For example, that is what the late  President Reagan worked to do in 1986 with a whole host of Democrats,  and they came up with a lot of very important, bold, progressive ideas.  They chose to actually treat income from a wage in the same way as one  would treat income from investments so as to send, in one fell swoop, a  message that working-class people would get a fair shake, that the tax  law was not about the 1 percent back then but that it was about  working-class people. The middle class drives 70 percent of the  American economy. They were not talking about massive tax handouts to  big corporations and the wealthy; they were talking about the fact  that, in our country, economic success is built around a thriving  middle class--a middle class that can buy homes and cars and educate  kids and pay for essentials.   What troubles me so much about these reconciliation instructions that  would allow for a $1.5 trillion net tax cut is that it is just the  opposite of the kind of approach that Ronald Reagan and the Democrats  used in 1986. It is going to polarize us rather than bring us together.   I think that is particularly important right now, given the meeting  that was held at the White House yesterday that I attended along with a  number of Democratic colleagues on the Finance Committee, because at  that meeting Democrats made it very clear to the President of the  United States that we think that the Tax Code is broken, that it is a  broken, dysfunctional mess. We described the letter we sent that lays  out our principles that tax reform should focus not on the 1 percent  but on the middle class and not savage Medicare and Medicaid and Social  Security, which are our essential retirement programs.   What was striking about the discussion was that the President said: I  agree with you on all of those things. He said: Tax cuts should not go  for people like me. I want help for the middle class, and I don't want  to cut Medicare and Social Security. I made the point--I hope  respectfully, Mr. President. I said: Unfortunately, there is a big gap  between the administration's rhetoric on this and the reality of what  is really on paper. That is why it is so important that we strike these  reconciliation instructions and make it clear from the get-go that we  are going to get tax reform right, that we are not just going to kind  of utter these sort of sound bites and rhetorical plights and speeches,  as the discussions go out from various administration officials, and we  actually focus on what it is going to take to do bipartisan tax reform.    The President agreed with the principles that Democrats talked about  yesterday. It is very different when you see it on paper, and I want to  talk a little bit about what is actually on paper.   First, the Trump tax plan creates a massive new loophole, the Grand  Canyon of all loopholes, by twisting and abusing what is known as tax  passthroughs. It used to be that the tax passthrough was for a store or  a restaurant or a garage. You see them all over Oregon. You see them  all over America. Those are the people for whom we ought to be working  together to give a boost to. That is not what is on paper. What is on  paper is very different, and it is very different than what the  President said yesterday he wanted.   For example, on paper is a new loophole that would allow tax cheats  to self-declare as passthroughs, rake in income, and pay a much lower  rate. It is a tax change that is deeply slanted toward what I call the  top of the top--not just the 1 percent but the top of the top. Eighty- eight percent of the benefits of this kind of passthrough rate cut  would go to those at the very top, according to recent analyses, the  top 1 percent and those even more affluent. It opens the door for tax  cheats to dodge paying into Social Security and Medicare like every  hard-working wage earner in America. This would leave a lot of those  programs that are lifelines for working families a lot worse off than  they are today and that, too, is something the President said he didn't  want.   Next, apropos again of the most affluent the President said he didn't  want to help, is the estate tax. Here, there is a proposal in the  administration's plan to abolish the estate tax. Let's make sure  everybody understands who is affected by that. The tax today touches  estates worth more than $11 million, $5.5 million for a single  individual--a tiny fraction of all the estates in the country.  Eliminating the estate tax isn't a policy change that has anything to  do with helping the middle class. It is entirely about helping the  megawealthy--exactly the people the President told us yesterday he  didn't want to help.   The Finance Committee Democratic staff put out a report last week  that looked at some of the worst schemes and dodges that are used by  the megawealthy to avoid paying estate tax. There is a cottage industry  of crafty lawyers and accountants who have made careers out of gutting  the estate tax by engineering billion-dollar tax shelters for the 1  percent. So the estate tax is already full of loopholes, but this  administration isn't interested in closing them even after the Treasury  Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin, admitted just the other day that it goes mostly  to the people at the very top.   So there is a common thread in these proposals. There is a common  thread in this debate that is driven by partisanship and  reconciliation, which is why I want to strike those instructions. What  is actually on paper--not what is said in the speeches or in sound  bites and the like--is that the Republican plan doesn't close the most  egregious loopholes. It enshrines them as permanent features in our tax  law. That is contrary to what the President said he wanted to do, and  it certainly isn't a tax recipe focused on the middle class.   One of the individuals who has been most out in front of the cameras  selling the Trump tax plan to the public is the Treasury Secretary. A  few weeks ago, the Secretary doubled down on the failed experiment that  tax cuts pay for themselves. Forget the history that shows that isn't  true. Secretary Mnuchin said the Trump tax cuts will not just pay for  themselves, they will raise an additional trillion dollars in revenue  on top of their own costs. The fact is, there is no magical growth  fairy, no unicorns, no kind of growth fairies that are going to somehow  spring to life if this tax cut plan becomes law, but Secretary Mnuchin,  our Treasury Secretary, keeps going back to the unicorns, keeps going  back to rainbow economics.   What is striking is, I asked the Republican economist--the economist  chosen by our friend and distinguished chairman Orrin Hatch--who came  before the Finance Committee the other day about whether tax cuts pay  for themselves, and the Republican economist chosen by the Republicans  on the Finance Committee, those Republicans' economist acknowledged  that tax cuts don't pay for themselves.   There have been some other whoppers about the Republican plan, at  least what is again written down on paper. Secretary Mnuchin said it is  very hard not to give tax cuts to the wealthy with tax cuts to the  middle class. That is one stunner of a statement: It is very hard not  to give tax  [[Page S6595]]  cuts to the wealthy. In the same interview, he delivered what sounded  like a real ultimatum; that if the Congress doesn't pass this plan so  tilted to the megawealthy, oh, boy, it is going to be tough times on  Wall Street. You have to appreciate the eye-popping honesty, but the  ideas behind what the Treasury Secretary is talking about on tax reform  pretty much leave your jaw on the floor. If that is where the  administration has trained its focus, as far as tax reform is  concerned, the middle class is in tough straits.   In my judgment, this is yet another reason the Senate should reject  using reconciliation for taxes and support my amendment. The fact is,  the Congress has never used reconciliation to write a comprehensive tax  reform bill. There is a template for comprehensive tax reform that has  been proven to work, and I have mentioned it already. It is the one  initiated by President Reagan, a big group of Democrats, a culmination  of years of bipartisan work. What we saw was real bipartisanship, which  I define as not taking each other's bad ideas but taking each other's  good ideas. The bill was considered under regular order, it was debated  in the Finance Committee and on the Senate floor for months, and it was  open to unlimited amendments and passed the Senate by a vote of 97 to  3. That is the kind of bipartisan process we would like to see.   Democrats have made it clear, and we made it clear again yesterday,  that we think the Tax Code is broken, that we have heard the  President's comments about how he wants to help the middle class and  not the wealthy, that he understands how strongly we feel about  protecting Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, but the fact is-- and this is the heart of the challenge--there is a big gap right now  between what the President says his priorities are and what is actually  written down on paper. That is the challenge, and we are not going to  be able to address that challenge, in my view, by signing up for more  partisanship, for taking the most partisan route on tax reform.   What we ought to be doing is saying that we all agree the Tax Code is  broken; we all understand the key is helping the middle class, not more  handouts for the top of the top, the 1 percent; that we are sensitive  to long-term costs because we don't want to pass those off to our  children. Doing that is best going to be accomplished by saying that as  we move now to the actual consideration of tax reform, we reject  partisan approaches like reconciliation, and we come together. I know  we can do it.   The fact is, what the President says when he speaks about this  subject is in line with the principles in the Democrats' letter. What  we have talked about doesn't even go as far as what President Reagan  did in 1986. What is in the Democrats' letter tracks a bipartisan piece  of legislation that several colleagues here have been part of,  including one in the President's Cabinet now.   We can do bipartisan tax reform that is good for our country. We  shouldn't make it a lot harder to accomplish that goal by including  these partisan reconciliation instructions in the budget proposal. That  is why I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to strip these  reconciliation instructions when we vote on my amendment later in the  morning.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, how much time remains on our side?    Mr. President, yesterday I was at a meeting with the  President at the White House, along with several members from both  sides of the Senate Finance Committee. I said to the President flatout  that Democrats agree that the Tax Code is a broken, dysfunctional mess.  Finance Democrats yesterday laid out to the President our principles  for reform, focusing on the middle class--not 1 percent--and being  fiscally responsible so that Congress doesn't turn around and look at  gutting safety-net programs such as Medicare and Medicaid or Social  Security.   I think it would be fair to say that a whole lot of ears in that room  perked up when the President said: Hey, I am for those kinds of things.  The President talked to us about wanting help for the middle class. He  said that this is not supposed to be about people like him, and he said  that he doesn't want to shred the safety net.   Unfortunately, as I have indicated, there are gaps as wide as Crater  Lake among all of the administration's statements, the rhetoric about  taxes, and the reality of what is actually written down on paper about  its tax cut plan. The Republican plan--this administration's plan,  which actually is written down on paper, doesn't resemble what the late  President Reagan accomplished in partnership with Democrats in 1986.  Back then, the two sides brought their best ideas forward and passed  major tax reform built around the idea that America is strongest when  the middle class is prospering. What is on paper today is just an  enormous gift to the top of the top--the most fortunate special  interests.   I hope the Senate, in a few minutes, will vote for my amendment to  strike the reconciliation instructions from the budget because budget  reconciliation is exactly the kind of partisan process, at least for  taxes--especially for taxes, given the importance of taxes in this  particular budget--budget reconciliation is exactly the kind of  approach that President Reagan rejected in 1986.   I hope my colleagues will support my amendment, striking the  reconciliation instructions from the budget. Senate Democrats have  outlined our principles for reform.     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an additional  30 seconds.    Mr. President, very quickly, the principles that the  Senate Democrats have laid out in our letter are very much in line with  what the President says he wants. Now what we have to do is to have a  bipartisan process to advance it. You do not get that with  reconciliation. I hope the Senate supports my amendment.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I think I have made the case.   To my colleagues, what the American people have told us--and they  certainly said this during this last work period--is that they  understand that the big challenges in this country require bipartisan  approaches. That is what President Reagan understood when he brought  together Democrats and Republicans for comprehensive tax reform.   We need to pass this amendment to strike the reconciliation  instructions from the budget because they send all of the wrong signals  with respect to tax reform.   The American people understand what it takes to tackle big issues.  They understand that tax reform should be about the middle class. It  should not be about the 1 percent, and it should not be about causing a  huge, new sea of red ink.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to strike the  reconciliation instructions from the budget.    Madam President, I rise in strong opposition to the Capito  amendment. More than half the taxpayers claiming the State and local  deduction make less than $100,000. These hard-working, middle-class  folks are not going to appreciate Congress double-taxing them.   The fact is, the Capito amendment is Washington lingo that would  produce a Republican tax plan that hits the middle class, yet again,  with more taxes. Under Capito, you could again have one hand giveth and  the other hand taketh away. You might have the Republicans say let's  double the standard deduction, but then when those middle-class folks  lose their deduction for State and local taxes and their personal  exemptions, they are in a big hole.   Reject this amendment, reject sleight-of-hand tax policy and those  approaches like this that hurt hard-working, middle-class families.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this amendment provides reconciliation  instructions to three Senate committees for the purpose of repealing  and replacing the Affordable Care Act; in effect, rerunning the same  bad movie the Senate has now seen three times. By now, Americans  understand what these partisan Republican healthcare bills have in  store for the middle class: higher premiums, worse healthcare, and a  safety net in tatters.   I will close by saying that there is now a desire on both sides of  the aisle to set aside this my-way-or-the-highway approach to  governing. Bipartisanship is about taking each other's good ideas, and  I believe the Senate can work together to lower people's premiums.   This amendment is a vote to look for more partisan ideological  trophies when the Senate ought to be working together to find common  ground.   I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment.   