 Mr. Speaker, this bill wrongfully endorses political  interference with professional law enforcement leaders. With no legal  authority, both President Trump and his Texan look-alike, Governor Greg  Abbott, want to deny funds and intimidate  [[Page H5253]]  local governments, who rightfully refuse to place politics above public  safety.   I will tell my Republican colleague from Georgia, and his colleagues,  that the only lawlessness that exists here is the lawlessness of  President Trump in trying to do this to such an extent that a Federal  court order stopped him. And they will also, I believe, stop Governor  Abbott on his outrageous Senate Bill 4.   Our police chiefs in San Antonio and in Austin, our courageous  Sheriff, Sally Hernandez, like many law enforcement professionals from  Texas to New Jersey, they say that maintaining the trust and confidence  of the immigrant community to report crime, to be witnesses concerning  crime, that this makes us all safer--immigrant and nonimmigrant alike.   Any proper arrest warrant presented by ICE will be honored  everywhere. Detainers, which are merely a bureaucratic message saying  the bureaucracy is suspicious of someone who should be imprisoned based  on that suspicion, will not be kept imprisoned--and Federal courts have  said they should not be--under the Constitution.   I would say that the only sanctuary that this bill provides is a  sanctuary for prejudice. It is a sanctuary that defies the reality of  the America we have today, particularly in the Southwest.   We should reject this bill and affirm welcoming cities, like mine,  that are a refuge from anti-immigrant hysteria, but have a strong  commitment to safety and to effective law enforcement, and looking to  our local law enforcement, not political interference from Washington  telling us how to protect our families.   This very week, four years ago, an overwhelming bipartisan United  States Senate majority approved comprehensive immigration reform. And  like the amendments that are being blocked today, these House  Republicans were so fearful that that bill might become law that they  will not even permit us to even debate it four years later on the floor  of this House.   Instead of this anti-immigrant hysteria, instead of this sorry piece  of legislation, what we need is broad immigration reform, and we need  it now.   