 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from New  Hampshire before she leaves the floor for her statement on the  Affordable Care Act. I know she made reference to the recent report  from the Congressional Budget Office that we just received, and it  tells the whole story. It tells us all we need to know about TrumpCare  2--the second attempt by the Republicans to replace the Affordable Care  Act. What it tells us in the starkest terms is exactly the reason why  the Republicans didn't want to wait around for this analysis.   For the record, the Congressional Budget Office is a nonpartisan  agency of the Federal Government that analyzes our great ideas and  tells us what is going to happen if they become law. I know this agency  pretty well because  [[Page S3126]]  when we wrote the Affordable Care Act, we waited and waited and waited,  sometimes weeks at a time, until some bright idea that we thought we  had was analyzed in the cold reality of healthcare in America.  Sometimes they came back and said good idea, and many times they came  back and said bad idea.   The Republicans passed TrumpCare 2 in the House about 3 weeks ago and  wouldn't wait for the Congressional Budget Office analysis. We thought  to ourselves, that is unusual. That is the standard everybody uses in  Congress. They wouldn't wait because they knew what was coming, and  today it was announced.   This afternoon, here is what the Congressional Budget Office said  about the Republican attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Next  year, under the Republican plan, 14 million Americans would lose their  health insurance. How about that for a starter. That is the starting  point of their analysis. Over the next 10 years, 23 million Americans  would lose their health insurance. Next year, premiums--the cost of  health insurance--would increase 20 percent in the individual market.  The CBO affirms that under current law--the Affordable Care Act--the  marketplaces are stable. However, under the Republican repeal bill,  one-sixth of the population resides in parts of America where the  individual market would become unstable beginning in the year 2020.   There will be $834 billion in cuts in Federal Medicaid Programs over  the next decade. Do we know what those cuts mean? In my State, half the  children born are covered by Medicaid. The mothers get prenatal care so  the babies are healthy--paid for by Medicaid. The delivery is paid for  by Medicaid. The postnatal care of that little infant is paid for by  Medicaid.   That is not the most expensive part of Medicaid in my State and in  most States. The most expensive part is for your mom and your  grandmother in the nursing home. That is where most of Medicaid money  goes. Two-thirds of it goes to those folks in nursing homes who have no  other source of income, not to mention the disabled who count on  Medicaid.   What the Congressional Budget Office tells us is that the Republican  plan is going to devastate Medicaid across the United States. Which of  the groups I just mentioned do we think we can toss overboard--babies  born to low-income mothers, or the elderly who have no place to turn  and have exhausted their savings and are living in nursing homes, or  the disabled who need the help of Medicaid on a regular basis? Those  are the casualties of this Republican repeal plan, not to mention the  fact that the real driving force behind these terrible healthcare  decisions is a tax cut for the wealthiest people in America.   This is from the Congressional Budget Office again: $88 billion in  tax cuts for the superwealthy and big businesses, including drug  companies.    I am happy to yield.    I am happy to yield.    I am happy to yield.    Mr. President, through the Chair, in response to the  Senator from New Hampshire, they are equally disastrous.   Listen to these quotes from the Congressional Budget Office this  afternoon about the Republican repeal plan: ``People who are less  healthy, including those with preexisting conditions, would ultimately  be unable to purchase comprehensive individual market insurance at  premiums comparable to those under current law if they could purchase  it at all.''   Listen to this. It goes on to say: ``In particular, out-of-pocket  spending on maternity care and mental health and substance abuse  services could increase by thousands of dollars in a given year for the  individual market enrollees who use those services.''   Let me bring this home to your State. Your State has been  devastated--our State has been hurt badly--your State has been  devastated by the opioid crisis. I would like the Senator from New  Hampshire, if she would, to respond to that by giving us some detail.  What they are saying is that the Republican repeal of the Affordable  Care Act is going to deny coverage in health insurance for substance  abuse treatment for families whose kids are discovered to be on  opioids.   I yield through the Chair without yielding the floor to the Senator  from New Hampshire to describe her challenge in New Hampshire.    That is what the Congressional Budget Office reports.   So we have these discussions on the floor--and the Senator from New  Hampshire has been in the middle of them because of her State's  experience with opioids--and both parties come together and wring their  hands and say: What are we going to do about the opioid-heroin crisis  in America? And we have come up with some good ideas. But here we have  the Republican effort repealing the Affordable Care Act, which cuts the  legs out from under all of our efforts because it takes away from  families' Medicaid coverage that they are using for drug treatment, as  well as coverage in their health insurance plans.    That is exactly what the Congressional Budget Office  reports to us.   This afternoon we had a press conference and we invited four or five  families to come in with their kids. The theme of the press conference  was, what is going to happen if your child has a preexisting condition?   Well, there were some amazing little kids there and some heroic moms  and dads telling the story about what happens when you discover that  your little infant has a cantaloupe-sized tumor from neuroblastoma and  what happens for that family, what happens to that infant. Thank  goodness those kids were all standing there smiling. They fought the  good fight, and they have to continue to fight it, and each and every  one of them is branded as having a preexisting condition. Back in the  old days, before the Affordable Care Act, that meant those families  were unable to buy health insurance, or if they could buy it, they  couldn't afford it because the premiums were too high. So we passed the  Affordable Care Act and said: Enough. We are not going to allow you to  discriminate against anyone for a preexisting condition.   If you have a spouse with diabetes, if you have somebody in your  family who is a cancer survivor, they can't use it against you. They  can't discriminate. Now the Congressional Budget Office tells us what  is going to happen to those people. We are going back to the bad old  days when those families will not only have to stay awake at night  [[Page S3127]]  worrying about whether that baby of theirs is going to survive, they  are going to stay awake at night also worrying about how in the world  they are going to pay for their health insurance.   Is that the Republican answer? Is that Trumpism at work when it comes  to healthcare in America? I can't believe the American people voted for  that. I can't believe they are saying to our Republican colleagues: We  really don't care if our health insurance covers preexisting  conditions. Of course they care.   They come back with something called high-risk pools. I am sure the  Senator from New Hampshire can remember those. Let me tell you about  some of those warnings around swimming pools that say: No diving, the  pool is too shallow. Well, the high-risk pools for preexisting  conditions are way too shallow. No family with preexisting conditions  should dive into those pools because the amount of money provided for  by the Republicans in their affordable care repeal would only cover  about one out of four families with preexisting conditions. Three out  of four families: You are on your own.   Think about that. If you have ever been in a position in life where  you are a parent with a sick child and have no health insurance, you  will never forget it as long as you live. I know because I have been  there. When I was a law student with a little baby who was sick, I had  no health insurance. I will never forget it as long as I live.   Why don't the Republicans hear the same message we hear? Why aren't  they listening to these families and the struggles they are going  through to keep their kids alive? And they come up with a repeal plan  that is going to make it exceedingly difficult--in some cases  impossible--to provide quality care to these kids and to people with  preexisting conditions. That, to me, is not our responsibility.   I go to the conclusion of the Senator from New Hampshire, which I  think is the right one. Is the Affordable Care Act perfect? No. It is  one of the most important and I think the most giving bills I have ever  voted for, but it is far from perfect. We should be sitting down with  the other side of the aisle--Republicans and Democrats--not to repeal  the Affordable Care Act but to make sure we make the repairs that make  a difference.   Each one of us has a list of things we would like to see addressed.  The cost of premiums are too high in the individual market. Let's  address that directly, and we should. The fact that pharmaceutical  drugs don't have any regulation or control in terms of pricing is just  plain wrong. And third--I will just put on my agenda--I think every  American should have the option of a public option plan like Medicare.  You can decide if that is right for you or your family, but a not-for- profit plan based on Medicare should be available to every American no  matter where you live. Those are the three things I would put on the  table right away. To walk away from coverage for 23 million Americans  and to endanger the coverage for those who remain with premiums they  can't afford is hardly humane and hardly consistent with American  values.    So I thank the Senator from New Hampshire for her contribution in  this. We have to get the message out.    If I may also say, I agree completely that discriminating  against veterans should hardly be the starting point for the reform of  our healthcare system.   I want to make this point because I know exactly what the first  speech will be from the Republican side of the aisle. This point in the  Congressional Budget Office affirms that under current law insurance  marketplaces are stable. They are stable. That isn't what you will hear  from the other side of the aisle. The other side of the aisle loves to  use the phrase ``death spiral,'' that the current healthcare system in  America is in a death spiral.   The only death spiral in the current healthcare system is brought on  because the Republicans have their hands around the throat of that  system and they are choking it. Their sabotage of our current  healthcare system is the reason there is uncertainty in the insurance  markets. The insurance companies told us that this week: We don't know  where you are going in Washington. We don't know what the future will  hold. We have an obligation to our shareholders and people who work for  us to make sure we protect ourselves. So we are going to hold back in  terms of commitment.   So to the Republicans I would say: This is no death spiral. This is a  self-fulfilling prophecy to bring down our healthcare system, and shame  on those who would do it at the expense of vulnerable populations  across America.   I will mention one other group while the Senator from New Hampshire  is on the floor. The Illinois Hospital Association roundly opposes this  Republican TrumpCare bill. The reason they do is they say it endangers  smalltown hospitals--and we have a lot of them in our State--and inner- city hospitals as well. I am sure that is the case in New Hampshire.    I am sure, in the Senator's State, like in our State of  Illinois, there are larger cities with big hospitals that treat all  kinds of cases, but were it not for that safety net of hospitals in  small towns, these people living there would drive an extra 50 or 100  miles to get to a hospital and would see the loss of critical services  for trauma and emergencies that currently exist with these smalltown  hospitals.   According to the Illinois Hospital Association and others, the first  casualties of the Republican repeal bill--the first casualties of  TrumpCare--it is estimated in Illinois that we will lose 60,000  healthcare jobs at our hospitals because of the Republican approach.  How important are these jobs? I will go out on a limb: In most  communities, they are the best paying jobs in the community. The men  and women who are the doctors and the nurses and the specialists who  provide that basic care in these towns, sure, they get compensated  better than most, but we want to compensate them and keep them there  because without them, people don't have the basic health services they  count on.   So from every perspective, whether it is the doctors, the nurses, the  pediatricians, substance abuse treatment, hospitals and clinics, the  Republican approach to repealing ObamaCare--repealing the Affordable  Care Act--is devastating, and the Congressional Budget Office put it in  writing today.   I might say, we should close by saying what is happening in the  Senate after the House passed this terrible bill, which the  Congressional Budget Office told us about. Well, we don't know. It is a  mystery. We would have expected that someone in the Senate would have  decided: Let's put a bill on the table, let's have an open public  hearing, let's have a debate about where we go, and let's make a good,  sound decision that is in the best interests of the American families.  That is not the case at all.   Instead, the Republican leader in the Senate has chosen 12 or 13 men  to sit in  [[Page S3128]]  a room outside of the view of the public and to craft an alternative to  the terrible bill that passed the House. Nobody has seen it, nobody  wants to talk about it. It has not been scored. It has not been  debated. That is their idea of reforming healthcare in America. That is  not going to work--at least not going to work for the best interests of  the families I represent.   If we are going to come together on a bipartisan basis to repair and  strengthen the Affordable Care Act, let's do it, but let's do it in the  light of day, instead of hiding behind the doors of some room with 13  Senators who have been given this blessing, anointed, to try to come up  with a new healthcare system for America. That, to me, is inconsistent  with our responsibility--our public responsibility--when it comes to  this critical issue.   So I thank the Senator from New Hampshire for her input on this.  There will be more to be said.    I agree with that. Also, as the Senator from New  Hampshire knows better than anybody, originally being a woman was a  preexisting condition.    I agree with that. Also, as the Senator from New  Hampshire knows better than anybody, originally being a woman was a  preexisting condition.    It would disqualify you or raise your premiums because  you are a woman. We got rid of that gross discrimination against women  when we did the Affordable Care Act. We shouldn't have a similar level  of discrimination when it comes to writing any improvement in this  Affordable Care Act.   This is a big enough Senate and a big enough place for us to all  gather around the table and make sure we do this in the best interests  of all Americans, regardless of gender, regardless of background,  regardless of where you live. That is the way we should approach  something as serious as an item that accounts for $1 of every $6 in the  American economy--an item that is literally life and death for families  all across Illinois, New Hampshire, and all across the United States.   The Congressional Budget Office said it all today. It is time for us  to put Trump 2.0 to rest and try to come up with something which really  is befitting this great Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   