 Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    It is great to see my friend from Kansas on the floor and  looking forward to serving the next 6 years.   One of the things I focused on as a member of the Finance Committee  on the Affordable Care Act was the idea that we have doctors,  hospitals, and nurses who in some cases provide entirely too many tests  and procedures and so forth that are needed to treat somebody just in  order to cover--as Naval aviation used to say--our 6 o'clock. You  didn't want to have somebody come up from behind you to shoot you down.  So we talked about covering our 6 o'clock. Doctors, hospitals, and  nurses spend a lot of time covering the 6 o'clock, as my friend knows.   I am an Ohio State boy. I am going to say something nice about  Michigan, which is really out of character here. In Michigan, the  University of Michigan Medical School and hospital came up with a  policy called Sorry Works. If a doctor, hospital, or nurse made a  mistake that adversely affected a patient, they apologized. The idea  was to apologize, make up for it, make them whole, help them get well,  cover their financial costs and so forth. It is called Sorry Works. It  is a good idea.   I met a guy who is a doctor and a lawyer--a Republican--from Illinois  who took the idea of Sorry Works and he put it on steroids and they  called it Seven Pillars. It has been a great example of what actually  works to reduce the incidents of medical mistakes in hospitals and  nursing homes and also to get better health care outcomes. You reduce  medical malpractice costs, and you also get more satisfaction from the  patient side.   We have taken that idea in Delaware--Seven Pillars--at Christiana  Care, which is the big health care delivery system in our State. We  have taken that and have begun to incorporate it in the way they work.  If I am your doctor and you are my patient and I perform a procedure on  you, if you are harmed or hurt--not your fault, my fault--the idea is I  apologize. I meet with you privately--no lawyers--and apologize for  what has happened and try to make you whole. If you lost wages, if you  have pain and suffering, they pay your health care costs and make you  whole. Don't hide it. Don't put it under the rug but take full  acceptance, responsibility. That is one of the approaches being used to  try to deal with medical malpractice costs. I think it is a good one.  It is not the only good one, but it is one.   I happened to be walking through the Chamber and heard my friend  speaking, and I thought I would share that with you, with everyone.   When I was Governor of Delaware, we used to meet with my Cabinet. We  would be talking about a particular problem or challenge we faced in  Delaware. I would say to my Cabinet: Some other State or some other  Governor has actually addressed this issue. They figured out how to  deal with this this. Our challenge is to find out what works and do  more of that and to see if it can be transferred to Delaware.   Sorry Works is a Michigan idea. It morphed into Seven Pillars in  Illinois, and now it is being incorporated in my own little State in  our big health care delivery system. It is something that works. I am  not sorry that it works. I am glad that it works, and I am happy to  share it with my friend from Kansas and whoever else might be  interested.   I yield.    Madam President, if I could speak through the Chair.   I failed to mention one thing about Sorry Works, Seven Pillars, and  what we are doing in Delaware. If we have that meeting between the  patient who had been harmed, the physician and provider, and they have  the need where there is an apology and an offer to try to make the  patient whole--no attorneys involved--if the patient says no, I am not  interested in doing that, nothing that is said in that conversation  between the two of them can be used in a court of law, which I think is  an interesting approach. We are anxious to see how it works over the  next couple of years.   Ironically, I was probably the only Democrat--maybe the only member  of the Finance Committee--who was trying to get included in the  Affordable Care Act provisions dealing with medical malpractice. I had  this idea--not to let a thousand flowers bloom or ideas like that--to  figure out five or six good ideas and put them on steroids to see if  they actually work on a larger scale. I could not get a cosponsor on  the other side of the aisle, which blew my mind. It still does. I could  never understand that. In the meantime, the ideas are starting to crop  up and flourish, and, hopefully, we can find out what works and do more  of that.    Thank you.   