 Mr. President, ObamaCare has been hurting toward  collapse for years. Today it sits on the edge of a total meltdown.  Unless we do something about that, even more Americans are going to get  hurt.   These are the men and women we represent--Americans who didn't do  anything wrong and Americans who, in too many cases, have been hurt by  ObamaCare already--and we have a responsibility to help before  ObamaCare literally comes crashing down around them.   I think each of us understands this. Yet, too often, this central  fact seems to get lost amidst the din of cable news sound bites and  over-the-top attacks. Too many seem to have forgotten the pain  ObamaCare has brought to so many families over the years. Too many seem  to have forgotten that even more will be hurt if the ObamaCare status  quo is allowed to continue.   I recently shared a letter from a constituent in Lancaster who told  me about her struggle to make ends meet under ObamaCare. Here is what  she said: ``Why is there a law forcing me to pay for something I can't  afford,'' she asked. ``Either I can eat and pay my mortgage or [I can]  pay for insurance.''   I recently shared the story of a single mom from Berea, a full-time  student trying to make ends meet. When she began searching for a plan  on the ObamaCare exchanges, she told me she saw a startling picture:  high premiums and a staggering deductible.   ``At this rate,'' she wrote, ``I would honestly be better not to take  health insurance at all and hope for the best. Americans like myself  need something better.''   Premiums have been skyrocketing under ObamaCare for years now--by as  much as an average of 105 percent in the majority of the States'  Federal exchanges. Unless we act, premiums are poised to continue  skyrocketing.   Customers are now learning what they can expect next year, and the  situation is concerning. ObamaCare premiums could climb by as much as  30 percent in my State, over 40 percent in Tennessee, and over 50  percent in Georgia. Unfortunately, these States are not alone. This is  a trend we are seeing all across our country.   To make matters worse, many have been left behind with fewer options  as ObamaCare has forced insurance options literally out of the  marketplace. Unless we act, choices will continue to decline on the  exchanges, just as they have over the past several years.   I recently shared a Lexington native's account about the limited  options she found on the exchanges. Here is what she said: ``I live in  one of the three largest cities in our state, and I had two options for  insurance this year. The lowest deductible option,'' she continued,  ``was $10,000.''   I recently shared a Louisville mother's pleas for Congress to bring  relief from ObamaCare's limited options. Here is what she said:  ``Middle class Kentuckians are hurting because of ObamaCare,'' she  said. ``Residents [have] little choice for health plans and our family  is not the only one suffering from the high costs of health  insurance.''   ``I hope,'' she concluded, that ``you will push hard to fix our  healthcare system.''   This year, families in 70 percent of counties had just one or two  insurance options on ObamaCare. As a survey out just yesterday showed,  the number of uninsured grew in 2017, with nearly 2 million people  dropping ObamaCare coverage. Now we are hearing even more negative  projections for next year.   In fact, it is expected that in 2018, thousands could be left without  any ObamaCare options at all in States like Nevada and Missouri and  Ohio, while thousands more are left with just one choice, which is  really no choice at all.   A new CMS report released just a few minutes ago found that nearly 40  percent fewer insurers have filed to participate in the ObamaCare  exchanges next year. This reduction in choice is a trend we have been  seeing under ObamaCare, and it seems only to keep getting worse.   Higher prices, fewer options, diminished hope, that is the legacy of  [[Page S3874]]  ObamaCare for too many. It has been failing the American people for  years, and it will collapse around them if we fail to act.   We will not make things better if we go backward with even more  Federal control. We will not solve this problem by simply throwing more  money at it. Bandaids just will not work here. The American people  deserve solutions that finally empower them in making more of their own  decisions about their families' healthcare.   I regret that our Democratic colleagues have made clear they are not  interested in working seriously with us to pursue the types of  comprehensive reforms needed to improve healthcare for hard-working  Americans who have been hurt by this law, but the Senate Republican  conference will continue working to help these families because we  believe they deserve better than ObamaCare and its years of failures.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2:15 p.m.,  Tuesday, July 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following  leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Nye nomination; finally, that all time during  morning business, recess, adjournment, and leader remarks count  postcloture on the Nye nomination.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the  [[Page S3888]]  previous order, following the remarks of Senator Merkley.   