 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   I remind my colleague from Texas that his vote for the healthcare  bill will take away protections for 4,536,000 people with preexisting  conditions in Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I heard my colleague from Texas talk about repeal and  replace. This is the myth, the hoax, that the Republicans and the  President are trying to play on the American people. I assure you this  is repeal. There is no replacement.   The people are going to lose their insurance. They are going to pay  more. They are going to have lousy insurance because they are not going  to have any kind of protections.   We passed the Affordable Care Act because the States were not doing  the right thing. People couldn't afford insurance. They couldn't pay  for a premium. They were too high.   So what did we do? We expanded Medicaid, and we provided generous  subsidies for those people who needed it.   We also knew, under the old system where the States were in charge,  that people got lousy insurance if they  [[Page H4140]]  could even find it. Sometimes they didn't have hospitalization, so we  insisted there had to be a package that included preexisting  conditions.   We also said that, you know, if you were paying a lot for your copays  or your deductibles, we are going to put limits on those things as  well. And we put limits also on how much you can charge, what we call  ``community rating.''   Now, what are the Republicans doing here today? They are getting rid  of all that. They want to go back to the old days. And when they tell  you that somehow they are going to be able to do this, the reason they  can't do anything is because they repeal most of the pay-fors that pay  for the subsidies that pay for the Affordable Care Act.   So when they tell you: Oh, we are going to give extra money for this,  for high-risk pools or to help the States if they decide to have  waivers, the bottom line is there is no money left here. There is no  money to pay for those subsidies; there is no money to pay for Medicaid  expansion; there is not enough money to pay for high-risk pools because  they have repealed the underlying pay-fors that we use to pay for the  Affordable Care Act.   What they are doing now is going back to the old system, the Wild  West of the States. They are allowing States to waiver the essential  benefits package. They are saying to States that they can charge  whatever they want for the insurance because they got rid of community  ratings.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself another 15 seconds to say  this: Do not buy into this hoax. There is no money left. They want to  go back to the old system, and the old system stunk. What we did was  correct the problems of the old system. So don't believe this cruel  hoax.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Arizona that her  vote for this bill could increase premiums for people with breast  cancer in Arizona by $42,250.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Eshoo).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Kentucky that  his vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for 881,000  people with preexisting conditions in Kentucky.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gene Green),  the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is appalling what is  happening today on the House floor. It appears to be: let's just pass a  bill, no matter what it does or who gets hurt with it.   TrumpCare is nothing more than broken promises and mean-spirited  policy. It would mean higher healthcare costs for more than 24 million  hardworking Americans losing their health coverage, key protections are  gutted, older Americans are hung out to dry, the end of Medicaid as we  know it, and cuts in Medicare.   If TrumpCare passes, Americans with preexisting conditions could be  pushed off their insurance and sent in the high-risk pools that are not  affordable. High-risk insurance pools do not work when everyone in the  pool is a high risk. I was a State legislator when we did that. You  have to have high-risk pools that share the wealth, so to speak.   People will be left with soaring costs, worse coverage, and rationed  care. It is a frightening future where millions of Americans who need  affordable, dependable health care are left out in the cold.   There is an obvious, irresponsible reason why this vote is being  rammed through without even a Congressional Budget Office estimate or  an opportunity for Members to even know what is in it. They don't want  people figuring out the real-world consequences and the devastation it  means to our American families. History will not be kind to the people  who support this awful bill.   I urge my colleagues to do what is right and vote ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Texas that his  vote for this bill could increase premiums for people with diabetes in  Texas by $5,100.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms.  DeGette).   Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, the American Health Care Act was pulled  from the House floor in March because the American people realized it  was a deeply flawed bill. That bill would have ripped healthcare  coverage away from 24 million of our constituents.   For those lucky enough to maintain coverage, the bill would have  massively raised premiums, deductibles, and out-of-pocket costs. The  crushing age tax in this bill would force older adults to pay  astronomically high premiums.   So what did the majority do in the last 6 weeks? They made the bill  worse.   The MacArthur amendment lets States opt out of the essential benefits  of the ACA. Not only would this jeopardize insurance availability for  the one-third of Americans who have preexisting conditions, it would  let insurance companies deny coverage altogether for maternity, for  emergency room, for mental health, and for other essential benefits.  And because the MacArthur amendment eliminates community ratings,  everybody's insurance costs would skyrocket.   I am going to tell you something. My Republican colleagues are going  to be really, really sorry that they rushed this bill to the floor  before they got an amended CBO score. The reason is, when we do get  this--and make no mistake, we will get this--they are going to find out  that many more millions of people besides the 24 million people,  originally, who are going to lose their insurance are going to be  shocked to wake up to find out, if this TrumpCare bill passes, many  millions more will lose their coverage.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this poorly conceived legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Florida that his  vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for 3,116,000  people with preexisting conditions in Florida.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle).   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, for the past 7  years we have had 62 votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but  Republicans have never once put a plan on the floor for the American  people. Well, today, we all get a chance to go on record of where we  stand on this bill, this shameful, cruel bill.   Here are the facts: 24 million Americans are going to lose their  insurance if this bill becomes law. Over $839 billion gets cut out of  the Medicaid program. The essential benefit package in States, wiped  out. In my State, it is taking care of people with mental illness and  opioid addiction; gone. This takes $117 billion out of the Medicare  trust fund.   This is a healthcare bill--this is really a tax bill masquerading as  a healthcare bill. The plan here is to take this money out of the  healthcare system and use it for tax cuts. That is what this bill is  going to do.   This creates a survival-of-the-fittest health care for America. If  you are young, if you are healthy, if you are wealthy, this bill is for  you; you are going to do okay. But if you are old, if you are sick, if  you are poor, there is no coverage in this bill for you.   If you have a young child with cancer, guess what, those benefits  aren't going to be paid. You are going to run out of benefits.   These high-risk pools are a sham. They are not adequately funded.  This bill must be defeated. The American people will remember who votes  for this bill today.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Ohio that his  vote for this bill will take away protections for 1,919,000 people in  Ohio with preexisting conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Butterfield).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Michigan that  his vote for this bill could increase premiums for those who are  pregnant in Michigan by $13,790 per year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Matsui).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Georgia that his  vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for 1,791,000  people with preexisting conditions in Georgia.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida  (Ms. Castor), who is the vice ranking member our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from New York that  his vote for this bill will take away protections for 3,031,000 people  in New York with preexisting conditions.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from New York  (Ms. Clarke).   Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to the American Health Care Act. This dangerous and  destructive bill leaves 24 million Americans without coverage. It will  cause the uninsured rate for my district in Brooklyn, New York, to  skyrocket to over 12 percent and leaves over 400,000 Brooklynites in my  district without coverage.   Because of the severe cuts to Medicaid, this bill will also put  people in the terrible position of having to choose between being able  to eat, being able to obtain life-sustaining medication, or visiting  their doctor.   Which one do you, Mr. Speaker, suggest they choose?   For most Americans, Medicaid benefits are not the end goal but,  rather, provide temporary support. For seniors, Medicaid can mean the  difference between nursing home care and dying alone.   I urge my colleagues to consider the harmful and deadly real-life  impact of this legislation, and I vehemently oppose it. I ask that we  resist this cynical reverse Robin Hood sham that takes from the poor  and gives to the rich.   As President Lincoln said: ``You can fool some of the people all of  the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool  all of the people all of the time.'' This is a sham, and we need to  vote it down.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Florida that his  vote for this bill could increase premiums for people with asthma in  Florida by $4,090 per year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Virginia that  his vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for  1,344,000 people with preexisting conditions in Virginia.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Peters).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Lee) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.   (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I want to remind my colleague from  Tennessee that his vote could increase premiums with breast cancer in  Tennessee by $38,550 per year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Tennessee that  her vote will take away protections for 1.265 million in her State with  preexisting conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Sarbanes).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Kentucky that  his vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for 881,000  people with preexisting conditions in Kentucky.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Ruiz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. Lawrence) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.   (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to revise and extend  her remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I remind the chairman that his vote for the  healthcare bill will take away protections for 654,000 people with  preexisting conditions in Oregon.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms.  Jayapal).    Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind my chairman that he  represents more people on Medicaid expansion than any Republican in the  country, and this bill ends Medicaid expansion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms.  Kaptur).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time that remains  on both sides?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 2\3/4\  minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from South Carolina  that his vote for the healthcare bill will take away protections for  822,000 people with preexisting conditions in South Carolina.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms.  Wasserman Schultz).   Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn this  abhorrent legislation that will rip away protections from millions of  Americans. I am a breast cancer survivor. President Trump and our  Republican colleagues promised Americans like me that we would not be  discriminated against based on our preexisting conditions.   I am not sure if any Republicans actually know what it is like to  live every single day of your life waiting for the other shoe to drop,  but with this bill, you yank that peace of mind that we have with the  Affordable Care Act out from under us.   This bill would allow States to segregate sick people into separate,  inferior coverage and leave individuals exposed to catastrophic health  costs, benefit exclusions, and waiting lists. High-risk pools spin sick  people into a death spiral. Premiums go ever higher and coverage is  spotty.   I can only hope that my colleagues come to their senses before  inevitably handing so many Americans a death sentence. Make no mistake,  people will die as a result of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield my remaining time to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield my remaining time to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   