 Mr. President, it does not take a genius to see that  something is stalling the American economy. The economy has been better  lately, I think, frankly, in anticipation of the Congress's passing  these tax cuts. The fact remains that 2016 was the 11th straight year  that our economy--the greatest economy in the history of the world and  the strongest economy in the history of the world, even when it has the  flu--failed to achieve 3 percent annual growth, which has been our  average every year since 1960.   Something is wrong. The experts I have talked about tried everything.  They tried monetary policy, changing interest rates. They tried deficit  spending. Do you remember President Obama's stimulus program? The  Federal Reserve has tried quantitative easing out the wazoo. The  experts have tried everything except what they should have done first;  that is, to let the American people keep more of the money they earn,  because they can spend that money they earn better than the government  can.   We have two groups of policymakers in Washington, DC. I am sorry, but  this is what it has come down to. I am not talking about liberals or  conservatives. I am not talking about Republicans and Democrats. The  two groups I am talking about are as follows. We have one group of  policymakers in Washington who believe in more freedom, and we have  another group of policymakers in Washington who believe in more free  stuff.   I am not criticizing policymakers for wanting to help people who are  less fortunate than us. The fact of the matter is that the U.S.  taxpayers at the State and the local levels spend $1 trillion a year  helping people less fortunate than us. That money didn't just fall from  heaven. We thank heaven for it, but it came out of people's pockets. We  spend $1 trillion a year in our country helping people who are less  fortunate than us. In our country, if you are homeless, we house you.  If you are hungry, we feed you. If you are too poor to be sick, we will  pay for your doctor. I am very proud of that. I am not criticizing. In  fact, I join my colleagues in wanting to help people who are less  fortunate than us. The fact of the matter is, it takes money, and that  money is generated by the American taxpayer. The American taxpayer is  not generating very much because the American taxpayer is not making  very much.   Let me talk to you about the middle class.   I can talk about the business side of this bill, and this is going to  help every business in America. It is going to help C corps, LLCs, Sub  S corps, family farms, and single proprietorships. It is going to help  large businesswomen and businessmen, and it is going to help small  businesswomen and businessmen.   But I want to talk about the personal income tax side. This bill will  give a tax cut to just about every American. Our opponents can probably  find one or two people under certain circumstances who aren't going to  get a tax cut, but the fact remains, if you look at the numbers of the  joint committee on the budget, if you make between $20,000 and $30,000  a year on average, you are going to get a 10-percent tax cut. If you  make between $50,000 and $70,000 a year, you are going to get right  around a 7-percent tax cut. If you make $1 million or more a year, you  are going to get roughly a 5-percent tax cut. As for the middle class,  we can debate what the middle class is, but I consider the middle class  to be somewhere between $30,000 and $100,000 a year. You can pick your  own definition. They are the ones that I am concerned about the most-- not exclusively, but the most. Let me tell you what this bill is about  in terms of the middle class: this, the wallet--their wallet--because  the middle class is angry in this country, and they ought to be angry.   Every day, they say: Kennedy, I get up every day. I go to work. I  obey the law. I pay my taxes. I try to do the right thing by my  children. I try to teach my kids morals. I try to save for retirement.  But I am getting fed up.   They tell me: Kennedy, I look around, and I see a rigged economy. I  see too many undeserving people at the top getting bailouts, cutting  corners, and making deals. I see too many undeserving people at the  bottom getting handouts. I am in the middle, and I get stuck with the  bill. I can't pay it anymore, Kennedy. My health insurance has gone up,  thanks to the Affordable Care Act, and my kids' tuition has gone up. My  taxes have gone up. I will tell you what has not gone up--my income.   These are the American people, the middle class. They are busy  earning a living. They may not read Aristotle every day, but they are  smart and they get it. They know the median household income today is  basically the same as it was in 1999, and for that, every policy maker  responsible for that fact in Washington, DC, and elsewhere ought to  hide their heads in a bag.   This bill is going to fix that, and that is why it is so incredibly  important that we pass it. Yes, it is important for our business  community. Yes, it is important for the large corporations. Yes, it is  important to repatriate those trillions of dollars. But at the end of  the day, it is important primarily for ordinary people, you and me--the  people  [[Page S7238]]  who get up every day and go to work, obey the law, pay their taxes, and  made this country great. They have hurt long enough.   Mr. President, I yield to my colleague from Colorado. We call him a  silver-tongued devil because he is so eloquent.   