 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Division B of this  bill, which has bipartisan, bicameral support of the leadership of the  Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of  Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs of the Senate. It includes H.R. 4460, the ``Disaster Recovery  Reform Act'', and several other Federal Emergency Management Agency  (FEMA) bills that passed the House earlier this year.   While there are many good provisions in Division B, I will focus my  comments on a few provisions that I believe will have the most impact  in making the United States a leader in disaster recovery. Under  Division B, the Nation will be on the right track to build stronger and  more resilient communities and it will encourage better behavior before  and after disaster strikes.   We know that for every dollar invested in mitigation to make our  communities stronger before disaster strikes, the taxpayer saves $3 to  $4 in future disaster costs. Section 2036 of this bill furthers the  goal of investing in mitigation before disaster strikes by establishing  a steady funding stream for FEMA's Predisaster Mitigation (PDM)  program.   Under Section 2036, the President must provide a specific amount of  additional funding from the Disaster Relief Fund for the PDM program.  The specific amount of additional funding is equal to six percent of  the estimated amount of disaster assistance provided for each major  disaster. The President will then distribute these funds in accordance  with existing law, with a certain amount provided to each State and the  remainder made available through a competitive grant process.   Section 2036 uses language similar to language in the Robert T.  Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Stafford Act)  authorizing FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP), which is  mandatory funding provided post-disaster with each disaster  declaration. Although Section 2036 uses the term ``may'', the intent is  that FEMA will set aside funds for the PDM program, just as they do for  HMGP. We have had several bipartisan conversations with FEMA confirming  that FEMA understands the intent of this section and will interpret the  ``may set-aside'' language included in section 2036 as mandatory. The  mandatory funding for the PDM program from the Disaster Relief Fund  required under this section will provide consistency to a program with  a proven record of saving taxpayers money.   In addition, section 2036 authorizes FEMA to withdraw and  redistribute funds that remain unobligated three fiscal years after  FEMA awarded the funds to the grantee. The intent of this provision is  to provide FEMA with discretionary authority to move funding that is  not being used to States and projects that will use it. However, FEMA  is not required to withdraw these funds from grantees and shall make  these decisions on a case-by-case basis. For instance, a grantee may  have commenced work on a project or is actively working on a project  but the project is not at the point where funds need to be obligated.  In this instance, we would not expect FEMA to withdraw the funds.   In addition, while this section will apply to PDM funds awarded prior  to enactment of this Division, the intent is to give grantees three  fiscal years from the date of enactment of this Act to obligate these  funds. Grantees with existing PDM funds are now on notice that they  have three years to obligate these funds or at least be actively  working on projects that will allow those funds to be obligated shortly  thereafter.   I have noted time and time again how nonsensical it is that the  Federal Government pays to rebuild communities after a disaster to  inadequate standards only to have those facilities destroyed again by a  later disaster, with the Federal Government once again on the hook for  the cost of rebuilding. Under this legislation, this nonsense will  finally stop. Section 2037 requires communities to rebuild to the  latest consensus-based, design standards and in a more resilient  manner, thereby ensuring stronger, smarter facilities going forward.  The cycle of repeatedly rebuilding and repairing disaster-damaged  public infrastructure will end under this measure.   Although FEMA must define ``resilient'' and ``resiliency'' pursuant  to regulations within two years of the date of enactment of this Act,  FEMA is required to adopt guidance to immediately implement the  ``resiliency'' requirements of this legislation. The need for resilient  construction has become even more apparent after the 2017 disaster  season. FEMA must use this opportunity to invest taxpayer funds wisely  while saving lives and reducing injuries. FEMA has the ability to  ensure that the United  [[Page H10394]]  States leads the way in disaster recovery and I urge FEMA to seize this  moment.   Accordingly, as FEMA works to develop the definition of ``resilient''  and ``resiliency'', the agency needs to ensure that it takes into  account the extent to which the improved facilities:   reduce deaths and injuries during and after a major disaster;   sustain minimal damage allowing the facility to continue to provide  the primary function and services of the facility during and after a  natural hazard;   prepare for and withstand all hazards that could result in a major  disaster; and   reduce the magnitude or duration of a disruption to the facility's  primary function and services to a facility.   In addition, any ``resilient'' facility should be constructed:   in consideration of current and future environmental conditions based  upon the best-available science, changes in demand, and extreme weather  events;   to reduce potential disruptions to the facility, including by  building in operational redundancies, and increasing the ability of the  facility to recover more rapidly; using techniques and materials that  have the absorptive capacity, adaptive capacity, and recoverability to  withstand a potentially disruptive event;   to the maximum extent practicable, using durable and sustainable  material; and   to incorporate, to the maximum extent practicable, natural and  nature-based measures and energy efficiency improvements.   Currently, FEMA provides HMGP funds when a State receives a disaster  declaration, but HMGP funds are not provided when a State receives a  Fire Management Assistance Grant to respond to wildfires on non-Federal  lands. Unfortunately, wildfires destroy the landscape often causing  mudslides and flooding that then result in a disaster declaration.  Under Division B, States will receive HMGP funds if they have received  Fire Management Assistance Grants to respond to wildfires. With HMGP  funds, States will be able to restore landscapes and vegetation  destroyed by wildfires and make the land less susceptible to future  mudslides and floods. This legislation also clarifies that wildfire- related mitigation activities are eligible under both the PDM and HMGP  programs. Together, these provisions will help prevent wildfires and  related disasters and I commend our colleague from California (Mr.  Ruiz) for his leadership on these issues.   Division B also clarifies that earthquake-related activities are  eligible for mitigation assistance. The West Coast faces the most risk  from multiple and extreme earthquakes, and Oregon is long overdue for  an earthquake and tsunami on the Cascadia Subduction Zone. Yet, the  United States' earthquake early warning system lags behind those of  other nations. Clarifying for grantees that mitigation funds are  available for earthquake-related activities will save lives and reduce  injuries in a future disaster.   Finally, important to the State of Oregon, section 2029 clarifies  that for purposes of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), FEMA  is not responsible for privately funded actions taken by private  parties on private land. Under actions proposed by the National Marine  Fisheries Service, the entire State of Oregon would become a critical  habitat, seriously impeding economic development. The proposed  requirements, are so onerous, the State of Oregon, which already has  strict land use regulations, would have difficulty implementing them,  as they violate federal and state property rights. This provision will  help ensure that FEMA implements the NFIP in a manner that is  consistent from state-to-state and does not become a land use  regulatory agency.   I support all of these important provisions and urge their adoption.   