 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I think it is clear to people all across  America that the U.S. healthcare system needs reform. Premiums for  health insurance are going up by double digits across the country.  People living in almost half of the country only have one company  selling ObamaCare plans. Millions of people are struggling. They are  struggling to get coverage they can afford so they can get the care  they need. I will state that it is all because of the healthcare law  that the Democrats wrote and passed in Congress and inflicted upon the  American people,  [[Page S5269]]  which raised the costs for people all across the country and limited  their choices.    Today the Senator from Vermont, Mr. Sanders, and other Democrats said  they want to take this failing healthcare system even further. They  call their plan ``Medicare for all.'' Don't be fooled. They want to  take a plan that has government much more involved in the healthcare of  the American people and go much further. I don't believe it is actually  a serious plan to help fix the challenges we are facing in this  country, but it is now the new litmus test for the liberal left. If  this idea were ever to become law, it would mean worse care and it  would be outrageously expensive.   The plan the Democrats are talking about would amount to complete  Washington control over the healthcare of every man, woman, and child  in America, and taxpayers would have to pick up the tab.   Supporters of putting the Federal Government in Washington, DC, in  charge of personal healthcare decisions like to claim that this is the  way that other countries do it as well. They like to cite as an example  the United Kingdom. Well, a lot of people in the United Kingdom see  their system of nationalized healthcare entering a death spiral, and it  looks a lot like what has happened to ObamaCare.   The waiting lines in England have recently gotten a lot longer for  people waiting to get care. They are actually setting new records for  how long you have to wait in line to get care in England. For emergency  care, they have more people waiting in line in the emergency room for  12 hours or longer. Those numbers have gone up--12 hours or longer--and  it has gotten worse.   Let's say you have a chronic condition, a long-term medical  condition. To start treatment for long-term medical conditions, the  number of people having to wait 18 weeks or longer has gone up. If  Democrats get their way, the American people will have the same kinds  of delays. It is inevitable. The problem isn't just the delays. If  Washington pays all of the bills, Washington will want much tighter  control over care.   The Democrats' new scheme will come with a much more powerful  rationing board. You can see it coming. In England, the rationing of  healthcare means that certain medications are not allowed. There are  limits on things like knee and hip operations. The same thing is true  in Canada. Medical boards in some parts of the country have banned  surgeries for people who are obese or who are smokers. How do you think  that would work in the United States? Close to 40 percent of Americans  are now considered obese. Would they all be blocked from getting  operations that would help improve their health and quality of life? It  is only if the rationing board were to say so.   The British have to ration healthcare partly because of the enormous  cost of so-called free medical care. They also have a shortage of  people who actually provide the care. Since 2016, there has been a net  loss of more than 5,000 nurses and midwives across the British  healthcare system. More than a quarter of the nurses who quit cited  disillusionment over the quality of care provided to patients. Nurses  are quitting because of the poor quality of care provided to patients.  It is a great concern.   The United Kingdom ranks 20th out of 24th among Western countries for  breast cancer survival. For survival, the United States is first. If  you are a woman with breast cancer or a man with prostate cancer, your  chances of survival and successful treatment are much, much greater in  the United States than they are in Great Britain. It is not that the  doctors in this country are that much smarter. It is that people get  care sooner. There are not all these long waiting lines. But that will  happen if the plan endorsed by 15 Democrats in the Senate and the  majority of the Democrats in the House were to ever become law.   Let's talk about stroke. For the most common kind of stroke, the  United Kingdom is 25th out of 30 countries in terms of recovery,  solutions, and success. The United States is fourth.   Of course, all of what the Democrats are proposing will not come  cheap. Democrats in California had their own scheme earlier this year.  When the group that looks at what the cost is going to be reviewed it-- and I was in the State senate in Wyoming, and in any key piece of  legislation, we would have to do a fiscal note, which is what it is  going to cost--in California what they proposed would cost about $400  billion a year. So how much does the entire State of California pay to  run the whole State over the course of a year? What is their budget for  the year? It is less than half that amount. So what they are proposing  on healthcare is double what they pay for everything that the State of  California does.   Last year, Senator Sanders gave a rough sketch of his plan as part of  his Presidential campaign. It would have raised Washington's total  healthcare expenditures by $32 trillion over just the first 10 years.  To pay for it, he wanted to raise taxes, including higher payroll taxes  on workers. The problem was that all of these new taxes would pay for  less than half of the government's new spending. The legislation  written and cosponsored by Democrats in the House says that it would be  paid for by things like--and this is in their words--``a modest tax on  unearned income'' and a ``small tax on stock and bond transactions.''   Remember how President Obama promised that his healthcare law  wouldn't raise taxes on middle-class families--in his words--by a  single dime? It turns out that the law included dozens of taxes on  American working families, certainly including middle-class Americans  all across the country.   Democrats say that total Washington control over healthcare would  make things so efficient, that it would save a whole lot of money. Does  anyone believe that is ever going to happen?   A lot of people have the stress of dealing between their doctor and  their insurance company, and there are a lot of problems out there.  Nothing in the Democrats' takeover of healthcare changes any of that.  It just means that the people will be caught in the middle between a  fight with their government and a bunch of unaccountable bureaucrats in  Washington, DC. How is that better? Where will we see savings from  that? The Democrats have no real answers, just empty promises.   You can tell that it is not a real plan because when Democrats had a  chance to actually vote on this idea in the Senate, they took a pass.  In July, the Senate voted on a bill written by House Democrats. We  brought it to the floor of the Senate during the healthcare debate and  put it up for a vote. As to the bill that half of the Democrats in the  House had cosponsored, they said: Let's give the Senators an  opportunity. Every Republican voted against it, and 43 Democrats voted  present. Democrats had a chance to stand up and vote for the idea that  they love to talk about, but not a single Senator voted for it,  including Senator Sanders.   Now some of us suspected that this was where the debate over  ObamaCare was headed all along. The healthcare law, as passed years  ago, was so obviously flawed that there was no way it would work the  way the Democrats promised. You had to wonder if Democrats actually  wanted it to fail so they could push for more Washington control, more  government control over your healthcare.   You can call it the old Potomac two-step. When we were debating  ObamaCare in 2009, Senator Sanders came to the floor of the Senate and  said that a full Washington takeover of healthcare was the way to go.  Today he is taking his shot. The ObamaCare markets are in shambles.  There is no denying that ObamaCare failed to keep its promises. The  American people are paying a very steep price for the failures of the  law.   The promises that Democrats are making about their new healthcare  scheme are even more outlandish. When it fails, the damage will be  catastrophic. We cannot allow that to happen to the American people.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   