 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my colleagues  in opposing the nomination of John Bush to serve on the Sixth Circuit  Court of Appeals. Mr. Bush's record leaves me deeply concerned that he  has not demonstrated the civility, the temperament, and the judgment  that are the most basic requirements to be a judge on a U.S. Federal  circuit court.   I also have some concerns with Mr. Bush's legal philosophy. At Mr.  Bush's confirmation hearing, I asked questions about his interpretation  of due process and the right to privacy. These constitutional rights  protect the freedoms that are the linchpin of our modern, diverse, and  inclusive society. They impact real people.   My concerns about Mr. Bush extend far beyond disagreements about  legal philosophy. I worry more deeply about his judgment and  temperament.   He has published statements that demonstrate not just a lack of  judgment and temperament but also a fundamental lack of civility and  decency.   There are many examples which I could read, but let me cite just a  few. He referred to the first female Speaker of the House as ``Mama  Pelosi'' and said she should be gagged. He depicted a threat that Obama  supporters stealing a campaign sign would ``find out what the Second  Amendment is all about.'' He chose to repeat the use of a well-known,  anti-gay slur in a speech he gave. All of this was not while he was in  middle school or high school but after he had been practicing law more  than 15 years.   There is much more I could cite--some of it more offensive and more  derogatory--but I frankly think they don't expand upon my core  argument.   These are not the statements of someone fit to serve on a Federal  circuit court bench.   Don't get me wrong. Mr. Bush has every right to put these views out  into the world. Even now, over in the Senate office buildings, there  are folks exercising their First Amendment rights, protesting and, in  some cases, being arrested today, expressing strongly their feelings. I  am sure some of them are saying things that are forceful, vigorous,  even perhaps personally offensive to Members of the Senate as they are  protesting.   The vote this body will take on the nomination of Mr. Bush isn't  about his First Amendment rights, it is about whether he is capable of  conducting himself in a civil way such that he can give fair treatment  to all litigants who come before his court.   Our vote isn't about Mr. Bush's own constitutional rights of free  expression; it is about upholding all Americans' constitutional rights  to fair treatment before the courts and what sort of expectations  litigants will have when they stand before him.   Mr. Bush's judgment and his repeated choice to utilize not just  negative, not just provocative but inflammatory and derogatory language  when expressing himself do not suggest to me that he is capable of the  fairness, the civility, and the impartiality we expect.   Mr. Bush owns the reputation he has built for himself in many  speeches, op-eds, blogs, and newsletters. I heard very little in the  way of disavowing these prior statements at his confirmation hearing,  suggesting that he either stands by them, doesn't see what is wrong  with them, or simply doesn't care. I am not sure which is worse, but,  to me, each of these is disqualifying.   If my Republican colleagues have reservations about this nominee  putting on the robe, sitting on a circuit court bench, and interpreting  the law for years to come, I hope you will deliver that message with  your vote on the floor.   I haven't shied away from supporting President Trump's nominees when  I believe they are fully qualified for the job--even when their  politics have sharply diverged from my own, but this case isn't about  partisan politics. The Senate should not be a rubberstamp for nominees  of any President of any political party. We must guard the balance of  power and the integrity of the Federal judiciary as an unbiased and  fairminded institution.   President Trump has more than 100 judicial vacancies to fill. If we  don't demand any other standard of the White House than this, this  problem will extend beyond the nomination of Mr. Bush to this circuit  court seat, and the precious and vital reputation of our Federal  judiciary will be damaged as a result.   I pray we do not reach that outcome.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   