 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, our  chairman, for his leadership on this, and I rise in strong support of  the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, which has been worked on by a whole  number of Members of the House.   The adoption of dangerous sanctuary policies across the country makes  it more difficult to adequately enforce our immigration laws, which, in  turn, needlessly puts Americans' lives at risk.   Unfortunately, sanctuary cities that fail to comply with Federal law  and deliberately refuse to cooperate with Federal authorities become  safe havens for undocumented criminal immigrants, because criminals  know they are less likely to be detained in those cities, which are, by  definition, sanctuary cities.   Far too many innocent lives are put at risk when a criminal alien  convicted, for example, of drunk driving or charged with another  serious offense is not detained so they could be appropriately dealt  with and, if warranted, deported from our country according to the law.   That is why it is essential that we pass this resolution, which will  strengthen our Nation's immigration laws, hold sanctuary cities  accountable, and enhance public safety by requiring detention of  criminal aliens.   The bottom line is, if we expect our Federal immigration authorities  to enforce our Nation's immigration laws and protect the American  people, State and local officials need to cooperate, not defy Federal  immigration laws. And those local officials who refuse to do so and  instead give so-called sanctuary to those that have come to our country  illegally and then committed crimes here, they are putting the very  people who they were sworn to serve and to protect at risk. And  unfortunately, this has been happening all over the country, where  literally people come here illegally, commit crimes, and local entities  decide not to enforce the law.   We need to pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I especially want  to thank him for his leadership on this.   Nearly 2 years ago, Kate Steinle, a young woman with a promising  future, had her life tragically taken away from her when she was  brutally murdered by an undocumented criminal who had been convicted of  a series of felonies and had been deported five times; five times, and  then he kept coming back, and then he finally killed this innocent  young woman, Kate Steinle.    Sadly, this tragic event barely registered with the previous  administration and other supporters of dangerous sanctuary city  policies. During a July 2015 hearing, shortly after Kate's murder, I  asked President Obama's Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson whether  the White House had reached out to the Steinle family.   I will never forget what the Secretary said to me. He responded: Who?  He had no idea who Kate Steinle or her family were. I had to explain to  him what had happened to Kate Steinle. It was embarrassing.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I have  heard countless stories from families who, like the Steinles, have  fallen victim to heinous crimes because of the failure  [[Page H5336]]  to enforce our Nation's immigration laws. We can and must do better to  protect all the Kate Steinles all across America from being victimized  by undocumented criminals who should never have been here in the first  place.   I really can't emphasize enough how important this issue is, and H.R.  3004 will help address this problem finally and enhance public safety  by toughening the penalties for criminal aliens who have been deported  from our country, but then keep returning to the United States, and,  again, far too many of them who commit crimes against innocent  Americans like Kate Steinle.   