 Mr. Speaker, I would first like to thank the gentleman  from Washington for organizing this event for us to thank the brave men  and women who keep our community safe day in and day out. Like him, I  have the honor and privilege of serving with Sheriff Rutherford and  Chief Demings. It is quite an honor to be with both of them in the  115th Congress.   The men and women of law enforcement are moms and dads, sons and  daughters, siblings and friends to the very people who they serve. We  ask these brave men and women to uphold the law, but so often this  seemingly straightforward mandate sends them into the most difficult  and tragic situations that our society faces: terrible accidents,  domestic disputes, and the strife that threatens the hearts of our  towns and communities. Their bravery and courage is unimaginable to  someone like me. The complexity of their jobs and the tolls that it  takes on their lives is often underestimated.   Having a safe community offers our citizens more than just peace of  mind. It offers them a place to live, grow their businesses, provide a  living for their family, and to be not only economically secure but  socially secure. Law enforcement officers play a very critical role in  community development.   Each generation of our law enforcement community evolves as society  changes and their technology and training improve. This allows them to  police our communities more responsibly, effectively, and sometimes  even to right wrongs of the past generation.   I want to highlight one specific example in my district, Georgia's  Third District.   Nearly eight decades ago, an African-American man named Austin  Callaway was lynched in the town of LaGrange, Georgia. This terrible  crime has been a dark part of the town's history for a long time.  Recently, law enforcement officials have taken steps to begin the  reconciliation process.   LaGrange Chief Louis Dekmar partnered with the president of the  county NAACP chapter, Ernest Ward, to facilitate an official apology to  the Callaway family from the police force for failing to investigate  the lynching nearly 77 years prior.   I commend Chief Dekmar and Mr. Ward for their actions to begin to  heal this old wound. I am proud to represent this community that has  engaged in the hard work of reconciliation.   Police officers like Chief Dekmar do so much more than enforce the  law. They work actively every single day to bring the communities they  serve together. I am so proud that there are such great examples of law  enforcement in the Third District of Georgia.   Law enforcement officers do more than just keep us safe. They help  our communities, they show love and compassion, they bring us together.  We owe them a debt of gratitude. I am proud that there are such brave  men and women willing to serve in all of our communities and hometowns.  I want to extend my deep gratitude for the hard work of these brave men  and women and offer a special thanks and special prayer to their  families.   