 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  legislation that would allow General James Mattis to be allowed to  serve as our Secretary of Defense.   As Members of Congress, we are sworn to uphold the Constitution and  defend our country against its enemies. In order to secure our national  security, we must have a seamless transition from one administration to  another when it comes to military leadership. I somehow wonder which  other Cabinet appointees has the House questioned, and the answer is  none.   Although this requires a waiver, there is a Senate confirmation  process that determines whether or not General James Mattis is the  right person. I wish he would have testified in front of our committee,  but there is no requirement that he testify in front of our committee.  That is why we have the Senate. It is their duty to vet the candidates  for these positions. It is their duty to confirm the candidates for  each of the Cabinet positions, and no other member who is trying to be  on the Cabinet has to come before the House and testify. I do wish  General Mattis did because he would have excelled like he has done in  every other thing he has done in his life.    I have concerns about the legislation undermining civilian control,  also; but I also, like Colonel Russell, think that there may not  necessarily be the need for that. Even if there is, there is civilian  control of the military. The President is Commander in Chief. The  Secretary of Defense answers to the Commander in Chief, who is a  civilian.   Some people say interservice rivalry may be the reason that they want  him to stay out for 7 years. I can assure you that 30 years from today  General Mattis will be as much a marine as he is today, and 7 years or  4 years or 10 years or 30 years will not prevent him from being a  marine every day for the rest of his life as he was the days preceding  it.   Passing this legislation ensures that our military will have a leader  on the day the President is sworn in.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Like the Member who spoke before me-- General Grant served as Commander in Chief of the Union armies and  later of all the Armies of the U.S. and then was President within 4  years of having that title. General Eisenhower served as Supreme  Commander and then served as President of the United States, the  ultimate civilian authority. General Washington was also our first  President.   I ask that we pass this legislation and that we say yes to General  Mattis.   