 Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from  Oregon, Senator Merkley, for allowing me a few extra minutes of his  time ahead of his speech. I appreciate his courtesy, and I will pay him  back.   Ironically, I am thanking him for giving me time to make a speech I  have never wanted to make. In fact, I have three times canceled the  time I had asked for to make this speech in the last month because when  it came time to make it and I opened those doors to come down here, I  couldn't quite do it. I couldn't quite do it because, every once in a  while, something happens in your career with a loved one or friend or  cohort who is so close to you and so meaningful to you that to talk  about it is an emotional thing to do.   Such is the occasion tonight for me to pay tribute to Stefanie  Mohler, who is my scheduler and has been for years. She came to work  for me when I was a Member of the Senate. She has worked for me time  and again in the U.S. Senate, except for the one time she left me to go  work for George Bush--and I understand that. That was a higher pay  grade than mine.   Stefanie was a young lady working for a Congressman from her hometown  in Florida when I came to Washington. She wasn't married. She had a  wonderful family and lived at home with her folks. She applied for a  job as a scheduler for me and came to work for us.   I ran a pretty large company. I had about 1,000 independent  contractors and 250 employees. I know a good worker when I see one.  Stefanie was the best. But she had that quality beyond just being the  best. She cared about every single thing she did and every single  person whom she helped and every single person whom she couldn't help.  She grew in the job, and she made me a better Congressman and, later, a  better Senator.   She came to me about 18 months ago and said: I have some news for  you. I am pregnant. I am pregnant with identical twins.   I was so excited for her and her husband because she wanted more than  anything else in the world to have a family. My wife and I had a party  for her at Christmas in December, and the two babies came in the early  part of this year. They are beautiful. She is a wonderful mother. But  she has stayed, and she has worked. Her mom has come in and helped her  do the chores at home as she continued to fulfill her commitment to me.  I thank her so much on the floor of the Senate today for that.   She is married to a great guy named Chase Mohler. Let me tell you a  little bit about Chase.   All of us at one time or another in our lives have fallen in love.  You know what it feels like to fall in love. You also know what it  looks like to see somebody who is in love. You can't describe it, but  there is a glow. It is just something that is there.   I was in Jacksonville, FL, with Saxby Chambliss, waiting to come back  to Washington when Stefanie was  [[Page S4019]]  coming back from taking Chase to meet her family in Florida. When she  turned the corner in an airport concourse coming toward the planes, I  could tell from the glow on her face and the look on her face that  something special had happened in her life.   I said: Stefanie, what are you so happy about?   She said: I have found a husband. I am going to marry him. He asked  me to marry him.   I was so happy for her and so happy for Chase because I had met him.  They had dated while she was working in my office and later married.  Chase works for the State Department and has been serving here in  Washington. But he got a promotion, and he is going to the North  Carolina coast, and he is going to take Stefanie with him.   I am losing the best person I have ever had doing what Stefanie has  done for me. He married the best person I have ever seen, and she is  doing everything in the world for him.   So I thought I would come to the floor tonight, not to list the  accolades--which I could in the thousands--not to say all those  platitudes we always love to hear said about ourselves or about  somebody important, but to make a confession. I am in love. I am in  love with Stefanie Mohler because for most of her adult life she gave  her time and her effort to make me a better Member of the U.S. Senate.  She supported my wife when she needed it, and I couldn't help. She  supported our office when they needed it, and they couldn't help. She  did all of the little things that you never ask someone to do because  you think it is too little, but it is so important to make a difference  in every day that goes by.   When she leaves in about 3 months, I am going to be sad. I will shed  a tear or two. I will probably shed one for her before the night is  over. But when she leaves, I want her to know and I want the whole  Senate document to record that once in a while--every once in a while-- somebody special comes along and makes a difference in your life, your  effort, and your ability. Stefanie Mohler has been that for me. I will  never forget her for all that she has done for me, and I will always be  there for her if she ever needs me.   May God bless Stefanie Mohler, and may God bless the United States of  America.   I yield the floor.   