 Mr. President, I also rise to talk about the healthcare of  every American. This is critically important to every person and every  family in this country. It is critically important to every local,  State, and Federal budget in this country. It is also critical to the  economic productivity of our Nation.   In a purely partisan move, the House barely passed a bill that would  take health insurance away from 23 million American people over the  next 10 years, dramatically increase premiums to seniors, jeopardize  coverage of people with preexisting conditions, and impose huge burdens  on States.   One of the reasons the House bill was so bad--condemned even by  President Trump, who labeled it ``mean''--was because it flowed from a  bad process. The House held no hearings on the final bill. There was no  meaningful testimony from patients or healthcare providers. They did  not accept any amendments from Democrats. They rushed the bill through  to vote before the Congressional Budget Office could score the bill. So  no wonder. No wonder the House bill is opposed by the American Medical  Association, the AARP, nurses, hospitals, patient organizations,  Democratic and Republican Governors. Yet the Senate is poised to make  exactly the same mistake--preparing a secret bill, with no testimony,  no public scrutiny, no opportunity for meaningful amendments, no  opportunity for Democrats to participate.   We have the opportunity to get this right, and we have the  responsibility to get this right.   There are so many problems with the House bill. As a member of the  HELP Committee, I went on Friday to the Culpeper Free Clinic about 75  miles from here to talk about the need for real improvement in our  healthcare system, not a repeal that would hurt vulnerable people. At  this clinic, which is celebrating its 25th year, I saw dedicated  staffers and volunteers, and I talked to patients. I talked to them  about how this organization has provided compassionate care to working  people in this region of Northern Virginia who don't have health  insurance.   The fact that Virginia has refused to expand Medicaid is one of the  reasons the need for their care is so significant. Fully 70 percent of  the free clinic patients in Virginia would be eligible for Medicaid if  the State would just join the 35 other States that have expanded  Medicaid.   What I heard at the Culpeper Free Clinic is that they are already  bursting at the seams because we haven't expanded Medicaid.   If there are additional cuts to Medicaid, it would overwhelm the  ability of the 60 free clinics in Virginia to provide compassionate  care.   Just a few hours ago, earlier today, I went to Albemarle County near  Charlottesville and had a roundtable session with educators, families,  and children's advocates to highlight another key problem with the  Republican approach. By dramatically cutting Medicaid, who is the most  likely victim? Children. The most numerous victims of Medicaid cuts are  children.   In Virginia and nationally, nearly 60 percent of the recipients of  Medicaid are kids. Yet the President, through the TrumpCare bill and  the President's submitted budget, proposes to cut Medicaid by $1.3  trillion over the next 10 years--$1.3 trillion over the next 10 years-- and this deeply frightens parents, educators, and kids I talked to  today.   I heard from parents of kids with cerebral palsy and autism, parents  whose kids are receiving support through Medicaid to buy a wheelchair  or get services so they can learn to adjust with autism. This will help  them grow into adults who have a chance of living independently. These  parents had heartbreaking stories, often telling me: I had no idea of  the challenges of parenting a disabled child until I had one myself.  They view Medicaid as absolutely critical to their children's  educational and life success.   They talked about the current shortfalls in the Medicaid funding that  leave their kids on waiting lists for services. One mom has been on a  waiting list for a developmental disability waiver. I asked her what  they told her about the waiting list, and this was her quote: ``They  have told me my child will die before he is off the waiting list.'' And  that is under the current program, before $1.3 trillion is cut out of  it.   I heard from school administrators who talked about the importance of  Medicaid funding for their programs that serve students and special ed  teachers who are worried about the effect on their work if Medicaid is  slashed.   Local superintendents and school board members talked about the  difficult challenges of funding their school budget if Medicaid funding  is cut. They posed it as a difficult choice. If the Feds cut $1.3  trillion out of Medicaid, do they reduce their funding for their  students with disabilities, or do they take local funds away from other  important programs to backstop those programs, or do they have to raise  their own State and local taxes to make up for the Federal cuts?   I heard from child service advocates today who would see their  program slashed if Medicaid is cut. Here is an example. Many of them  serve court-involved young people--not kids charged with crime but kids  who are in court because of difficult home lives and challenging  situations with their parents or guardian, and they are in danger of  being pushed into the foster care system or into institutions because  of problems at home. Medicaid pays for support services to help  stabilize their family lives. If these services are reduced and more  children get institutionalized, how does that help anyone? How does it  help these kids? How does it help society? How does it help our budget?  It is much more expensive to put a child in a group home or an  institution than to provide a few hours of Medicaid services in their  home once a week.   The 60 percent of Virginia Medicaid recipients who are children and  the parents and teachers and nurses and others who worry about them and  help them don't see this as a partisan issue. It is fundamentally an  issue of compassion. We will and should be judged by how we treat our  children. Why slash funds that are used to help our kids? Is it really  important to cut Medicaid by $1.3 trillion, hurting millions of  children, so we can give a few adults a $900 billion tax cut?   I am on the Budget Committee. We had a hearing recently with OMB  Director Mulvaney, within the last 2  [[Page S3591]]  weeks. Director Mulvaney tried to reassure us in his opening statement  that the Medicaid cuts were really about doing people a favor--about  doing people a favor. He testified: We are no longer going to measure  compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on  programs like Medicaid; we are going to measure compassion by the  number of people we get off these programs and back in charge of their  own lives.   I want to repeat that, from the President's chief budget official: We  are going to measure compassion by the number of people we get off  these programs and back in charge of their own lives. What a cruel  thought. That reads like something a villain in a novel by Charles  Dickens would say, but that is the philosophy of this administration  and this effort. Will we now tell a kid who loses the wheelchair that  is partly paid for by Medicaid ``You are now back in charge of your own  life''? Will we tell a single mom whose child is receiving services to  help with autism but now loses access to these services ``Guess what.  You are back in charge of your own life''? Will we tell a teenager in a  broken home whose Medicaid services are the only difference between  staying in the community and being put in an institution ``Guess what.  You are now back in charge of your own life''?   Since Medicaid also provides funding for our parents and grandparents  who can no longer care for themselves and have to be cared for in  nursing homes, will we go to those seniors who lose places in nursing  homes and say ``Guess what. Now you are back in charge of your own  life''?   Slashing Medicaid isn't about putting anyone back in charge of their  own life. Medicaid enables kids to go to school and succeed. Medicaid  enables disabled people to function well enough to go to work and pay  taxes. Medicaid enables seniors to receive compassionate care when they  can't care for themselves, and cutting Medicaid jeopardizes the ability  of people to live with independence and dignity.   No, folks, let's not kid ourselves. This is not an effort to empower  anyone. It is about casting them aside because they are too young or  too old or too sick or too poor, and it is about giving a tax break to  some people with the very funds we are taking away from the most  vulnerable members of our society.   That is why I oppose this ``mean'' effort by the majority as a  secretly crafted bill to repeal the ACA. We can improve healthcare if  we work together. Let the Finance and the HELP Committees discuss any  bill, hear from patients and providers, allow amendments and debates  before rushing anything to a vote that would so cruelly affect the  lives of millions and millions of people.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   