 Mr. President, last week, on a bipartisan basis, the  Senate rejected a bill that would have repealed the Affordable Care  Act. This should be a turning point, not just in our healthcare debate  but in the way that we move forward in the Senate.   The speech given by Senator McCain when he returned to the Senate  Chamber last week lasted about 15 minutes, and, in that short period of  time, the senior Senator from Arizona reminded us of our historic  responsibility here in the Senate and the role that we play under our  Constitution as an independent branch of government, and he then  exhorted us to put away the partisanship and the gamesmanship and move  to what we would call regular order in the Senate: Send a bill to a  committee, have the committee consider the bill, bring in experts, go  through an amendment process, report it to the floor, and have another  amendment process hoping that the collective wisdom of the committee  and the body will result in a work product that actually achieves the  goal that we set out to achieve. That is the regular order. That is  what John McCain asked us to get back to, and now we have that chance.   On a bipartisan basis, I believe the Senate must come together and  work on solutions to improve our healthcare system. First, we have to  stabilize it. In just a few weeks, the major insurance companies are  going to announce their premiums for the next year, and I am afraid  they are going to show dramatic increases, because what the industry  has told us over and over is that the one thing they can't calculate is  the uncertainty of policy decisions. So as long as we have not done our  job in stabilizing the healthcare system, they will either step away  from risk or charge higher premiums to cover the possibilities of  greater risk. That is what we face in just a few weeks and particularly  if this administration--the Trump administration--follows what the  President has said over and over in his tweets. We have listened to the  President basically say what I consider to be an irresponsible thing:  Let the healthcare system fail; then the Democrats will come on their  knees and beg us to change it.   Well, if the healthcare system fails, it will not have much impact on  the President and his immediate family. They will still have health  insurance. But if it fails, many people will not be able to afford  basic health insurance. They may lose it, and others may lose their  coverage altogether. It could be a personal disaster--a family disaster  across the board. I can't believe that anyone--let alone the  President--would suggest that is the best path to a constructive  outcome. Responsibility suggests that there is a better way.   Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million previously uninsured  Americans have gained healthcare coverage, including more than 1  million people in my State of Illinois. Thanks to the Affordable Care  Act, our Nation's uninsured rate is at the lowest level in history. We  cut it in half in Illinois. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act,  insurance companies can no longer engage in the type of abusive conduct  that was well known and well established before the passage of the  Affordable Care Act.  [[Page S4634]]    Before the passage of that law, insurance companies decided that  women, because of their gender, had a preexisting condition and,  therefore, had to pay more for health insurance than men. They used to  charge older people exorbitantly more than younger people for  insurance. They would deny maternity care, mental health or substance  abuse care, deny insurance to people with preexisting conditions or  charge them sky-high premiums. They would impose annual or lifetime  caps on benefits and kick people off insurance when they got sick and  needed care.   The Affordable Care Act changed each and every one of those things.  Young adults, in addition, can now stay on their parents' health  insurance plans up to the age of 26, and seniors with Medicare are  getting free preventive care and substantial discounts on their  pharmaceuticals.   The law is far from perfect. Improvements can and should be made. We  have done that over the years to Social Security and Medicare. We  should do it again here. Six percent of Americans and 3 percent of  Illinoisans purchase their insurance in the individual market, and more  than 50 percent of those people receive premium subsidies to help them  pay for their monthly premiums. For these people, especially those who  don't qualify for subsidies, insurance options can be limited or  expensive. So while there are clear challenges, we also need to be  honest about the scope of the problem and where we need to make fixes.  There are ways to help.   First, the 19 States that have refused to expand their Medicaid  Program should do so. If they did, 4.5 million more Americans would  instantly gain access to healthcare coverage. Many of these people who  would gain coverage go to work every single day--sometimes to more than  one job a week--and they don't have any healthcare benefits where they  work. They have no place to turn. Medicaid can help. If Republicans are  serious about wanting to provide people with access to affordable  health insurance, Medicaid expansion is the most commonsense measure we  can take.   Second, the administration should stop stoking uncertainty in the  individual market and commit to paying cost-sharing reduction subsidies  known as the CSRs. These Federal subsidies now help 7 million Americans  with out-of-pocket health insurance costs. If the Trump administration  sabotages the healthcare system and refuses to make these payments,  premiums on these individuals would increase by 20 percent next year  alone. Now, many of my Senate Republican colleagues, including HELP  Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, support the CSR  payments. I think that is a responsible course of action. In fact, they  are even included in some of the Republican healthcare repeal bills. It  is time to end this ``will they or won't they'' game--this  uncertainty--and reassure Americans and insurers that payments are  going to be made. The uncertainty is going to raise the cost of health  insurance for everybody. For goodness sake, let's move in the opposite  direction, bring stability and bring assurances of where we are headed  so that healthcare premiums can stabilize and perhaps not go up as far  as they would otherwise.   Third, we should give people in the individual market more affordable  options. I support offering a Medicare-like plan. If insurers choose  not to participate in the individual market, why wouldn't the  government step in and offer an option that individuals can decide  whether they want to take it.   Finally, we have to do something about the high cost of prescription  drugs. They are contributing directly to massive premium increases. The  health insurance companies tell us--in Blue Cross Blue Shield's case in  Illinois, they are paying more for prescription drugs in Illinois than  they are paying for inpatient hospital care--that is driving premiums  higher.   What have we done to deal with prescription drug costs exactly?  Nothing. There is nothing in the Affordable Care Act that even monitors  these costs when it comes to the public at large and very little, if  anything, has been proposed or passed in Congress to deal with these  out-of-control increases in prescription drug prices. I think drug  companies should have to publicly justify their prices and provide  ample lead time when they are going to raise these prices.   Drugs that are developed with significant Federal taxpayer dollars-- and that is many of them--whether from the National Institutes of  Health or the Department of Defense, should commit to reasonable  pricing in their products. If these drug companies are using taxpayer  subsidized research to develop a drug, I think they have a special  public responsibility when it comes to the marketing of that drug to  make sure the pricing is reasonable. The taxpayers helped them to a  profitable position. They shouldn't go overboard and overcharge.   Last week when Senator McCain made his appeal on the Senate floor, he  really called on us to work together to get something done. I have  noticed that there is a bipartisan effort underway in the House. I  believe we will hear one this week in the Senate. I am glad that we are  heeding his advice. I agree with the Senator from Arizona that it is  time for the Senate to turn to regular order, hold hearings, bring in  experts, and really work together on proposals that would expand access  to affordable health insurance coverage and care. Democrats stand ready  to work with Republicans to do this. It is time to put ObamaCare repeal  behind us. It is time to move forward on behalf of those who are  counting on us.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I will support the nomination of  Christopher Wray to be the next Director of the Federal Bureau of  Investigation.  [[Page S4645]]    I met with Mr. Wray prior to his hearing, and I have carefully  reviewed his record and listened to his hearing testimony. I believe he  is well qualified and that he is sensitive to the fact that the FBI  Director needs to be independent from this President and this  Administration.   We are at a perilous moment in our history. Director Comey was fired  by President Trump after he refused to pledge his loyalty to President  Trump and after he publicly acknowledged that the FBI was investigating  links between the Trump campaign and Russia. In the 109-year history of  the FBI, only one FBI Director had ever been fired before. That  director, William Sessions, was dismissed for serious ethical  violations--not because the FBI was investigating the administration.  Not since Watergate and the Saturday Night Massacre of October 20,  1973, has a President dismissed the head of an ongoing investigation  into his administration.   From his own statements to NBC News and to Russian officials in the  Oval Office, we know that President Trump wanted FBI Director Comey  gone because of the Russia investigation. Let's be clear--Russia  attacked our democracy last year. Almost every day, there is a new  revelation about Russian contacts with the Trump campaign and  administration. We owe it to the American people to get to the bottom  of what happened.   Fortunately, we now have a special counsel, Bob Mueller, who is  investigating whether any crimes were committed. We also need to make  sure no foreign adversary can interfere with our elections again. It is  imperative that the next FBI Director allow Special Counsel Mueller to  conduct his investigation without interference and that the FBI provide  Mueller with access to the information and resources he needs.   It is also imperative that we have an FBI Director who will carry out  the functions of the office with independence, integrity, and a firm  commitment to the rule of law.   I appreciate that Mr. Wray shares my view that the FBI Director  should avoid meeting with President Trump one-on-one and that the FBI  Director would be well-advised to make contemporaneous written records  of any substantive conversations with President Trump.   Mr. Wray also told me he has no reason to doubt the intelligence  community's conclusion that Russia interfered in our election. I look  forward to hearing more from Mr. Wray on this subject after he is  confirmed and has reviewed the classified intelligence.   He also committed to work with me to address the scourge of illicit  gun trafficking coming into the city of Chicago and to work with me on  efforts to reduce youth exposure to violent trauma.   I asked Mr. Wray about the criminal division's involvement in a 2004  memo by the DOJ Office of Legal Counsel on torture. He said he was not  involved in reviewing or approving this memo or any CIA interrogation  techniques and that he agrees with former FBI Director Mueller that  interrogation techniques such as painful stress positions and  waterboarding are ``abusive under all circumstances.'' I appreciate his  commitment to ensuring that FBI personnel never use or participate in  abusive interrogation techniques. Mr. Wray also committed to me that,  if confirmed, he would review the Senate Intelligence Committee's  torture report, and I look forward to hearing his reflections on it.   Mr. Wray told me that he agrees with former Director Comey that  Federal courts and Federa1 prosecutors are effective in prosecuting  terrorists and obtaining valuable intelligence, which is clear when you  compare our courts' record in convicting more than 500 terrorists since  9/11. In contrast, military commissions have only produced eight  convictions, four of which have been overturned.   I appreciate Mr. Wray's commitment to ``seek to maintain and build  trust with all Americans, including Muslim Americans.''   The next FBI Director will be under incredible scrutiny. We need an  FBI Director who will face that pressure with integrity, independence,  and a firm commitment to the rule of law. He may also have to stand up  to this President if the interests of justice call for it. I believe  Mr. Wray can do that, so I will support his nomination, and I hope I  will be joined by my colleagues in closely monitoring the FBI to ensure  Mr. Wray is effectively serving the American people and the rule of  law.    I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. Franken)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. Franken)  is necessarily absent.   