 Mr. President, I come to the floor today, just as I  have many times before, to stop another rightwing attack on title X  funding and to defend access to healthcare for millions of women.   Not even a week has passed since the American people successfully  beat back Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and give  insurance companies permission to charge women higher premiums simply  because of their gender. Yet apparently less than a week is not too  soon for Republicans to launch yet another attack on women's access to  healthcare. This morning, my Republican colleagues needed the Vice  President of the United States to come to Capitol Hill and cast a vote  to overturn protections for 4 million patients served by title X funded  health centers every year.   For many low-income women, title X funding is the lifeline that  ensures their access to birth control, testing for sexually transmitted  infections, cancer screenings, and other basic health services. In  fact, 85 percent of the people served by family planning centers like  Planned Parenthood have incomes below 200 percent of the Federal  poverty level. Approximately 20 percent of these patients identify as  Latina, and approximately 14 percent identify as Black.   In 2015 alone, title X funded nearly 800,000 Pap tests, breast exams  to 1 million women, nearly 5 million tests for STIs, and 1 million HIV  tests. Title X did not pay for a single abortion. Indeed, no Federal  funding goes to abortion-related care. And indeed, for every dollar  that title X funding spent, we saved about $4 and prevented nearly 2  million unintended pregnancies per year.   Family planning services at New Jersey's title X funded health  centers  [[Page S2135]]  helped prevent 20,500 unintended pregnancies in 2014, which would have  likely resulted in 10,000 unintended births and 7,400 abortions.  Without publicly funded family planning, the number of unintended  pregnancies in New Jersey would be 21 percent higher. Title X funded  services produce significant cost savings to the Federal and State  governments. Services provided at title X supported sites in New Jersey  accounted for nearly $232.9 million in such savings in 2010 alone.   I hope President Trump knows that when my Republican colleagues vote  to defund Planned Parenthood, they aren't voting to stop a single  abortion; they are voting to defund the family planning care that helps  avoid unwanted pregnancies and reduce the need for abortion.   A vote to defund title X is a vote to defund breast cancer exams. A  vote to defund title X is a vote to defund cervical cancer screenings.  A vote to defund title X is a vote to defund testing for sexually  transmitted diseases.   The American people--those who voted for President Trump--voted for  more affordable healthcare, certainly not less. Not one of my  Republican colleagues has come to the floor to make the case in favor  of repealing title X--not one. But if my Republican colleagues prevail  in this cynical vote, they will jeopardize access to affordable family  planning services; they will force many health centers to stop  providing care to patients; and they will leave doctors, nurses, and  other healthcare providers working on the frontlines to abandon those  who need them the most.   I, for one, refuse to allow the GOP to pander to the extreme elements  of their party and in doing so limit a woman's access to affordable,  accessible healthcare. This vote is about every one of our sisters, our  daughters, our grandchildren. This vote is about women across this  country, and I don't understand how we can take away their access to  the healthcare they so critically need.   With that, I yield the floor.   