 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made  in order by the rule.    Mr. Chairman, this is a Davis-Bacon amendment that  addresses the MILCON component of the legislation that is before us.   This Congress has had this debate a number of times over the past  years. The history of the Davis-Bacon Act goes back to, I will say, a  couple of Republicans that got together and decided they didn't want  the construction market to have to face the competition of African  Americans coming out of Alabama to build a Federal building in New York  City. They took such great offense to that that they wrote legislation  that is known as the Davis-Bacon Act, and the language says it requires  a prevailing wage.   I have spent 42 years in the construction business, if I count the  work my son does as he owns that company today, and we have dealt with  that, I would say, nearly every year, if not every year, throughout all  that time.   What we have is the Federal Government interfering in the  relationship between the employer and the employee and setting a wage  scale that is called prevailing wage. But that is set by folks sitting  inside a room with a closed door, and they come out of there with the  equivalent of a union wage mandated by the Federal Government. That is  the net effect.   As we have kept records over the years, the increase in the cost of  the projects for us has been between 8 and 35 percent, depending on how  much is labor, how much is materials, and the nature of the job.   The Heritage Foundation has done a study or two. They come with a  number kind of in that area. So I just boil it down to 20 percent. It  is a 20 percent increase over the otherwise cost of a project, and that  means this: without the Davis-Bacon wage scale imposed upon it by the  Federal Government, the merit shop employees who meet plans and specs  and do high-quality work--and there is nothing in our 42 years of  history that would indicate otherwise--that we can build 5 miles of  road instead of 4, we can build five barracks instead of four, we can  build five bridges instead of four.   This is an unnecessary cost to the taxpayer. It brings efficiency to  the expenditures of the taxpayers' money, and it does a lot better job  of taking care of our military.   Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment, which simply does  this: it says that none of the funds may be used to implement,  administer, or enforce prevailing wage requirements that is referenced  as Davis-Bacon.   Mr. Chairman, I urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, as I listen to that rebuttal, I would  like to bring back a little more of the history of this, and it is  this: that Davis-Bacon, and I have been looking at this a long time, as  far as I know, and I believe it is true, is the last remaining Jim Crow  law that exists in Federal statute today.   We should take care to pull it out of the Federal code. Its legacy is  badly tainted. It was built as a racist law, and that needs to be  eliminated, and we need to have a merit shop society where people can  compete rather than the Federal Government deciding with a board or a  commission behind closed doors.   Let's build more roads, more bridges, more barracks, more airstrips.  Let's put our money to the best use we can. That is in keeping with  Donald Trump's philosophy: get more for less. That is what you get with  the King amendment, more for less, and we get to eliminate at least the  effectiveness of this Jim Crow law on our MILCON as a starter.   If we do this here, we have got an opportunity, then, to go forward  with this and finally one day completely repeal Davis-Bacon.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining on each side.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, as I listen to the gentleman, unfair; there is no such  thing as unfair when you have someone who applies for a job and they  are willing to work for a wage, and we want to hire the best people we  can hire. We want to keep the best people we hire, and we want to pay  the best benefits we can.   But when we have the Federal Government interfering with the  efficiency of our operations and deciding that this machine pays $25 an  hour and this machine pays $35 an hour, and on this shovel, if you are  leaning on it, that pays 20 bucks an hour, who is going to climb into  which machine and do what? The efficiencies of our operations go  downhill when you have got the Federal Government setting those kinds  of things.   We had a project years ago where the center line of the highway--we  worked on both sides of a highway. The center line of the highway was a  difference between two different regions with different prevailing wage  scales. It was almost twice as much money on the south side of the  highway as it was on the north side of the highway. Well, where do you  think my crews wanted to work? They wanted to work on the south side of  the highway. You have got to fight that constantly.   We don't need the Federal Government interfering. There used to be a  gentleman from Massachusetts that would say that we should not have the  Federal Government interfering between any relationship between two  consenting adults. That is what an employment is, two consenting  adults. It is a contract. We don't need the Federal Government there.   We need to build more projects for less money for the same standard  of work. It is not unfair. It is high-quality work coming out of all  the records of merit shop employees, and it is consistent with what  America needs to do to compete with the rest of the world.   Mr. Chairman, I urge that the body come forward and vote for this  amendment and block the Davis-Bacon wage scales and end up with an  efficient form of construction for MILCON.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   