 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  support of the rule and the underlying joint resolution to begin the  process of rolling back President Obama's war on coal. That is the rule  we are debating today; that is the bill before us, not to be confused  with the other issue that is being discussed.   I was proud that, in the last Congress, I was the lead sponsor of the  STREAM Act, H.R. 1644, which would have prevented the implementation of  a new coal regulation that would have cost upwards of 70,000 good- paying jobs. My legislation passed the House of Representatives in  January of 2016, with bipartisan support, and sent a clear message to  President Obama's administration that the so-called stream protection  rule was bad policy. Unfortunately, my bill never received a vote in  the U.S. Senate.   Despite the clear message from Congress, the Obama administration, in  the final days, issued a disastrous stream protection rule. Again, he  did this as he was leaving the Presidency in the final days before he  left office. But don't let the clever name fool you. The new regulation  will have far-reaching impacts for the coal industry--an industry, I  might add, that provides over 90 percent of the power generation for my  home State of West Virginia.   The rule prescribes a one-size-fits-all approach in defiance of  common sense and the Federal law. There is no need to rewrite over 400  regulations, as this rule does, other than as a blatant attempt to  regulate the coal industry out of business. We cannot allow this rule  to move forward, and thus we need to support the rule and the  underlying joint resolution of disapproval.   Let us not forget that former President Barack Obama promised that he  would bankrupt the coal industry. People are losing their jobs and the  dignity that comes with work. Our communities are also suffering. Fewer  jobs means less economic investment and less hope.   I encourage my colleagues to visit West Virginia or Appalachia and  see firsthand what President Obama's policies have done to our  communities. It is heartbreaking to hear the stories and see the faces  of struggling families as they try to pay their bills. I stand today  with those communities in rolling back the policies that have caused so  much harm and pain.   These new regulations would be catastrophic to the coal industry and  all of the hardworking American families that depend on coal to keep  their energy costs low. The shame of it all is that it is preventable.  We must end this war on coal now, and that process begins today.   I made a promise to my constituents of the Second District of West  Virginia that I would fight for the coal industry and bring back jobs  to my State. Today is the first in many steps this Congress, along with  President Donald Trump, will take to make good on the promises we made  in November.   Again, I encourage support for the rule and the underlying resolution  of disapproval.   