 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, after serving on a school board, in my State  legislature, and now in Congress, I have witnessed firsthand that  government works better when it is closest to the people. That is why I  rise today in support of H.J. Res. 44, which disapproves the Bureau of  Land Management's 2.0 Planning rule.   I commend the gentlewoman from Wyoming for introducing this  legislation on behalf of her constituents as  [[Page H1037]]  well as Americans all across the country that desire more effective  government.   The Planning 2.0 rule will fundamentally change the way land  management decisions are made, and I believe it will fundamentally  change them for the worse. Planning 2.0 puts faith in a faraway,  Washington-based one-size-fits-all approach to land management  decisions.   BLM has a light footprint in my home State of Arkansas, but last year  I had the opportunity to attend a field hearing in St. George, Utah. I  saw firsthand the mismanagement by the BLM and how it impacts real  people.   Individuals from Washington County, Utah, told our field hearing of  the heavy-handed approach BLM takes toward local landowners in  management decisions. Local officials talked about how BLM has also  ignored the will of Congress by ensuring updated resource management  plans decrease grazing permits or effectively stop the construction of  roads that are authorized in Federal legislation. Land management  changes should be made in a collaborative way, with ample State and  local input.   Despite what some people may think, Congress and Congress' will still  matters. Planning 2.0 marginalizes State and local officials in favor  of unelected bureaucrats and special interests. By passing H.J. Res.  44, we will remind Federal agencies that they work for the people.   Mr. Speaker, we are not a people of the government, by the  government, and for the government. We have a government that is  supposed to be of the people, by the people, and for the people. The  people's voice should be heard in major land management decisions. H.J.  Res. 44 will make the BLM listen to their voice.   I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   