 Mr. President, first, I want to thank my friend Senator  Nelson for his comments from the floor in regard to the tax bill that  we will be voting on later this week. The experience I had this morning  underscores the issues that Senator Nelson has brought to the floor. I  had a meeting with the Greater Baltimore Committee. We had business  leaders, labor leaders; we had advocates from different segments of our  community; and we had graduate students there. They all expressed  concern about our voting this week on a tax bill that we first saw on  Friday evening--the latest version.   It is still fundamentally flawed, as Senator Nelson has pointed out.  I say that it is fundamentally flawed because it gives significant, big  tax cuts to corporations and high-income taxpayers and leaves middle- income taxpayers footing the bill.   The conference report makes it worse because they lower the highest  tax rate from 39.6 percent to 37 percent--another advantage for high- income taxpayers. In addition, the estate tax is doubled, which affects  0.2 percent of the wealthiest people in this country. Corporations not  only get the lower tax rates cut from 35 percent to 21 percent, but  they also get relief from the alternative minimum tax. To make matters  even worse, the tax relief for middle-income families is temporary,  whereas the tax relief for businesses is made permanent.   It is definitely a tax bill that is going to hurt middle-income  taxpayers. In my own State, independent analysis shows that 800,000  Marylanders will end up paying more in taxes. Guess who is going to  foot the bill, who is going to pay for the big deficit.   If you look at the corporate tax cut alone, that is somewhere close  to the $1.15 trillion we have been talking about, which is baked into  the bill to increase the national debt by $1.5 trillion. I think that  is unconscionable; I think it is unconscionable to say that we can  afford tax cuts when we already have these large deficits that are  going to make us borrow more money and make our economy more dependent.   The truth is, even the Republicans are telling us, even with dynamic  scoring, we are going to have a $1 trillion tax gap in the deficit. In  reality, the $1.5 trillion is conservative. When you look at the  individual tax relief, it is temporary; it expires. Some expire in 2  years.   Most of my Republican friends have said: Just extend it. If you  extend it,  [[Page S8062]]  there will be even a deeper hole in the deficit--closer to $2 trillion.  Who is going to pay for that? Middle-income families are going to pay  for it. They are not just being left out as far as tax relief is  concerned; they are being asked to foot the bill for the tax cuts for  corporations and high-income taxpayers.   In addition, it will affect other elements that middle-income  taxpayers depend upon. This is a direct attack on Medicaid and  Medicare. We see that. We saw that in the budget instructions, where we  had to cut Medicare and Medicaid. We see that in the pay-go rules. We  see that the next chapter of this tax reform bill will be, well, now we  have these deficits, and we have to pay for it. Who is going to be held  responsible for paying for it?   We know that it is going to affect our own budgets. I am now hearing  that we are going to take it out on our own Federal workforce, deny  them a pay raise for next year or have fewer Federal workers to carry  out their mission or make them pay more for benefits. We know that is  going to come. The argument is going to be that we have these large  deficits now, and we have to do this.   How are we going to respond to the issues Senator Nelson talked about  on disaster relief when we have these large deficits? We know that we  are going to be asking middle-income families not only to make a  sacrifice on the tax cut, not only to pay for the deficit created  directly by this but, also, in the future, to pay with cuts in  government spending.   In addition to that, we have 13 million Americans who will lose their  health coverage under this bill because of the elimination of the  individual mandate--13 million. That is going to affect 13 million  families. It is going to affect more than that. Guess what these  families do. They use emergency rooms rather than going to their family  doctors. They enter the healthcare system in a more expensive way. They  don't have the money to pay for the visits, and it becomes part of  uncompensated care. All of us pay higher premiums, and our healthcare  system becomes more expensive.    That has been one of the bright spots of the Affordable Care Act-- reducing the number of uninsured. Now we are going to be moving in the  opposite direction. The Affordable Care Act has worked. The Republicans  tried to dismantle it, and they couldn't succeed. The worst part is,  you are counting the loss of insurance of 13 million as a revenue gain  for the Treasury and then spending that money. That is unconscionable.   In Maryland, we have particular problems with this bill. Not only  will we see a problem for the Federal workforce--a large number who  live in Maryland--but also the State and local tax deductions. Maryland  has the largest number of taxpayers who take advantage of State and  local tax deductions on their Federal tax returns. In other words, you  don't have to pay a tax on a tax. That makes sense. It has been in our  Tax Code since its beginning because we recognize federalism, and it is  morally wrong to pay tax on tax.   Maryland has the most taxpayers who take advantage of State and local  tax deductions, close to 50 percent. The average for Maryland--this is  the average--is $12,900 that they deduct for State and local taxes.  Under the conference report, that is going to be limited to $10,000.  That means the average Maryland taxpayer will have to pay taxes on  $2,900 more, but think about all those who have a lot more in State and  local taxes who are going to be denied that help.   I was talking to some of our local government officials over the  weekend. They are going to be disadvantaged by it. It was an  interesting analysis. We don't think about what this bill is going to  do and all the consequences, but if you are in a State that has its own  itemized deductions, like Maryland--we have itemized deductions on our  State income tax return, and our standard deduction will be  significantly lower than the standard deduction under this conference  report.   You are going to have Marylanders who are not going to be able to  take their State deductions because you can't take State deductions  unless you use the Federal itemized deductions. It is estimated that  nationwide only 5 percent of the taxpayers will be using itemized  deductions. Guess what. If you don't use the itemized deduction at the  Federal level, you can't take the State itemized deductions. This is  going to have a direct impact on our State and local governments. Yet  that hasn't been considered.   Quite frankly, the consequences of this bill haven't been debated. We  haven't gone through public hearings because of the process that was  used--the partisan process, called reconciliation. We haven't seen  daylight. We haven't had a chance to know what the impact will be. What  impact will it have on property values? We now limit property tax  deductions, and we have a further limit on interest deductions on  mortgages. What impact does it have on property values? What impact  does the reduction of property values have on our economy, have on the  individual values for people who have loans on their homes? Are we  going to be creating a problem? We don't know because we haven't had  any hearings on it.   On Friday, I was with a group of nonprofits that do very valuable  work. They are worried about what impact this tax bill will have on  charitable giving. When only 5 percent of the taxpayers in this country  use itemized deductions, it means a great number of people who were  able to take advantage of charitable deductions on their tax returns no  longer will have that ability. Does that change their charitable  giving? If it changes their charitable giving pattern, what does it do  for nonprofits? If our nonprofits can't do that, there is additional  pressure on governmental services. Have we thought that out? I doubt we  know the consequences. Yet we are not prepared to have hearings on  this.   One of the major issues that has had very little discussion is the  passthrough. You have heard a lot about it. The reason for this is that  95 percent of American businesses don't use corporate tax returns. They  use passthroughs, S corporations, individual proprietorships,  partnerships, et cetera. This bill provides a lower tax rate for their  passthrough business income at 20 percent. Here is the problem. In an  effort to make sure that this isn't a way of getting around paying  taxes on salaries, there are certain guardrails that have been put into  this bill based upon a person's income, based upon the type of business  they are in, based upon the assets of the business, based upon the  amount of salaries that are paid in the business. And you are trying to  tell me that can't be manipulated in order to shelter income? We are  creating a whole new industry in sheltering income under this bill.   I have heard so many of my colleagues talk about the fact that we  don't want to outsource jobs. None of us want to outsource jobs. Having  competitive rates helps us in that regard, but moving toward a  territorial tax structure rewards companies for doing their business  offshore. Even if tax rates might be the same, they can use labor  costs, or some other costs, to outsource jobs.   Have we thought about that under a territorial tax? No. Do we know  what impact it will have? No. There are a lot of issues we don't fully  understand. We do know there are individual provisions put in here--for  example, drilling in the Arctic. That, to me, should not be part of  this bill. I worry about that being expanded to the Atlantic coast and  other areas. I think we all should be concerned about it.   The bottom line is this. When you do tax reform, you would hope you  would simplify the Tax Code and make it predictable. That is what I  hear the most: Let's simplify the Tax Code, and let's make it  predictable. Neither will be accomplished with this conference report.  With all these temporary tax provisions, you know that we are going to  have to deal with extenders. You are not going to be able to plan as to  whether this Tax Code will stand the test of time. If you think this is  simplification, try to figure out whether you are eligible for the  passthrough 20 percent on your business taxes. It is anything but  simple.   This bill fails in its principle test of helping middle-income  families, which it does not do. It is for corporations, big  corporations, and high-income people. It is fiscally irresponsible to  add to the debt. It makes our Tax Code more  [[Page S8063]]  complicated and doesn't give us the predictability we need in the Tax  Code, and it should be rejected.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   