 Mr. President, I don't know where to begin. I want to  speak about the tax reform proposal but will start by responding to my  colleague from Maryland--and he is a colleague and friend--to say that  he must be talking about a different tax reform proposal than we are  talking about because, frankly, so much of what he said is not  consistent with the legislation that I have seen the House proposing  and certainly not consistent with the legislation we are talking about  here in the Senate.   Let me start with his claim that there is a $1.5 trillion tax cut for  big corporations. That is simply not true. You can look at the House  proposal because it is now out. You can see the fact that it does have  tax relief, and it has tax relief targeted at middle-class families. He  is right about the fact that it has a lower rate for our multinational  businesses, but he also knows that our current system is absolutely  broken, and what is occurring is precisely what he is suggesting might  occur if we were to change the code, which is companies and jobs and  investment are going overseas.   He talked about the fact that we haven't had hearings. Since I got  elected to the Senate in 2010, we have had 70 hearings in the committee  I serve on, which is the Finance Committee. I would encourage people to  look at what we did 2 years ago. We set up five bipartisan task forces  on tax reform. I cochaired one of them. It was actually on the very  topic my colleague was talking about.   I would encourage him to look at the working group paper on  international tax reform and the need for us to go to a lower rate--20  percent--to be competitive, to get just below the other industrialized  countries, and then to have the opportunity to go to a new type of tax  system that enables us to bring back the money that is locked out  overseas. Unbelievably, there is $2.5 trillion to $3 trillion of  earnings that are overseas. Much of that could be brought back, and  that is what this tax proposal does.   Significantly, that report my colleagues will see was coauthored by  two Members of this body, one Republican and one Democrat, because all  of these task forces, these working groups, were bipartisan. My  colleague in that effort was a Senator from New York by the name of  Chuck Schumer, who now happens to be the Democratic leader.   So I think there is a consensus, at least in the real world, about  the fact that our current Tax Code is hopelessly broken and we have to  fix it. And if you are against helping our companies to stay American  companies, that must mean that you believe that they ought to become  foreign companies, which is exactly what is happening. To me, it is an  outrage that the U.S. Congress is allowing this to happen.   Ernst & Young, which is a public accounting firm, recently came out  with a study showing that 4,700 companies that have become foreign  companies over the past 13 years would still be American companies if  we had the kind of tax reform proposal that we are proposing. In other  words, if you had this 20 percent rate I talked about, this competitive  international system, you would have 4,700 more American companies  here, providing jobs, making investments, contributing to their  communities.   It does matter that a company is headquartered here versus  headquartered overseas. We have done an analysis of this. We have done  an investigation of this. We have determined that when companies leave,  they don't just change their headquarters, they take investment and  jobs with them.   I would refer my colleagues to the work of the Permanent Subcommittee  on Investigations; again, bipartisan work about the fact that we have  to fix this broken Tax Code.   The Congressional Budget Office, which is the nonpartisan group here  on Capitol Hill that gives us advice on the impact of tax reform on the  economy, on deficits, on revenues, has a report which says that if you  do lower the business tax rate to make these companies competitive-- again, the alternative is going overseas--the benefit of that goes to  shareholders, goes to workers. They say in their analysis that 70  percent of the benefit goes to higher wages and more benefits for  workers.   Think about it. That makes sense. If a company is not competitive,  they can't pay the kinds of wages we want them to pay. We want to get  wages up. They can't pay the kinds of benefits we want them to pay. We  want to get benefits up.   So although I hope that we can have a spirited debate about aspects  of this legislation, we should stick to the facts. We should not  attempt to make this yet another partisan issue in this town, where we  are attacking something not so much on the merits but because the other  side thought about it.   I will tell you, when you look back historically, it isn't just the  working group that Senator Schumer and I cochaired on this  international front where we have to get this rate down. We have to  become competitive. We have to save our jobs here. But look at another  bipartisan effort that is talked about a lot and is not agreed to by  all Democrats or all Republicans; that is, the Simpson-Bowles proposal.  This was several years ago. They looked at the tax policy and deficit  issues. Simpson-Bowles--totally bipartisan, supported by a bipartisan  group of U.S. Senators who, at the time, were on that commission--said  that we ought to go to this lower rate and territorial system. This is  not a partisan issue or at least it hasn't been until now. Let's not  make it one.   Yes, it is true that there is tax relief in this proposal. The  proposal the House has proposed--the proposal the Senate is likely to  propose later this week--does have tax relief, and we believe that tax  relief is appropriate.   We believe we have to give middle-class families in my home State of  Ohio and around the country a little break right now. Why? Because they  are seeing their expenses go up, especially healthcare, but also other  expenses. I say ``especially healthcare'' because that is the single  largest increase in expenses; it is in the healthcare area-- deductibles, copays, premiums--but also on food, housing, and other  costs, including tuition if you are trying to send your kids to school.  These expenses have skyrocketed, yet wages are flat, meaning people are  facing this middle-class squeeze.  [[Page S7045]]    We hear a lot of discussion on both sides of the aisle about the fact  that we want to help the middle class. One way to help is to help the  family budget, to get a little relief to these families so they can  make ends meet and not just live paycheck to paycheck.   It will also help the economy. It will help get more money into the  economy to buy that car, to buy that appliance, to help move the  economy forward. It is part of this reform bill--yes, it is--and we are  proud of it.   We also provide some tax relief on the business side to help small  businesses. These are the so-called passthrough companies. About 90  percent of the businesses in America don't pay their taxes as  companies. They are not corporations in that sense. They pay their  taxes through their individual tax return. They are called passthrough  companies. Some call them LLCs, subchapter S, or sole proprietors or  partnerships. These companies tend to be smaller companies, they tend  to be family-owned. They need a little help too. So the proposal does  provide significant relief for those small businesses. In the House  proposal and the Senate proposal, it is hundreds of billions of dollars  out of the $1.5 trillion tax relief. We think that is appropriate.   Finally, again, on the business side, it will help make companies  competitive to get the rate down so they can attract investment into  America rather than having that investment and jobs going out of  America, which is what is happening now. There are 4,700 companies that  would be American companies today if we had this tax proposal in place  over the last 13 years, but we didn't, and we should learn from that.  It is Congress's responsibility to act to keep that from happening in  the future.   That is what this tax reform is about. It is about three things. It  is about a middle-class tax cut allowing people to keep more of their  hard-earned money. We think that is appropriate in these times.   It is about helping to make our companies more competitive because we  want more jobs and higher wages. Part of dealing with the middle-class  squeeze is to provide a little help with the family budget with tax  relief. Part is to get wages up. When people look at this tax reform  proposal--right, left, or center--they are going to say the same thing:  This is going to incentivize more investment. Some think more, some  think less, but that investment in a tight labor market, as we have  right now, is going to result in more competition for these workers,  therefore, pushing wages up. That is what we want. That is what this is  about. It is exciting.   Third is to level the playing field internationally so American  companies will not be going overseas. That is the whole point. We are  not doing this tax reform proposal to encourage companies to go  overseas. We are doing this tax reform proposal to incentivize them to  stay in America and to attract more foreign investment here in this  country so an American company can pay that premium for a foreign  subsidiary, rather than the other way around now, where American  companies are not just inverting. We have heard this word  ``inversions,'' going overseas and buying a foreign company. They are  actually being taken over by foreign companies.   That is the reality. We can't let it continue. We have to stand up  and be counted, stand up for the middle class, stand up for our workers  who are now competing with one hand tied behind their back, whether it  is a big auto company like in my home State of Ohio--I toured five of  these auto factories over the last couple of weeks, talked to them  about the tax reform proposal and how it would work. They gave me their  input. It is going to help. By the way, it is going to help whether you  are a U.S. company or a foreign company. If you are a foreign automaker  here in America or you have other foreign investments, a lower rate and  immediate expensing--in other words, being able to write off your  investments and equipment as you make them--that is all good for you  too. So it will have both, the desired effect of helping American  companies be competitive but, also, if you have foreign direct  investment in your State and your community, they should be encouraged  to put more money in America rather than somewhere else. If you are a  Japanese automaker and you are looking around the world asking: Do I  put that next investment in China, do I put it in Tokyo, do I put it in  Europe and Germany, or do I put it in America, you will like this  proposal because you will want to invest and be part of this too. That  will help us give this economy a needed shot in the arm.   There has been a lot of talk--and I heard it again today on the  floor--that this is going to be bad for the deficit. I think there will  be about $44 trillion of new revenue coming in, estimated, over the  next 10 years. Yes, out of that amount of money, we are suggesting a  $1.5 trillion tax cut relative to the score--the budget--we have to  use.   What does that mean? About $500 billion of that is simply saying, the  Budget Office says the existing tax policy in place is only temporary.  Some of it is only temporary. These are the so-called extenders. We  know that is unlikely because we have always pretty much made these  permanent, including a big one called bonus depreciation, which is most  of that. Right away we think the way it is scored is not fair so we get  down to about $1 trillion in tax relief over 10 years, again, with $44  trillion coming in.   What does that mean? It means you have to have a little more economic  growth than is projected in order to not have a deficit and actually  pay down the deficit through more revenue coming in. I think that will  happen. Why do I say that? Because the projections we have to use are  very conservative. The Congressional Budget Office is what we are  using, and we are obliged to do that, which is fine. It is a  nonpartisan group. They are saying economic growth over the next 10  years will average about 1.9 percent of growth. The average over the  past 30 years is about 2.5 percent. So they are saying our economy is  not going to grow as fast as it has in the last 30 years. We will see.  In the last two quarters, the economy grew at 3 percent and 3.1 percent  so they don't seem to be on track with where the economy is going right  now.   More importantly to me, these proposals are pro-growth proposals-- whether it is help with regard to the business rate, which gets it  below the rate of other industrialized countries rather than the  highest rate in the entire industrialized world, which is where we are  now. We have the highest rate in the industrialized world, and we are  getting it below the average. That will increase investment and  economic activity and jobs and, therefore, revenue.   If it is the immediate expensing,--again, where you can write down  your investments right away--that will increase investment in jobs,  according to all the economists who look at that. They may differ on  how much.   If you look at the international side, where we are going to bring  back some of that $2.5 trillion to $3 trillion that is stuck overseas,  that certainly is going to be invested here in this country and help  with regard to economic growth.   There are a number of provisions. I talked about the small business  provisions earlier which will help small businesses to be able to  innovate, to be entrepreneurial, which is what we need more of--more  new starts. That is going to help.   All of that together is going to help with economic growth. How much?  Instead of the 1.9 percent conservative estimate they have made for the  next 10 years, let's say it grows 0.4 percent more than projected. I  would attribute at least that much to this tax reform proposal because  of what we just talked about, but if you believe it is going to grow at  0.4 percent more than projected; in other words, instead of 1.9  percent, 2.3 percent--2.3 percent growth would be below the average  over the last 30 years--then you will actually see the deficit start to  come down because of this tax reform proposal because the revenue will  be there, not just to make it revenue neutral, but beyond that we will  actually pay down the deficit. We haven't done that in a while.   Back in 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, we went through this before. We began  to reduce the deficit annually. Do you know how it happened?  Constraining spending helped, and that is part of our challenge in the  Congress--how do we get our hands around the spending--but second is  growing the economy. In that  [[Page S7046]]  case, the capital gains rate of taxation was reduced. Then, suddenly,  in the late 1990s, about $100 billion of revenue that nobody expected  showed up in the coffers. That is how we got to a so-called balanced  budget a few years early because tax revenues were greater than  expected.   I believe this will happen again. I believe that when you look at  this proposal, it is conservative in the sense that it says: Yes, let's  provide needed middle-class tax relief. Let's also do these things to  grow the economy. Let's assume that because of all this, we are going  to be able to improve the economic performance that is projected.   It is a pretty disappointing projection. Let's face it, 1.9 percent  growth isn't great for any of us. It isn't great to deal with the  issues of poverty. It isn't great to deal with the issues of  entrepreneurship and innovation. It isn't going to help us to afford  the entitlements that are growing. We need better growth than that, we  want more growth, and I think tax relief is the single-most important  thing we can do right now.   Yes, we should have more regulatory relief. Yes, we should do better  in terms of getting the cost of healthcare under control. People are  concerned about costs rising so fast, and we haven't been able to  grapple with that issue. Yes, we should do more on worker training. We  have a skills gap in this country. We have jobs available, and yet we  don't have the skilled workforce to take those jobs. Yes, we can do  more in terms of helping grow the economy through education and other  things, but the one policy area that is crying out for reform is our  tax system. It is antiquated. It is out of date. It is driving jobs  overseas. It makes no sense. It can be simplified, and this simplifies  the Tax Code. It can be made more fair, and this makes it more fair by  helping the middle class more. It can encourage economic growth, and it  does so through small business relief and relief for our multinational  companies. It can help bring back trillions of dollars stuck overseas.  That is what this does. That is the whole idea here.   I am excited about this opportunity. The House of Representatives is  working on their legislation now in committee. Next week, that will  shift to the Senate and the Senate Committee on Finance. We will have  the opportunity for an open process. As I noted, we have already had 70  hearings in the Finance Committee just over the past 7 years since I  have been in this Chamber. We have had working groups, including the  bipartisan one I mentioned earlier, the five bipartisan working groups  of that committee.   We will have the opportunity at our hearing next week to have an open  process--anybody can offer an amendment--and open discussion. We will  have an interesting debate. It will be spirited. As we saw here today,  we have some differences of opinion, but let's stick to the facts.  Let's not make this partisan. Let's stick to the merits. Let's try to  help the American people and our economy.   Then we will come to the floor of the U.S. Senate, and the same thing  will happen--an open process. Every desk you see in here represents a  Senator who will have the opportunity, should he or she wish, to offer  an amendment, to have a debate, to discuss the issue. It will be  spirited at times, but, again, I hope it will lead to a result that  actually helps do the things we were elected to do: to give our  constituents--the people we represent--the chance to have a better  life; to give middle-class families a little relief as they are facing  this middle-class squeeze; to help grow this economy from the middle  out, from the bottom up, from everywhere; to give us the ability to  say, once again, that America is that shining example, that beacon of  hope and opportunity for the rest of the world. That is what this is  about.   Let's not blow this opportunity. Let's get it done, let's get it to  the President's desk for his signature before the end of this year, and  let's make good on the commitments we have made to our constituents to  help create a better economy and a better future.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 4:30 p.m. today, Tuesday, November 7,  there be 30 minutes of post-cloture time remaining on the Engel  nomination, equally divided between the leaders or their designees;  that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the  confirmation of the Engel nomination; and that if confirmed, the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; further, that  there be 2 minutes, equally divided, prior to the cloture vote on the  Robb nomination.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   