 Mr. President, in light of National Police Week, I rise  today in support of our men and women serving in law enforcement.   Police week is a good time for reflection and remembrance. It is a  time to honor those who serve and protect us. While we honor our  dedicated law enforcement officers this week, I want, specifically, to  recognize those fallen officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice-- their lives--for our safety.   In Arizona we lost three officers this year: Officer Leander Frank of  the Navajo Nation Police Department, Officer David Van Glasser of the  Phoenix  [[Page S3003]]  Police Department, and Officer Darrin Reed of the Show Low Police  Department. Today we honor the memory of these fallen heroes and pledge  to never forget their sacrifice.   While the work we do in Congress pales in comparison to the service  of these brave men and women, it is my privilege to sponsor several  pieces of legislation to support our law enforcement officers. I have  joined with Senator Hatch to introduce the Rapid DNA Act, a bill that  gives State and local law enforcement agencies a way to upload a  suspect's DNA analysis to a Federal offender database for immediate  identification. This immediate cross-hit within the Federal system will  help officers at the local level to process criminals faster and more  accurately.   I have also teamed up with Senator Feinstein to introduce the  bipartisan Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. That  legislation criminalizes the failure to report to law enforcement  incidents of suspected child abuse in amateur athletics. In addition to  helping prevent sexual abuse crimes, this bill will aid State and local  law enforcement investigating allegations of child sexual abuse by  providing them with more information faster.   I have also supported Senator Cornyn's American Law Enforcement  Heroes Act. That bill affirms a well-established practice of hiring  veterans at the local level to serve as new law enforcement officers.  Together, these bills will enhance law enforcement investigations and  encourage better hiring practices for new law enforcement jobs.   I also want to recognize the local police officers and sheriffs in  Arizona, along with those on the border who are serving on the  frontlines of immigration enforcement. These men and women put their  lives on the line every time they go out on patrol. For them,  immigration policy is not a hypothetical exercise.   Despite the critical role these entities play in assisting their  Federal partners with immigration enforcement, current Federal policy  leaves them exposed to the threat of costly litigation. That is because  third-party groups that oppose detention have threatened local agencies  that choose to comply with valid detainer requests with lawsuits. Using  punitive legal action to punish law enforcement for good-faith efforts  to keep people safe is wrong. That is why a group of Arizona sheriffs  came to me for help, and with their guidance, we drafted a bill  requiring the Department of Homeland Security to protect State and  local law enforcement entities from lawsuits that uphold valid detainer  requests from ICE. This solution will enable officers to fulfill their  law enforcement responsibilities without second-guessing whether or not  to keep potentially dangerous criminal aliens in custody. It is a  recognition that local law enforcement shouldn't be left to shoulder  the burden of Washington's failure to secure our borders and to  implement a workable enforcement policy.   It has been my privilege to work on this effort with the Arizona  Sheriffs Association, the Western States Sheriffs' Association, the  Southwest Border Sheriff's Coalition, and the Texas Border Sheriff's  Coalition. I want especially to thank Sheriff Mascher of Yavapai  County, Sheriff Daniels of Cochise County, Sheriff Wilmot of Yuma  County, and Sheriff Clark of Navajo County for their work on this bill.   To many, Police Week is an annual opportunity to recognize the  service of the many selfless men and women in law enforcement, but it  should also serve as a solemn reminder of the risks they take and the  sacrifices they make day in and day out. It is for this that they have  my support, my respect, and my thanks, and they have it year-round.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kansas.   