 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of S. Con. Res.  3 that would begin the process to repeal ObamaCare.   Our experimentation in the Soviet-style, central planning of our  healthcare system has been an abject failure: ObamaCare has failed our  middle and working class families who  [[Page H497]]  have seen an uncontrollable increase in deductibles and premiums; it  has failed our providers who spent years pursuing their passion for  healing our sick but now find themselves spending more time filling out  paperwork than caring for their patients; it has failed our small  businesses that create 64 percent of the jobs in this country.   Although the pathway of ObamaCare has been paved with good  intentions, it has led to a series of disastrous, unintended  consequences. To use a medical analogy, ObamaCare has made America  sick; and when America is sick, rural America is in the ICU.   I represent 29 rural counties in west Texas, ag producers, oil and  gas and renewable energy operators, community bankers, and community  hospitals. Like many rural areas throughout the country, my district is  feeding and clothing the American people, bolstering our economy, and  strengthening our national security.   While large hospitals also suffer under ObamaCare, community  hospitals are simply unable to handle the crushing weight of ACA's  shrinking reimbursements, regulatory burden, and unfunded mandates.  Since ObamaCare was implemented, 80 rural hospitals have closed and 600  more are in danger of closing. Without access to quality health care,  our hardworking families in middle America are left high and dry.   The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Chairman, one of the greatest travesties of  ObamaCare is not just the damage that it has done to our economy, but  the destruction of a way of life of over 60 million Americans who call  small town America their home. Whether it is producing reliable and  affordable energy or a safe and abundant supply of food, people from  all over the country rely on rural communities to make America great.   We must repeal ObamaCare, restore market forces, and return to  patient-centered care.   