 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  1180, the so-called Working Families Flexibility Act.   The name of this bill is pretty deceiving. In reality, this  legislation only worsens the significant problem of wage theft.  Violators of our wage and hour laws do not need another way to cheat  workers out of their pay, but that is exactly what H.R. 1180 gives  them.   The problem of wage theft has reached epidemic proportions, and  overtime violations are too common. All H.R. 1180 does is give  dishonest employers who want to steal workers' paychecks any number of  smoke screens--like denying requested and hard-earned time off because  it would be an undue burden to business operations--to hide behind.   Further, we know from experience that significant litigation over  payment of wages owed under comp time programs in the public sector  exist. Yet this legislation includes no additional funding for the  Department of Labor to enforce or implement these provisions.   Even worse, this legislation is being considered while President  Trump has proposed a severe 21 percent budget cut to DOL. It simply  makes no sense to give unscrupulous employers another mechanism for  stealing workers' hard-earned paychecks while providing no additional  resources for employees who need help recovering their stolen pay.   I would like to share a story from a New Yorker who has felt the  direct and negative consequences of wage theft and comp time. During  her 40-plus years as a secretary, word processor, and paralegal, she  worked hundreds of extra hours and was frequently promised comp time.  She never received it.  [[Page H3045]]  Not once. Further, any overtime pay was usually conveniently forgotten,  and she feared she would lose her job if she asked for her rightful pay  or promised time off.   Rather than protect employees like this woman, H.R. 1180 will do the  opposite and produce more of these unjust horrendous stories.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Shimkus). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, I offered an amendment during the markup  of this bill which would have stopped this legislation from enabling  bad actors to cheat workers out of their pay. It would have exempted  willful and repeated violators of the minimum wage and overtime  protections from this act, but my Republican colleagues unanimously  voted against this amendment, a clear indication of where they stand on  protecting hardworking Americans.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill.   