 Mr. President, let me thank the ranking member for his  kind comments. I thank the chairman for his continuous engagement in  this regard and his leadership.   I remind my colleagues that what gave us the vehicle to consider  Russia and North Korea was the countering Iran act that I was pleased  to author with the chairman and with the ranking member and other  colleagues in a bipartisan approach.   When we started on Iran, there were those who wanted to look only at  its intercontinental ballistic missile violations. I and others  persisted and said: Wait a minute. Iran is far more nefarious in its  activities--beyond intercontinental ballistic missiles.   It is collective leadership that brought us to a much broader bill  that we are about to vote on today, where Iran is being pursued for the  violation of its international order.   We just had the Prime Minister of Lebanon here, and he was saying to  us: If you are concerned about Hezbollah, then find where the source of  the  [[Page S4389]]  money is. The source of money for Hezbollah is Iran. If you are  concerned about intercontinental ballistic missiles, I would add, it is  Iran. If you are concerned about the greatest exporter of terrorism, it  is Iran. If you are concerned about human rights violations within  Iran, it is the leadership of Iran.   This is about sending a message to Iran that, in fact, when you  violate the international order, there are consequences to it. It is  about sending a message to Russia that when you violate the  international order, annex Crimea, invade Ukraine, indiscriminately  bomb civilians in Syria--and then when you try to affect the elections  of the United States of America, you have a cyber attack, from my view,  on the election process.   We can debate whether it affected the election. That is not the  issue. The mere fact that Russia tried to affect our elections should  be upsetting from the average citizen to the President of the United  States. We have an opportunity to make very clear to Russia and to any  other nation that this will not be tolerated.   Finally, to North Korea: North Korea's dangerous provocations in its  path to nuclear weapons and a delivery system to be able to deliver  those nuclear weapons are some of the greatest challenges we have.   We have an opportunity to come here today and say: You have to  observe the international order. We have to go back to the basis of the  rules that ultimately came about after our leadership in World War II  to preserve the international order that has brought us peace and  prosperity.   There are only a handful of peaceful diplomacy tools you can pursue.  One of them is the use of sanctions in order to try to prod countries  to move in a certain direction and to observe the international order.  That is our opportunity today with Iran, with Russia, with North Korea.  I hope we will seize it unanimously because when we do that, we send  the most powerful message in the world that the United States-- Democrats, Republicans, Independents--stand together in terms of  defending the national interests and security of the United States.   I yield the floor.   