 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this  resolution, providing congressional disapproval of a rule submitted by  the SEC relating to disclosure of payment by resource extraction  issuers.   Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires a public company engaged  in the commercial development of natural gas, minerals, or oil to  report payments made to foreign governments for these natural  resources.    At a time when our President and my Republican colleagues are looking  to cut regulations on businesses, the SEC estimates that ongoing  compliance costs for this rule to be as high as $591 billion. Let me  say that again: one agency, one rule, $591 billion.   Let me go back to something many of my colleagues have already  mentioned today, the SEC mission. I will quote from their own website.  The mission of the SEC is to ``protect investors, maintain fair,  orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation.''   If investor protection is truly the mission of the SEC, then why was  this provision of the Dodd-Frank listed in the section titled  ``miscellaneous provisions''?   Mr. Speaker, American companies should be protected, and no one  denies that. But to put them at a competitive disadvantage against  their foreign counterparts by implementing this rule is just plain  wrong.   Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle will argue that  Republicans are gutting an important transparency policy meant to  combat corruption. Well, Mr. Speaker, my response to those claims are  this: Republicans are the party of transparency. We value  accountability. But in this instance, the Dodd-Frank Act instructed a  Federal agency, without any substantial experience in resource  extraction or foreign policy, to craft this mandatory disclosure for  certain public companies. As many of my colleagues have said today,  industry is already publicly disclosing the work they do in foreign  countries and will continue to do so. The difference is simple; they do  it at a level that does not cause competitive harms.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this  resolution and erase a top-down, Washington-knows-best provision that  is harmful to American companies and American investors. We should and  can do it better.   In God We Trust.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.   