 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, we are debating today what is being called an  infrastructure bill. I wish that were actually the case. Our country  certainly needs Congress to take action to address our country's  infrastructure needs, yet this Congress is spending its time today  debating another sham infrastructure bill that won't actually provide a  single cent for real infrastructure.   Our Nation currently spends less on infrastructure as a percentage of  our GDP than at any time during the past 20 years, and it shows. Far  too many areas around the country have infrastructure that is crumbling  before our eyes. We have seen this occur with the recent tragedy and  the situation for water at the Oroville Dam in California, and this  bill offers no solutions for these issues. In truth, this bill is  simply an environmental deregulation bill disguised as an  infrastructure bill.   Now, the bill's proponents have claimed that environmental laws, and  specifically NEPA, are blocking new dam construction. This claim, Mr.  Chairman, simply put, is bunk. According to the Bureau of Reclamation,  not a single dam has been denied construction because of a lack of  coordination between Reclamation and other agencies or because of  delays associated with environmental review or permitting.   So why do we not see all sorts of new dams sprouting up around the  West like we did for years and years in the previous century?   Because there is no new water to be captured, and because, frankly,  all the best dam locations around the West were taken in the previous  century when we had a heck of a dam-building spree.   New dams don't get built because they don't yield enough water to  justify their multibillion-dollar price tags. You can ask the CRS if  you don't believe other experts. In 2012, the Congressional Research  Service found that the most likely causes of delay for major  infrastructure projects are a lack of funding and State permitting  issues, not environmental laws.   Now, new surface storage may be appropriate in some cases. The fact  is, however, that much of the United States is already saturated with  dams because of that dam-building spree we had in the previous century.  The United States built tens of thousands of dams in the 20th century.  California alone built 1,400 major dams. The best dam sites are already  taken. Other than extraordinarily wet years like this one, thankfully,  in California we are having a hard time even filling up the reservoirs  that we already built.   Despite these facts, my Republican colleagues continue to peddle this  fiction that we have to gut our Nation's environmental laws to build  new dams and other infrastructure. I guess we should not be surprised  because this crusade against our Nation's environmental laws is being  led by a President whose relationship with the truth is complicated at  best.   A couple of weeks ago, President Trump claimed that projects like the  Hoover Dam were built in 5 years because they didn't have to go through  years of permitting and regulation that current infrastructure projects  are subjected to.   Well, the independent fact checkers at The Washington Post evaluated  this claim and they awarded the President's claim, as you can see to my  right, three Pinocchios, which is the rating for statements that  include ``significant factual error and/or obvious contradictions.''   Now, the fact checkers noted that, according to the U.S. GAO, 95  percent of public infrastructure projects are actually excluded from  environmental reviews under current law. They further pointed out that  the President ignored the many years of planning, permitting,  negotiating, and preparing that was required to make sure that projects  like the Hoover Dam were financially feasible and actually had public  support.   In fact, dam planning on the Colorado River began in 1902, yet the  Hoover Dam was not completed until 1937. Not completed, I might add,  until the Roosevelt administration put actual public infrastructure  dollars on the table to get that project financed and moving. The  project took many years because, even despite the absence of modern  environmental laws, big complicated projects take time to plan and  finance, and they always have.   I am sorry that my Republican colleagues refuse to let such facts get  in the way of their decades-long crusade against our country's bedrock  environmental laws, but I hope we will eventually move on from this  debate and get on to addressing real problems affecting our  infrastructure, and that real problem is investment.   In terms of water infrastructure, our Nation is still not making  necessary investments like water reuse projects and recycling projects.  These are 21st century infrastructure projects that can provide us with  water supplies that don't depend on the whims of an increasingly  unpredictable hydrology. Given our changing climate, we can no longer  rely exclusively on our 20th century infrastructure projects like dams.   Despite this, we have barely scratched the surface on building modern  water infrastructure projects like reuse, recycling, desalination,  groundwater storage, storm water capture, and water-use efficiency  projects. Our country currently reuses less than 10 percent of our  Nation's wastewater. Climate change will require us to do better. As  George W. Bush's Reclamation Commissioner once said, the reuse of  wastewater and recycled water could actually be the next river for the  Western United States to tap for critical water supply.   This Congress should be working across the aisle to fully tap that  next great river for the 21st century.   Reoperating existing facilities, modernizing those operations, is  another example of something we should be working together on across  the aisle.   All around the West we are dealing with dams and reservoirs that are  being operated with the best technology from decades ago. The flood  control manual at Oroville Dam, for example, hasn't been updated  since 1970, which actually makes it cutting edge when compared to many  of the reservoirs that are operating on 1950s flood control manuals. We  are using slide rules instead of computers, with meteorological  predictions that are based on historic data, backward-looking data,  instead of looking up at the sky and using the data from modern  satellite technology.    At Folsom Dam, we are watching a long overdue update to operations as  part of a new auxiliary spillway. Forecast-informed operations, which  is something that I have long advocated as part of comprehensive water  legislation, is something we could work on together, and it would  provide significant increases in water supply.   If my Republican friends are interested in expediting environmental  reviews for infrastructure projects, then there is another thing that  we can work on together, and that is we can end the slashing of budgets  in Federal agencies that are in charge of environmental reviews for  infrastructure projects. Budget cuts do nothing but hamper the ability  of these agencies to participate in the review process and to protect  our other Nation's fisheries and other natural resources.  [[Page H5084]]    This bill before us today compounds the problem by further  undercutting the important role these agencies play to protect our  natural resources. That is why several conservation and fishing  industry groups have warned that this Congress should reject this bill,  that it threatens tens of thousands of jobs in the fishing industry  across the Pacific Coast.   Many of our Nation's iconic fisheries are already on the brink of  extinction. We have heard firsthand in our committee from the fishermen  struggling to pay their mortgages, boats being scrapped because owners  can't pay mooring fees, homes being repossessed, and restaurants,  hotels, and other retail and service businesses struggling just to  scrape by. Let's not add to these struggles by passing an ill-conceived  bill that does nothing to actually improve our infrastructure.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   I was in the California Legislature for at least one of the those  environmental waiver bills that the majority leader referenced  involving an NFL stadium, and I am glad to hear him criticize that  because I, too, criticized it. It was a bipartisan mistake. I voted  against it.   There was a bit of vindication because at least one of those stadiums  ended up not getting built anyway, despite the environmental waiver,  and it sort of exposed the fact that these environmental laws are often  put forward as scapegoats. We are often told that if you just clear  away the environmental permitting, we can do these things.   There were many other reasons why that stadium didn't get built,  complicated issues involving NFL franchises and financing, which is  usually the real scapegoat when these projects aren't moving forward.  So it is a worthy example to talk about in the context of this bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, the State of California is being mentioned quite a bit in  this conversation.   It bears noting that the State of California is not asking for this  legislation; and, in fact, the State of California has consistently  opposed the rolling back of environmental standards and is busy passing  bill after bill in this State legislative session to try to backfill  for anticipated rollbacks in Federal environmental standards. So,  certainly, if we are talking about the State of California and what it  wants and it needs, its elected leaders are taking a very different  direction than posing the false choice between environmental standards  and infrastructure.   Again, the United States Bureau of Reclamation has emphasized that  there are other factors, that it is not environmental review that has  stopped any water projects in the West. The Congressional Research  Service has reached the same conclusion.   And I just heard from my friend, Mr. McClintock, that we can't build  new reservoirs until we change these laws. Well, I have got to point  out that California has built new reservoirs under current law. You can  ask the folks in Contra Costa County about Los Vaqueros Reservoir.   They didn't need any environmental waivers or special legislation.  They built their dam. And in fact, they are getting ready to move  forward with an expansion of that surface storage project. It should be  broadly supported, and they are not asking for any special tweaks to  the environmental laws. The same would apply to Diamond Valley  Reservoir in southern California.   And, in fact, we have actually added nearly 6 million acre-feet of  new surface and groundwater storage over the past few decades in  California, all while honoring bedrock environmental protections like  ESA and NEPA.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Fresno, California (Mr. Costa).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank my colleague from Orange County for those comments. I have  been to Orange County and I have seen the cutting-edge water management  work taking place in Mr. Rohrabacher's district. Among other things,  they are doing amazing groundwater recharge and water-use efficiency,  water recycling. In fact, they have got one of the most cutting-edge  potable reuse systems in the country. It is their reliance on those  21st century water management tools instead of large reservoirs--that,  for the most part, were running dry during this drought we just went  through--that enabled them to get through the most critical drought any  of us have ever seen in much better shape than any communities around  the State.   So kudos to the forward-looking water managers in Orange County. But  if the gentleman is concerned about low-income people being impacted by  water shortage and water management issues, I really hope he will pay a  visit to my district, because on the north coast of California, you get  the other end of this water management challenge.   The fishing communities of the north coast have been hammered by the  fact that our iconic salmon runs are teetering on the brink of  extinction. We have left very little flow in the rivers, and this  drought only exacerbated the problem.   So I am representing people that are deeply impacted by water  shortage and water management decisions that need to be part of this  consideration instead of trivialized when we talk about water wasting  out through the estuary. This is water that sustains these fishery runs  that have been the lifeblood of the communities in my district for many  years.   Now, just to inject a couple of facts into what has been called a  radical environmental agenda that caused the waste of all of this water  during the drought--in fact, that didn't happen. In 2014, the fact is  only 4 percent of all the runoff in the entire Bay Delta Watershed  flowed to San Francisco Bay solely for environmental protection. In  2015, it was even less. Two percent of the runoff for the entire  watershed made it all the way out to San Francisco Bay solely for  environmental purposes. The rest of that flow that made it through was  to control salinity in the delta so that you could continue to serve  municipal and industrial and other water-use needs. Most of that water  was diverted and used.   We need to remember the facts in what can sometimes be a hyperbolic  discussion of California water.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   It has been a good conversation, but I hope one thing is clear: this  is not an infrastructure bill. This is an environmental deregulation  bill that is masquerading behind the issue of infrastructure.   Environmental laws, environmental reviews are not the reason new dams  have not been built and it is not the reason new dams will not be  built. All of the serious analyses point to other factors, the big one  being they don't generate enough water to justify the huge price tags  that go along with these projects. They are just rarely financeable,  rarely do they make economic sense. So let's not scapegoat the  environmental laws to try to address that problem.   Now, if my colleagues across the aisle are interested in an honest  infrastructure bill, including a water infrastructure bill, they will  find a lot of willing partners across the aisle, including myself. We  have put forth all sorts of ideas. We want to see water infrastructure.  Surface storage and new dams can be part of that, but we have got to  put real dollars on the table. We have got to do what prior generations  did when they got serious about building infrastructure, and not hide  behind this ulterior agenda of gutting our environmental laws,  repackaging that, and representing that as being responsive to our  Nation's critical need for new infrastructure. This bill simply doesn't  meet that test.   I request that my colleagues vote ``no,'' and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Fresno, California (Mr. Costa).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I, unfortunately, must oppose this  amendment. I am not sure if it was the intent of my friend, Mr.  LaMalfa, but it appears that this amendment would prioritize permitting  surface storage projects under the WIIN Act and not groundwater storage  WIIN Act projects.   The WIIN Act, of course, authorized money for both surface and  groundwater storage projects. These projects are yet to be named and  prioritized. That still needs to happen.   Yet this amendment applies this bill's streamlining provisions to  WIIN's ``State-led projects for new surface water storage projects.''   Now, providing surface storage above all other types of water  infrastructure projects certainly is in keeping with some of the  obsession with new dams that we have heard from my colleagues across  the aisle. But the truth is, there are all sorts of other worthy  projects that are needed if we are going to get serious about water  infrastructure in California; and to put a thumb on the scale for one  particular kind is not the right way to go.   So, Mr. Chairman, I respectfully request a ``no'' vote, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time.   I rise in support of this amendment.   My colleague across the aisle just asked the rhetorical question: Why  is this amendment needed?   It is needed because fishing jobs matter. The people whom I represent  on the north coast of California and also other fishing communities up  and down the Pacific Coast, including Oregon and Washington, their jobs  matter, and their limited opportunity to have their interests  considered when a dam project is moving forward is what is shortened by  the streamlining in this bill.   Their interests are already subordinated oftentimes, but they get  subordinated even further by the streamlining in this case, which  places the Bureau of Reclamation, the proponent of the new dam, in  charge of the administrative record, which places the fish agencies-- which often advance the interests of protecting fisheries--in a  subordinate role to the Bureau of Reclamation that controls the  administrative record, which imposes shortened timelines to make it  even harder for their interests to be considered.   Fishing jobs matter. And the truth is, right now, in my district and  in many other fishing communities, people are hurting because they have  been damaged by poorly operated and poorly permitted dams.   Let's not make things worse. This amendment is absolutely necessary,  and I urge an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   