 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am coming to the floor to talk about  the challenge we have with forest fires that have been raging in the  West, in Montana and Idaho and Washington and Oregon and California,  and periodically we have devastating fires in Colorado, New Mexico, and  Nevada.   We have to figure out how we do a better job in a multitude of ways.  First, it is very important that we quit treating terrible fire years,  enormous fires, as if they are some ordinary event because there is  currently no FEMA-style reaction to terrible forest fires.   We respond with FEMA for tornadoes and for floods and for tidal waves  and for hurricanes and for earthquakes but not forest fires. Well, the  result is, the Forest Service runs out of funds to fight the fires in a  bad year, and then they have to drain all the other programs they are  working on, including the programs to prepare for future timber cuts,  the programs to thin the forests, the programs to repair the  infrastructure in the Federal forests, all these other efforts, and  then they can't resume those efforts until we have restored their  funding, which can come often far later.   This fire borrowing has to end. That is why we absolutely need to  support the bill Senator Wyden, Senator Crapo, and others have been  working on to say: Let's create a FEMA-like structure for these worst  fires so we end this fire-borrowing devastation of the fire accounts.  That absolutely needs to happen.   Right now, there are three funding issues we need to address. First,  we need to help out the communities that have been impacted  economically by these devastating fires. Some have been scorched  directly, others have been profoundly affected by the smoke in the  community, others have been affected by highways being shut down, and  others have been impacted by tourism dropping dramatically. So it is  very important that we send a message to the Department of Agriculture,  the Small Business Administration, and the Department of Housing and  Urban Development to say: Use your emergency programs to assist these  communities. We really should make sure they are at the front of the  line, along with those who have suffered the disasters in Texas,  Florida, and Puerto Rico, for emergency loans and assistance from the  Small Business Administration and for an augmented share of community  development block grants to assist them in a very flexible fashion.   I had the chance to meet this weekend with leaders in the Rogue  Valley to talk about how smoke had affected them, and company after  company after company had been dramatically impacted. Some you would  say was obvious. If you have a zip line company and tourists aren't  coming because the smoke is very thick, you are going to be impacted,  but others are a little less obvious; for example, the production of  wine and the potential impact of the smoke and the fires directly on  the harvest but then also on perhaps tainting the flavor of the wine,  which will have an impact down the road.   So we need to make sure we do all we can to assist these communities  just as we are assisting the communities that have been devastated by  Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, and Irma.   The second thing we need to do is, we need to include $200 million in  the next package, the third tranche of assistance for the disasters  this year. We need $200 million to fund the repair and replacement of  infrastructure and trail infrastructure damaged--the buildings and the  trails that were damaged by these forest fires. Now, that $200 million,  that goes half to trails and infrastructure that were damaged by the  hurricanes and half to those impacted by the fires. Essentially, the  damage was roughly equally split. Without this type of funding, the  Forest Service will be forced to postpone or cancel projects in fiscal  year 2018 to accommodate the recovery. It will compromise the work to  remove hazardous trees for public safety, road and trail maintenance,  restoring vegetation in watersheds, and rehabilitating wildlife and  fish habitat.   The third thing we have to do is seize the moment and invest in fire  resilience. Every single time we have a fire season like this--and this  season we spent almost twice as much, on average, to fight the fires-- people ask: Why don't we do more on the front end to reduce the risk of  these fires?   Well, that is such logical thinking to do more on the front end. What  do they mean by that? We have millions of acres of second-growth  forests. We clearcut them. Some of them regrew naturally. Others were  replanted. We replant virtually everything now. After 10 or 20 years,  the trees are very close together. The branches are very close to the  ground. This is prime territory for fires. Fires love this. Disease  loves this. So it becomes a real problem unless you go in and thin the  trees enormously--take out a lot of those trees--and proceed to get rid  of the hazardous fuels of branches that accumulate on the ground and so  forth. But if you do those two things, those forests become much more  resistant to fire.   When you are doing this on a stand that is a bit older--20 or 30  years older--you also get a significant supply of sawlogs for the  mills. So this is a real win-win situation. You get a forest that is  better in resisting fire, you get a forest that is better in resisting  disease, you get a forest that is better for timber stands, and you get  a forest that is better in terms of being an ecosystem. With all that  winning, we need to do more to make it actually happen.   In my State of Oregon, there are 1.6 million acres that have already  gone through the environmental process. They are ready to be thinned  and have the hazardous fuels removed. In Washington State, it is at  least 400,000 acres. There are probably hundreds of thousands of acres  in every State from Montana and Idaho to California, Nevada, and New  Mexico.   This picture shows the difference. This road right here had a stand  on the left that had not been thinned. If you can make out the colors,  these trees are dead. They are all brown--dead trees because of the  heat of the fire when it swept through. This side of the road had been  treated. The trees had been thinned. The brush had been  [[Page S6796]]  taken out from below. They often call that mowing. It has had  prescriptive fire in it, which means after you have thinned it, you may  go 10 or 15 years, and then let fire burn up the shrubs at the base.  Therefore, on this side of the road, the forest is undamaged.   In fact, I went out to this area outside of Sisters, OR, this last  weekend. It is just remarkable how the area that had been thinned and  treated with mowing and prescription fire became very resistant to the  fire that was sweeping toward Sisters. It really helped the Forest  Service fight the fire because they could easily maneuver through the  area that had been thinned, much more than the area that hadn't been  thinned. So that Milli fire was stopped before it got to Sisters,  thankfully. In other places where the forest hadn't been thinned, the  outcome might have been very different.   Let's invest now in this win-win. Let's not succumb to the  traditional timber wars of the past. After fires like this, there are  those folks who come along and say: We just need to clearcut  everything. Let's do a 10,000-square-foot timber sale with no  environmental review and allow everything to be cut. That was the  1950s. In fact, we have a bill in this Chamber that says: Do exactly  that, and you can take out the old growth and the big trees. The irony  of that is those are the trees that are actually fire resistant. Those  are the trees you want to leave.   This is a solution that brings the environmental world and the timber  world together and provides a supply of sawlogs for our mills. Let's  make that type of vision happen. But to do that, we have to fund the  effort. We have to have the funds to be able to go in and do that  thinning and mowing and fire prescription. That is why we are asking  for about $600 million to help thin the forests of Montana, Idaho,  Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, New Mexico, and wherever else  there is a forest that has gone through that environmental review. It  is ready for action. Let's put Americans to work in those forests in  this win-win strategy.   Three things we need to do: Help our communities that are scorched,  proceed to invest in emergency repair of the damaged infrastructure on  our forest lands, and invest a significant $500 to $600 million in  thinning the forests that have already gone through environmental  review.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Indiana.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Indiana for  joining me on the floor today to raise awareness of the ethnic  cleansing that has been occurring on the other side of our planet,  ethnic cleansing by the Burmese military against the Rohingya Muslim  minority.   Just last week, together we sent a letter to U.N. Ambassador Nikki  Haley. It was signed by 21 of our colleagues. It called for ``tangible  actions against the Burmese government to end the violence, to help the  Burmese people and make clear that there will be consequences for those  who commit such atrocities against civilians.''   I am pleased to partner with my colleague on this. I think he will  share some remarks, and then I will follow up with some remarks of my  own.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Indiana.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of my colleague  and the opportunity for us to work together to help shine a light on  this moment of great atrocities in the world. A great deal of what we  are calling for is for America to do more to shine a light on it and  for the world to work together, not just to shine a light on it but to  end it and to proceed to have as much healing as can possibly take  place.   I thank my colleague from Indiana for being deeply in this  conversation. It is a real pleasure to work on the Foreign Relations  Committee together.   We must address this situation. According to a report from the U.N.  High Commissioner for Human Rights, ``government forces and Buddhist  extremists in Burma have carried out `a well-organized, coordinated and  systematic' campaign of human rights violations against the Muslim  Rohingya in Myanmar's Rakhine State,'' with a strategy to ``instill  deep and widespread fear and trauma--physical, emotional and  psychological--among the Rohingya population.'' This comes after the  commissioner's statement that this ``security operation,'' as they  refer to it, in Burma was ``a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.''   As we ponder international relations, we see from time to time that  one group, somewhere in the world, will respond to deep tribal impulses  and prejudices and seek to wipe out another group. These are horrific  moments in history, and we have seen this movie--this situation--occur  time and again. After such atrocities, the world has said ``never  again''--``never again,'' meaning that we will respond when we see this  happening. We will apply great pressure. We will coordinate with the  world to make sure it stops, because such effort to wipe out another  ethnic group is so unacceptable and it is such a crime against  humanity.   But here we are, and it is happening right now in Burma. It is  happening with a Buddhist nation.   We normally associate the Buddhist religion with a main emphasis on  peaceful conduct. Yet this tribal impulse--these deep prejudices are so  powerful that they overcome whatever peaceful impulse there is, and  they have resulted in a massive effort to wipe out the Rohingya people.  In the course, there have been a massive number of rapes. There have  been children killed right in front of their mothers. There have been  villages surrounded by soldiers and then the village huts set on fire,  and then they have been shot as they flee. This is about as inhumane as  it can get.   Something close to 300 villages have burned to the ground. By some  estimates, 3,000 civilians have been killed. A few weeks ago, we were  talking about 400,000 refugees pouring into Bangladesh. Now, the number  is 600,000 Rohingya refugees.   Roughly half the Rohingyas live in Burma, and those refugees include  300,000 children. Think about the type of trauma those children have  just experienced and the challenges they will have regaining a  foundation to thrive. Then there are those who are internally displaced  inside of Burma, who have been driven out of their villages but haven't  been able to make their way to Bangladesh. This is the challenge we  face.   There is an area of Bangladesh called Cox's Bazar. That is where  these two main refugee camps are. International aid groups are working  to quickly get as many resources as they can into this area so that  people do not starve and so that medical wounds can be addressed. But  there is still a significant lack of food, a lack of clean water, and a  lack of sanitary bath and toilet facilities. That condition is ripe for  spreading disease--diseases like cholera.   When I was home in Oregon, I met with a group of Rohingya refugees  who came and settled in Oregon. As we can imagine, they have a very  personal connection to what is happening. Some of them have distant  relatives still there. Some have immediate family members. They don't  know exactly what has happened to everyone in the middle of this chaos.   We also heard about villages that didn't get burned down but where  the military was blockading people from leaving the village to go to  the fields to secure food and blocking them from leaving the fields and  going back into the village, probably responding to international  outrage over villages being burned and essentially resorting to a  strategy of starving out the villages to drive people away. Imagine  being trapped in one of those villages, knowing what is happening to  village after village after village, knowing children have been  slaughtered, women have been raped and often killed, and men have been  shot. The desperation is enormous.   I heard firsthand accounts of conditions of refugees from Reza Uddin,  who had just returned from a 2-week trip to visit them. He told  powerful and moving stories about children who had been brutalized,  children who had been separated from their parents, children who might  possibly now be orphans because it is not clear if their parents are  still alive or, if alive, where they are.   The world collectively has not done enough. The community of nations  has not done enough to address this unspeakable brutality. Bangladesh  should be complimented for accepting these refugees fleeing for their  lives. They have been cooperative. It is a challenge for them, and we  should acknowledge that. We should continue to ask them to do  everything possible and to give the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees  and various aid organizations full opportunity, full access, and full  authority to be in and assist those in these refugee camps.   The United States, the United Kingdom, and the United Nations have  condemned the actions of the Burmese, and that is certainly  appropriate, but we haven't done enough. We have not taken the steps to  which my colleague referred to strengthen sanctions or coordinate  international countries to all weigh in. The only thing that will make  a real difference here is pressure on the Burmese military. They are in  charge. We can criticize the civilian government in Burma, and many  have, and they have been unable to stop what  [[Page S6799]]  is going on and sometimes often reflect the prejudices that contributed  to this, but it is the military that makes the decisions.    We had testimony from the State Department yesterday, and one of the  officials used the term ``vigilantes'' for what the vigilantes are  doing in this oppression. That is not the right term to use. This is  not uncoordinated action. This is action coordinated through the  military decision-making process. You don't surround camps, you don't  have significant planning that goes into it, and have it just be  vigilantes. Vigilantes may be involved, but they are not the driving  force. They might be assisting the soldiers in some cases, but this is  a coordinated act of the military of Burma, and it is important that  the community of nations convey to the military how unacceptable this  is and that there will be significant consequences.   My colleague has referred to the fact that in this situation no  military sales should be made to such a military. That is important,  but that takes a conversation among nations, and the United States  needs to be deeply engaged in this.   There is a lot of international fundraising going on. There was a  donors conference held on Monday to assist the refugees. It raised  about $200 million or a little more in new funds. That is about $400  per refugee. That is not nearly enough to provide for shelter or care  in a situation with complete lack of access to fields or farming or  support. It is going to take more than that. We should be involved in  working with the United Nations, UNICEF, World Health, UNHCR, or the  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, and the World Food Program to step  up and assist. I certainly believe it would be very helpful to have  President Trump take this issue on and speak from the heart of our  Nation to this dark and evil deed that is happening--that we reject it  and we will partner with the rest of the world to end it.   I do feel that there is a history in which we have helped lead  nations in these situations. We haven't always been there. I know that  President Clinton said that the biggest regret of his administration is  that he didn't respond quickly in Central Africa when the Tutsis and  Hutus went to battle against each other, slaughtering each other with  machetes. This is a chance for us to really respond--to respond  aggressively, to have that moral clarity, and to exercise that  leadership in the world. I join my colleague in calling for such action  for more assistance, with the aid to both Burma and Bangladesh, for the  moral clarity to take action that pressures the Burmese military in a  significant and compelling way and to provide assistance in the right  of return--the ability of these individuals to be able to return to  their villages.   Traditionally, this group has been denied citizenship. Early on, we  heard from the civilian government in Burma: We will let them come back  if they show they are citizens. No. 1, they have never been granted  citizenship. No. 2, after a horrific situation like this, if they did  have papers, they wouldn't have papers now. They would have been burned  along with the villages. There needs to be a change in attitude, a  change of heart among the Burmese civilian leadership, and certainly  among the military, to lead an effort in the peaceful tradition, the  Buddhist tradition, of embracing this diversity and returning these  people to their land.   Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan now serves as chairman of  the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State. He and his team have laid out  a report with very specific actions--actions that will help end the  cycle of radicalization and the cycle of violence. We need to work to  try to make sure those things are implemented, to show oppressive  governments and the rest of the world that the world will not stand-- that the world will respond, and respond aggressively, in a  coordinated, forceful way when ethnic cleansing occurs. That is the  best deterrent we could have for future atrocities.   Again, I thank my colleague for being in this dialogue and for his  support to shine this light and to take a compelling more forceful  action. Like him, I look forward to meeting with the Ambassador from  Burma later today.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Sarah Finley, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of  the day.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Sarah Finley, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of  the day.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   