 Mr. President, last week the Senate watched the House  and the American people watched the House because the House was on the  verge of taking away access to healthcare for 24 million Americans.  Then last Thursday, a week ago from today, the House said: We are going  to postpone that vote. We are not sure we have the votes to take  healthcare away from 24 million Americans, but maybe we will vote  tomorrow, Friday.   That was 6 days ago. Friday came, and the House said: No, we are not  going to do that vote today because we don't have the votes.   Why didn't they have the votes? Because across the country, millions  of Americans said that taking away healthcare is the wrong thing to  do--to take away healthcare from Medicaid expansion, the Oregon Health  Plan; to take away healthcare by restricting standard Medicaid as it  existed before ACA; to take away the healthcare bill of rights that  people so much appreciated; to undermine the ability of low-income  working families to buy policies with significant subsidies on the  exchange--all of that.   The House set it aside. I thought that was tremendous because this  week, we are not going to have a diabolical bill destroying healthcare  here on the floor of the Senate. But the majority party decided: No, we  can't go a week without destroying healthcare, so we are going to put  up this Congressional Review Act that would take healthcare away from 5  million mostly low-income women who gain access to healthcare through  Planned Parenthood. We won't bring up on the floor the bill that failed  in the House for 24 million Americans; no, we will just focus on 5  million mostly low-income women and take away their healthcare.   That is what this vote is about right now, later today. Clearly this  attack on healthcare for women across America is wrong, just as it was  wrong to try to destroy healthcare for 24 million Americans. It is an  attack on women's right to choose what to do with their own bodies. It  is an attack on the basic decency and compassion of the American  people.   Since 1970, the title X family planning provider network has been  dedicated to providing individuals with comprehensive family planning  and critical health services, such as screenings for breast and  prostate cancer and sexually transmitted diseases.   Just in 2015 alone, title X provided basic primary and preventive  healthcare services, including Pap tests and breast exams and birth  control and HIV testing, to more than 4 million low-income women and  men at nearly 4,000 health centers across the country. That is a huge  impact on the health of the individuals served through title X.   In 2010, title X services prevented 87,000 preterm or low birth  weight births. I can tell you, when my wife Mary was carrying each of  our two  [[Page S2131]]  children, I so much hoped that we would not have a complication that  would result in a low birth weight birth or a preterm birth in which  the child might not even survive. So failing to provide that care is  really setting back not just the health of thousands of babies but  maybe affecting whether they live or die.   Title X services prevented 2,000 cases of cervical cancer. That is a  big deal, cervical cancer, and it is a good deed to have title X  services preventing it.   For 40 percent of women in America, their visit to a title X family  planning health center is the only healthcare they receive annually.   So let's be honest about what repealing this rule means. It means  family planning providers can be discriminated against by States that  want to withhold Federal funding from family planning providers for  reasons other than their ability to offer family planning services. It  means less access to quality care and less access to affordable care.   By overriding this regulation, Republicans empower States to pick and  choose who provides services on a criteria that has nothing to do with  the quality of care patients receive. States have done this in the  past, and it resulted in dramatically fewer women accessing critical  family planning and healthcare services.   We know what this is about. It is about any Federal funding for  Planned Parenthood, an organization that provides care and resources to  5 million women every year. They have been doing it for 100 years. And  they are the target. But what has been their mission? Their mission has  been to provide easy and affordable access to address reproductive  health and enable women to make their own decisions about their  healthcare. But now, thanks to this Congressional Review Act proposal  before us, that principle is under attack, that principle of easy and  affordable access to women's healthcare and women's control over  healthcare choices, to keep the politicians out of their choices. This  resolution is about putting the politician in charge of the individual  healthcare decisions of women in America, and that is just wrong.   I encourage my colleagues to take a close look at this. You were  spared having to vote on eliminating healthcare for 24 million  Americans, but now you are required today to vote on eliminating  healthcare for 5 million women--mostly low-income women--in America.  Are you going to attack the healthcare of those women? Are you going to  injure the babies they are carrying? There will be more low birth  weight and preterm babies. That is the wrong thing to do.   Vote no.   