 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the  chairwoman, former chairwoman of the full committee when I first came  to Congress, and a real leader on foreign affairs issues, focused on  Cuba and Venezuela. She has been a real mentor to me, and I want to  thank her for her work on this, giving us the opportunity to speak  tonight.   Again, Ranking Member Sires has been a champion on our subcommittee.  I want to echo the words about Mr. Castro as well. We have got a great  Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere focusing on freedom and  democracy in the Western Hemisphere.   What we see in Venezuela is alarming, as well as it is saddening,  when we hear about Venezuelans who are scrounging for food in the  dumpsters, eating domesticated animals, even flamingos; people who are  hungry because the socialistic policies of the Maduro and the previous  Chavez regime has not worked in Venezuela. A country that has bountiful  natural resources, more oil than Saudi Arabia, should be leading this  hemisphere in economics.   Yet because of the policies of the Chavez and Maduro governments, the  people of Venezuela are continuing to be oppressed. This weekend, more  than 2,000 Venezuelans took to the streets, marking, I think, the 50th  day of protests against this regime. I can't think of any other way to  describe this faux democracy in Venezuela, other than a regime.   The Venezuelan people are standing up and calling for a new  government. They are calling for more democracy, true democracy,  representation in their own government, freedoms that we take for  granted here in this country, freedoms of speech, and the right to  peacefully assemble, the right to participate in their government and  have accountability, the right to petition their government for  grievances. And they have got some grievances against the Maduro  regime.   Yet Maduro continues to oppress the Venezuelan people. It is not  unlike what we have seen in Cuba. Folks, socialism doesn't work, and it  is not working in Venezuela, and they are a prime example. But Maduro  doesn't want to listen to his own people in Venezuela and call for new  democratic elections, where the people elect their representatives to  congress and to the Presidency.   But he has called for elections, and he said just recently: `` `Votes  or bullets. What do the people want?' Maduro asked a crowd of red- shirted supporters waving Venezuela flags at the Miraflores  presidential palace.''   Votes or bullets? Is that how we talk about the democratic process in  a true democracy? I say no, and I tell the Venezuelan people, America  stands with you as you approach democracy.   It is time for more people in this hemisphere and the Organization of  American States, all the member countries, to stand with the Venezuelan  people, and let's change the government in Venezuela through peaceful  means, democratic means, that their Constitution calls for.   But yet, Maduro is ignoring the Constitution. In fact, he got the  Supreme Court to go along with him to discount the National Assembly  there, and, luckily, they reversed course on that because they realized  the world was watching and the world was saying that is not how  democracies operate.   The Venezuelan people need the support of the world, and I call on  the world today to come to the backs, standing with, watching the backs  of the Venezuelan people, because Maduro has told his snipers to get  ready; told his snipers to get ready to attack the protesters that are  protesting a supposed democrat government. Wow.   So I want to thank the chairwoman. I want to thank Ambassador Nikki  Haley, former Governor of South Carolina, who has stood strong in the  U.N. as Ambassador to the U.N. for the Trump administration. I want to  thank her for standing with the Venezuelan people for democratic  principles.   I want to thank all those in this Chamber, including my ranking  member, for having stern and direct conversations with the OAS about  Venezuela.   I want to thank Argentina for what they have done, stepping up to the  plate. These are countries that understand the democratic process.   I want to thank Brazil for actually allowing the democratic process  to work in the country of Brazil through an impeachment of their  President, and allowing the democratic forces to work to return that to  a representative government.   It is time for America to stand with our friends about democratic  principles here. Snipers? That is not how we operate.   