 Mr. President, I join my colleague Senator Thune in  talking about the Defense Authorization Act, which is the bill that is  before the Senate right now.   The preamble to the Constitution says that one of the purposes of the  founding of the government was to ``provide for the common defense.'' I  believe that the No. 1 priority of the Federal Government is to do that  job. There have been lots of arguments about what level of government  can better do lots of other things, but I do not hear many arguments  about what the job of defending the country is all about or who has to  do that job.   When we send our troops into harm's way, it is our job to ensure that  they have the tools they need and that they have the resources they  need to carry out their missions. That is what Chairman McCain has done  in this authorization bill that is before the Senate today.   Senate passage of this bill would mark the 56th year in a row that  Congress has passed the National Defense Authorization Act. It should  give one some indication of how serious that job is. There are very few  things the Congress manages to do every year, but as for the  authorization of how we do what we do, this authorization bill provides  the authorities that the military needs for it to defend the Nation.   The world is a rapidly changing place. Our responsibility to defend  freedom in that world and the freedom of Americans is something that,  every year, needs to be carefully looked at and recalculated and  recalibrated, which is what Chairman McCain and his committee have done  with this bill.   I support the bill, and I want to talk about some of the key  provisions in the bill.   First of all, Senator Thune just mentioned a pay raise of 2.1 percent  for our troops. It is a pay raise they rightfully deserve. It is a pay  raise because of the demands on the military today--the time spent and  what we expect our military to do with fewer resources and fewer  people. We expect them to do a bigger job, and I want to talk about  that a little later. A 2.1-percent pay raise is a pay raise that is  richly deserved by those who defend us.   The bill enhances the capability of our military to defeat ISIS, to  defeat al-Qaida, and to defeat other enemies. Even though this is 16  years after 9/11, we still have a hard time fully understanding the  emerging threat of these enemies--the nontraditional threat, the  nontraditional combatant. These are things we need to continue to look  at carefully, to adjust to, to understand their prowess on social media  and other places and to understand what could happen there.   This bill focuses on terrorism, cyber warfare, and the proliferation  of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery.   By the way, on cyber, the Missouri National Guard has one of the  leading cyber defense units anywhere in the country. As I have said  about this program before, this is a place at which the Reserves and  National Guard can particularly do a great job because they go in and  out of a different environment every day--going to work defending the  utility grid, defending the financial grid--and know what those attacks  are like as they step up and do their work as reservists or guardsmen.   This bill ensures that our men and women in uniform have the  equipment they need to succeed, including looking at the growing  capacity of our enemies. We never want people who are defending us to  be in a fair fight. We always want them to be in an unfair fight, and  we want any advantage that could possibly be given to be on the side of  those who defend our country and defend freedom.   I am glad that this bill projects some of the vital things that  happen in our State and, of course, in the Presiding Officer's State.  Lots of things happen in Alaska, as they do in Missouri.   This bill further advances the need to replace the national  geospatial facility in St. Louis, where 30-plus percent of the people  work who monitor our defense posture from the air. They are looking to  see what is happening, when it is happening, and how it is happening.  It is fully redundant with the facility in Springfield, VA. If one of  those does not work for whatever reason, the other one becomes the 100- percent provider of our geospatial activity that goes on all of the  time.   There is a new hospital at Fort Leonard Wood in this bill. It has  been the No. 1 medical priority for the Defense Department for about a  decade. This funds the first phase of the replacement of that facility.   There is an Air National Guard training facility at Rosecrans in St.  Joseph where our NATO allies go to learn. In recent times, 19 countries  have come and learned the lift capacity--how to use those C-130s in the  most effective and efficient way. That is recognized in this bill.   The AVCRAD, which is the aviation repair facility in Springfield, MO,  is where a $34 million investment would return $62 million in the first  year. They are saving about $111 million at that facility every year  now, but phase 3 in that facility would return $62 million the first  year. I do not know that I have ever talked about a government  investment before from which in the first 6 months you get all of the  money back in a week or so.   The bill also provides robust funding for A-10 maintenance. That A-10  Reserve unit at Whiteman is where the Secretary of the Air Force just  was, and when you are talking to troops on the ground, they would  always like the A-10 in the air, supporting them on the ground.   There is money here for Super Hornets to go on our aircraft carriers.  It does not matter how many aircraft carriers you have if you do not  have the planes to put on the aircraft carriers, and this bill  recognizes that.   Something that I have worked for for some time--and I know the  Presiding Officer understands so well--is the Military Family Stability  Act. It is in this bill, and it was in the Senate bill last year. It  was not able to be in the final bill, but it will be in the final bill  that the House and Senate pass this year, I am confident. The Secretary  of Defense supports it; all of the Joint Chiefs support it; and our  House colleagues have supported it. This is the bill that I filed with  Senator Gillibrand about 3 years ago, which simply provides more  flexibility for our military families.   The strength of the military is in the military family structure.  This allows the family to either move early or stay longer at these  assignments. Normally, they are 2-year to 3-year assignments. Lots can  happen in 2 or 3 years, but not everything else perfectly works out in  2 or 3 years. So for employment reasons or for education reasons, if a  family decides it is to their advantage to use the family support the  military provides, with housing and other benefits, and they stay  another 2 months to finish school, for a teaching contract to end, or  for some other spouse activity to come to a reasonable conclusion or,  frankly, to do just the opposite--to go to the new assignment that you  know you already have, but to do that just a little bit earlier so that  it works better for the family--to start school on time, to start a job  on time, a job that just has to start when that job has to start--they  can do that. As we have more dual-career families in the military, this  is one of the things we can do.   So this allows up to 6 months for the person in the service to  determine where they would like their family benefit to be used, and  then they become responsible for their own upkeep while they have  either gone early or stayed late. But usually that is available.  Bachelor officers' quarters are available at barracks on the base.  Because of that, there is no cost to the Defense Department in doing  the right thing.   I want to thank Chairman McCain for the work he has done on this  particular addition to the bill, as well as Samantha Clark on his  staff, who has worked hard to see to it that this could be not only  workable but easily understandable by the military. I also want  [[Page S5264]]  to thank Congressman Joe Wilson and Congresswoman Susan Davis, who were  key to including these provisions in the House National Defense  Authorization Act. So families will see something--an opportunity here  for them that they haven't seen in the past.   This year's Defense authorization takes the steps necessary to  rebuild our military, but we still have more work ahead of us.   Sadly, this summer, we lost more than 40 servicemembers in accidents  related to readiness challenges that are impacting the military.  Sailors were killed aboard the USS Fitzgerald and the USS John S.  McCain. Marines were killed after a C-130 aircraft crashed in  Mississippi and an MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of Australia.  Soldiers have been lost in helicopter accidents in Hawaii and Yemen.   Just last week, Mackenzie Eaglen with AEI wrote: ``Troops are now  more likely to die in `peacetime' incidents than active hostilities or  combat.''   That is absolutely and totally unacceptable.   Total casualties in Afghanistan, for example, in 2015 were 22, in  2016 were 14, and in 2017 were 11. They were all respected, and it is  regrettable that those lives were lost. In those same years, the  Department of the Navy lost 28 people, 22 people, and this year--not  even over yet--43 people in accidents. We cannot let this continue.   We have asked the military to do too much with too little for too  long, and this bill addresses that.   So there are numerous threats to our Nation, and it is critical that  we not waste any more time in working to resolve our budget issues. We  need to pass this legislation and come up with the appropriations that  then support the authorizing bill and go back to the No. 1 priority of  the Federal Government, which is to defend the country.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from South Dakota.   