 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed as in  morning business.    Mr. President, yesterday, we received President Trump's  first budget submission. He calls it ``A New Foundation for American  Greatness.'' Well, that might get an award for fiction, but it couldn't  be further from the truth.   Instead of building a foundation for the American people, it pulls  the rug out from under them. This budget has to be understood as  something more than just a photo op with a slogan.   The President's budget displays a fundamental lack of understanding  of the role of government of, by, and for the people in supporting the  middle class, lifting up the most vulnerable among us and serving our  values and interests as a Nation. It proposes to cut nondefense  discretionary spending by over $1.5 trillion; that is, $1,500,000,000  over 10 years, including a $54 billion cut in fiscal year 2018 and a  $260 billion cut by 2027. This would be a 40-percent cut to nondefense  programs in 10 years.   This is not only shortsighted, it is irresponsible and unrealistic.  We should be supporting opportunity, and we should be creating jobs,  not eliminating them. What this country needs is jobs. We should be  caring for our veterans. We should promote our health and the  environment. These are important to all people. It doesn't make any  difference what political party you belong to. We shouldn't be  recklessly slashing vital lifelines to the American people.   Sequestration has had devastating consequences for both defense and  nondefense programs. These consequences are going to last a generation.  The Trump budget would only extend and deepen those problems.   We are nearing the Memorial Day break, and I ask Members of both  sides of the aisle: Let's sit down, and let's have Republicans and  Democrats work together, as the Senate is supposed to, and negotiate a  budget deal based on parity. We did this in 2013; we did it in 2015. It  worked well. Such a deal would allow the Senate to provide  appropriations bills that reflect our true, enduring values as a  nation.   The Trump budget proposes over $1.7 trillion in cruel and  unsustainable cuts to important mandatory programs that provide a  safety net of health and nutrition programs to those who are struggling  most in our communities. Can you imagine, in the wealthiest, most  powerful Nation on Earth, we are going to cut out programs to help the  people most in need?   Many of the cuts in the Trump budget come from the Medicaid Program,  where the President doubles down on the dangerous programmatic changes  and cuts included in the TrumpCare bill. Not only would enacting this  budget make it harder for low-income families to receive health  coverage through Medicaid, but the proposal also cuts nearly $6 billion  from the Children's Health Insurance Program, which would force near- poverty children off health insurance.   I know in my own State of Vermont--it is not a wealthy State; it is a  small State. But when we started a program to make sure children had  healthcare, it was costly at first. In the long run, it saved us all a  great deal of money. We were rated every year as the first or second  healthiest State in the Nation. You have to have people healthy from  the time they are children. You cannot suddenly say: Oh, we are going  to spend a fortune when you are adults on illnesses that could have  been taken care of when you were children.   The President's budget proposes significant cuts to the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, which supports food assistance for  individuals and families in need. How does the President expect to make  America great again if there are hungry children in our schools? Every  parent knows a hungry child cannot learn. How can we be the greatest  country in the world if we do not offer a helping hand to the most  vulnerable among us?    It has been and continues to be my goal that we complete the  appropriations process in the Senate the way it is supposed to be done.  Each of the 12 appropriations bills deserves debate and an up-or-down  vote on the Senate floor. All Republicans and Democrats vote for the  things they support and vote against the things they oppose. That is in  the best interest of this country, and I know Chairman Cochran shares  this goal. As vice chairman, I will work with him to do this.   This budget is an obstacle and not a pathway to this goal. The  President's budget proposal is not bipartisan. In fact, I am willing to  bet that, if you put the President's budget on the floor today and  asked for a vote up or down, even though the Republicans are in the  majority in the Senate, it would not pass because it does not make a  hint of a gesture toward true bipartisanship. The appropriations  process works best when you have bipartisan cooperation. This budget is  not in the best interest of the country or of the real priorities of  the American people. That is why it would not get even enough  Republican votes to pass. It is unbalanced, needlessly provocative, and  appallingly shortsighted.   Rural America, including rural States like Vermont, is missing in  action in the President's budget. His  [[Page S3107]]  budget eliminates key investments in rural communities and leaves them  without Federal partnership support for everything from infrastructure  development and affordable housing to programs that preserve the  environment and provide food for the elderly.   It is a compilation of broken promises to working men and women and  struggling families, and it frays the lifelines that help vulnerable  families lift themselves into the middle class. This Vermonter does not  find that acceptable, and I doubt others do.   Eliminating the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, which we  call LIHEAP, would leave thousands of Vermonters and thousands  throughout this country out in the cold. The government should not be  in the business of saying to families: OK, you have a choice. It is 10  degrees outside. You can either have heat, or you can eat. You can  either have enough warmth so that you do not freeze to death, or you  can have food so that you do not starve to death, but you cannot have  both.   We are the most powerful, wealthy Nation on Earth. What a choice to  force on people.   From LIHEAP, in my own State, Vermont received nearly $19 million to  help more than 21,000 households in all 14 counties last year. This is  a vital lifeline, and it is especially important in rural communities.  We cannot slash investments in our rural communities.   We cannot abandon Federal support for cleaning up Lake Champlain.  Eliminating the Sea Grant and Geographic programs would be foolish, as  it would waste the investments we have already made. It would mean that  the money we have put in to clean our lake would end up being lost, and  we would have to start all over again.   The large and dynamic ecosystem in Lake Champlain is the largest body  of freshwater in the United States outside of the Great Lakes. It  borders Vermont, New York, and Canada and is a treasure, but we cannot  stand still. We do not want it to become polluted like other bodies of  water throughout our country. You either advance or you slip behind,  and once you start slipping behind, it becomes an escalating matter.   The budget is full of cuts that advance the administration's  antiscience, know-nothing-ism agenda. It eliminates thousands of  scientists and shuts off funding for research into cures for everything  from Alzheimer's to cancer. You cannot say to people who are trying to  find a cure for cancer and so many other diseases: Oh, we are going to  cut your money for a few years, turn everything off, send the  scientists home, and maybe in a few years we might give you money  again.   You cannot do that with medical research. The University of Vermont  would lose millions of dollars for valuable research--research that you  cannot pause and hope to resume. We are so close to finding a cure for  most kinds of cancer, just as we did years ago with polio. Are we going  to turn that off? Are we going to say to the American people: We want  to have a sloganeering budget. Sorry. When your grandchildren come  along, maybe someday, somebody will restore this science and will find  a cure for cancer.   This budget not only denies the reality of climate change, but it  eliminates all of the Environmental Protection Agency's climate  programs, from voluntary incentives to programs that seek to prevent  further damage to public health and environmental quality. Climate  change is very real, and we are at a critical moment. Now is not the  time to turn back the progress we have been making.   The President has promised jobs, jobs, jobs. I would love to see  jobs, jobs, jobs in this country, but under his budget, an estimated 4  million people, including veterans, would lose access to employment and  training services next year. Four million Americans would lose that  promise of a job. He would eliminate almost $4 billion from Pell  grants. You do not create jobs by denying young people access to  affordable higher education or by slashing job training.   Cutting the State Department's budget by more than 30 percent shows a  clear lack of understanding of the vital role of soft power in our  national security. The Secretary of Defense said: If you are going to  cut the State Department's budget this way, you had better give me  money to buy more bullets, because I am going to need them.   The budget would eliminate lifesaving nutrition programs. It would  impede our ability to promote stability in increasingly volatile  regions of the world. America is not made safer by failing to feed the  hungry.   As Defense Secretary Mattis has said, soft power is fundamental to  our national security, which has been said by Secretaries of Defense  and military leaders in both Republican and Democratic administrations.   The Trump budget would have serious and harmful consequences for our  economy, for working families, for those who are struggling, for our  environment, for health, for the seed corn of cutting-edge scientific  and technological research, and for our national security. This is  foolish, and it is not acceptable. You do not turn these things on and  off to make a sound bite. Sound bites do not make America strong, and  sound bites do not continue the greatness of America. Tough choices  keep America great and help the American people.   I would remind the White House that the power of the purse rests with  Congress. As vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I  intend to exercise that power, and I will work with Chairman Cochran in  laying out a bipartisan path forward.   Mr. President, there are far too many illogical, arbitrary, and  harmful cuts in spending and wholly unbalanced priorities in the  President's proposed fiscal year 2018 budget to list at one time. I  will have plenty more to say about that in the weeks and months ahead,  but I do want to take a moment to highlight one, as it illustrates the  foolhardy way this Administration has sought to appease right-wing  ideologues rather than do what is truly in the national interest.   For fiscal year 2017, the Congress--Republicans and Democrats--agreed  to appropriate $607.5 million for international family planning  programs. Under our law, none of those funds can be used for abortion.  They are for contraceptives and services like education and counseling  to promote voluntary family planning in the world's poorest countries  and, by doing so, to reduce reliance on abortion, reduce child  mortality, improve maternal and child health, and increase  opportunities for women and girls.   These programs have a long track record. There is abundant,  indisputable data to show they are effective and they save lives, and  they illustrate that, while we may have fundamental differences about  whether women should have the right to abortion, there is broad  agreement about the importance of family planning.   For fiscal year 2018, the Trump Administration proposes to eliminate  funding for international family planning as a way to ``protect life.''  That may be an appealing sound bite, but that's all it is. For every  $10 million reduction in funding for family planning and reproductive  health programs, the data shows that approximately 440,000 fewer women  and couples receive contraceptive services and supplies, resulting in  95,000 additional unintended pregnancies, including 44,000 more  unplanned births, 38,000 more abortions, and 200 more pregnancy-related  deaths.   How does that protect life? The evidence is overwhelming that the  absence of family planning not only means more unsafe abortions but  higher birth rates, 95 percent of which occur in the poorest countries  that cannot feed or provide jobs for their people today.   I would say to the ideologues in the White House who think that the  way to protect life is to cut off funding for family planning: They  don't know what they are talking about. These are the same people who  support vastly expanding the Mexico City Policy beyond President Ronald  Reagan and both President George H.W. Bush and President George W.  Bush, to all global health funding. In fact, they will be responsible  for more abortions, higher rates of child mortality, higher rates of  maternal death, and greater suffering.   This is a shocking proposal. They either don't realize how much harm  and suffering it would cause, or they don't care. Can you imagine if  our government, in addition to trying to outlaw abortion, tried to take  away the contraceptives Americans rely on to prevent unwanted  pregnancies? Tens of millions of Americans depend on access  [[Page S3108]]  to modern family planning services every day. The outcry would be  immediate, and it would be deafening.   I am confident that the Congress will reject this unwise and cruel  proposal. It would be unconstitutional in this country, and it should  not be imposed on millions of impoverished people in the developing  countries who depend on our assistance.   I would note the importance of it. We had a man whom I admired  greatly in this body, a Republican chairman of the Senate  Appropriations Committee, Mark Hatfield. He was strongly anti-abortion  but was an honest and good man who said that we had to have these  family planning programs because without them, the number of abortions  would skyrocket, that the number of deaths at birth would skyrocket,  and that we would have higher birth rates, 95 percent of which would  occur in the poorest countries that could not feed or provide jobs for  their people.   Let's not do that again. Let's not make policy by sound bite. Let's  make policy as to what is best for our country and that best respects  the values of America--values that we have tried to demonstrate  throughout the world. We also try to demonstrate that to our own  country no matter where you are, whether you are Republican or Democrat  or Independent, whether you are poor or rich, rural or urban. Let's  work on what is the best for America, not on a budget that tries to  polarize America and pits one group against another.   Mr. President, on this table I have on the floor, I note that it  shows how we, at the Pentagon, have money to put into a border wall at  the cost of the Department of Agriculture, clean energy, climate  change, the environment, education, foreign aid, infrastructure,  healthcare, the middle class, civil rights, labor unions, nutrition  programs, child nutrition, and community investments. If we want to  spend $40 billion on a wall that will make no sense and have the  taxpayers pay for it--easy--let's vote it up or down. I do not think  the American people want it. They would rather see that money be spent  on programs that educate people, that create jobs, that improve science  and find cures for cancer and others, not for a wall that we will pay  for and that nobody else will pay for.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   