 Mr. Speaker, all businesses in America, large and  small, should be fairly and predictably regulated, including those  companies in the financial services industry.   Now, Mr. Speaker, when the real estate market collapsed in 2008,  Washington did what it does often. It overreacted by imposing  smothering layers of new regulations on small community banks, credit  unions, and retirement advisers, when it should, Mr. Speaker, have  focused its attention on eight or nine large, major money center banks  that have tentacles that run throughout our economy.   Mr. Speaker, the goal of Dodd-Frank was to increase regulations on  financial institutions that could bring down the economy if they got in  trouble.   Now, the problem, Mr. Speaker, is that this regulatory net was cast  so wide, it caught our small community banks and credit unions in  having to deal with costly, unnecessary, and redundant regulations.   I travel the State of Maine, Mr. Speaker, and meet with our small  financial institutions. They tell me: Bruce, we are spending so much  time and money hiring compliance officers to deal with these  regulations instead of loan officers to make sure we get money out to  our families and our small businesses can borrow and grow.   God forbid, Mr. Speaker, that the Bangor Savings Bank or the Maine  Family Federal Credit Union in Lewiston gets into trouble. If they do,  they will not bring down this economy.   Why in the world should they be imposing or have to deal with this  additional layer of regulations as they are designated as a SIFI?   Mr. Luetkemeyer's bill is a terrific bill. It is common sense. It is  bipartisan. It will require the Federal Reserve to finally factor in  the role and the function of these financial institutions in the  economy, instead of arbitrarily based on assets.   This means, Mr. Speaker, that our community banks and our pension  advisers, our retirement advisers and credit unions will be able to  focus on growing the economy and extending credit so our families can  get a home mortgage, maybe buy another automobile, or maybe one of the  lobstermen can get a new diesel put in their boat for the season.   The is a good bill, Mr. Speaker. I am grateful that Mr. Luetkemeyer  introduced H.R. 3312. I encourage everybody on both sides of the aisle  to help American businesses and families by supporting this bill.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the amount of  time I have remaining.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green) has  8 minutes remaining.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Maxine Waters).   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important  to talk about what is happening in this country with this  administration at this time. It is so related to what we are trying to  explain about what this bill attempts to do.   First of all, let me just share with you that committee Democrats  have made repeated attempts to follow the Trump money trail and  investigate the suspicious financial dealings of the President, his  immediate family and his associates, including their possible  involvement in illicit Russian financial schemes.   Since March, Democrats have written six letters--two to committee  Chairman Hensarling, one to Deutsche Bank, one to Deutsche Bank CEO  John Cryan, two to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and another to  Deutsche Bank's external counsel, requesting their cooperation in  exposing the scope of Russian influence on the Trump administration.   I have also written two letters on my own--one to Attorney General  Jeff Sessions, another to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein,  regarding the Department of Justice's investigation into Deutsche  Bank's Russian mirror trading scheme.   On March 10, 2017, committee Democrats called on Chairman Hensarling  to use the full range of the committee's investigative powers to  examine Deutsche Bank's Russian money laundering operation and assess  the integrity of the U.S. Department of Justice's ongoing investigation  into the scheme, given the Trump administration's conflicts of interest  in the matter and the revelations of Attorney General Sessions'  communications with the Russian Ambassador. Chairman Hensarling failed  to respond. We have heard nothing from our chairman.    On May 23, 2017, committee Democrats sent a letter to Deutsche Bank's  chief executive officer, John Cryan, requesting information on two  internal reviews the bank reportedly conducted, the first on its mirror  trading scandal and the second on whether the accounts of President  Donald Trump and his family members held at the bank had any ties to  Russia.   Deutsche Bank's external counsel responded, stating that Deutsche  Bank was unable to cooperate with the request, citing privacy concerns.   On May 23, 2017, committee Democrats all sent a letter to Treasury  Secretary Steven Mnuchin requesting that FinCEN provide any records to  the committee that detail President Trump's financial ties to Russia as  well as those of his family, his family members, and associates.  Secretary Mnuchin failed to respond.   It goes on and on and on. Letters were sent on June 21. We sent a  follow-up letter to Deutsche Bank. On and on and on.   What is important about all of this is Deutsche Bank is known and has  been fined for many things, including money laundering. So, knowing  that, what we are doing here is lifting oversight on Deutsche Bank, one  of the fallen banks that would be covered by this bill.   I think this is outrageous. I think people should know what this bill  is all about and how it is going to put us at greater risk. We are  dealing with limiting the oversight of banks like Deutsche Bank.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, how much time does the other  gentleman from Texas have remaining?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green) has  4\1/2\ minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling) has  6 minutes remaining.   