 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding. I also want to thank Chairman Walden and Congressman Courtney  for working with me to introduce this legislation and bring it to the  floor for debate today.   Additionally, I appreciate the willingness of the associations  impacted by this legislation, both the CAI and the ARRL, for working  with our offices last Congress in order to come to an agreement on  where this legislation needs to be in order to move forward in a  bipartisan and a positive manner.   The legislation before us today is the same legislative text as H.R.  1301, which was able to gather over 100 bipartisan cosponsors and  passed the House by voice vote in the 114th Congress.   The intent of this legislation is to remedy current law which  prohibits the use of any antenna for amateur radio operators in certain  areas with no consideration for the emergency ramifications that come  about as a result. For some, this is merely a nuisance, but for  others--those who use  [[Page H583]]  their amateur radio licenses for emergency communications--a dangerous  situation has been established by limiting the ability of hams to  create effective communications for those in need.    For example, during times of emergency service, such as following a  hurricane or a tornado, amateur radio operators are able to use their  skills and equipment to create a network of communications that are  utilized by first responders when other wired or wireless networks are  taken down or are otherwise unavailable. This is a vital and lifesaving  function.   Additionally, there are numerous hams that take their certifications  even further by purchasing expensive equipment and going through  extensive training to become part of MARS, the Military Auxiliary Radio  System. I have personally used this system as a pilot in the military.  What is amazing about MARS is that it gives our military members the  ability to communicate both domestically and abroad when other systems  are not available or are simply not able to establish communications  the way that these hams are able to do.   MARS members are able to accomplish this not only due to their  extensive training and knowledge, but due to their commitment to this  program. MARS members must not only have access to expensive high- frequency radio equipment, but they must also file monthly reports and  participate in a minimum of 12 hours of radio activity each quarter in  order to stay in compliance with the requirements of this program. This  is a great service provided by these individuals, and it is my hope  that we can get even more amateur radio operators involved in the  future with the passage of this bill.   Again, the purpose of this bipartisan legislation is to change  current regulations hampering the ability of amateur radio operators to  effectively communicate in certain areas, while respecting and  maintaining the rights of local communities in which many of these hams  reside. It is my hope that by passing this bipartisan legislation early  in this session of Congress, that we will be able to get this  legislation through the Senate and to the President's desk in short  order.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I thank all my friends  who helped work with me on this.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), in  spite of the fact that the gentleman is a New England Patriots fan who  showed no mercy to my Pittsburgh Steelers last night, to show there are  no hard feelings.   