 Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the ranking member  for yielding her time, for her leadership, and for all the work she has  done, and also our chairman, Mr. Frelinghuysen, for his leadership, and  Chairman John Carter, one of our Texans, for bringing this important  resolution to the floor.   This funding will help FEMA, which is running out of money, provide  the immediate recovery and relief that we need in Texas and Louisiana.  It is only a downpayment.   Normally, in rain events, we measure water in inches; during  Hurricane Harvey, we measured it in feet. At the end, there were over  19 trillion gallons of water on the ground.   Hurricane Harvey killed at least 60 people, including Alonso Guillen,  a DREAMer who drove over 100 miles to help rescue by boat those who  first responders couldn't reach.  [[Page H6662]]    Those who were evacuated will soon come home to find their homes and  their memories left behind in ruin by the floodwaters. The cost of the  total damages will be in the billions. Many losses, however, will be  priceless: pictures of family weddings, kids' soccer games, children's  favorite toy, a daughter's prom dress, or an antique that has been  passed through generations.   Yet, many heroes stepped up to open up their homes, their churches,  and their businesses to house those evacuees. Those efforts highlight  the fact that this is not a natural disaster, but it is a national  disaster, and it requires a response.   I quickly want to thank the first responders and others at the local,  State, and Federal levels who bravely and selflessly provided  assistance, including our friends to the south, Mexico, that are  sending over trucks and trucks of assistance.   Today, we stand together not as Democrats or Republicans, but as  Americans. We speak in one voice, and we stand with Houston, east  Texas, and Louisiana as we continue to do the rescue and the recovery.   And as Hurricane Irma comes over to Florida and the Southeast, we,  again, stand together as Americans, one team.   