 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a subject that  has been on our minds in recent weeks and months and, in fact, years;  that is, healthcare--one of the most complex and confusing but  important topics that we have to consider.   Before I get into the bulk of what I want to address, I want to make  the point once again that as we are debating healthcare and debating  who pays, how much they pay, whether it is the ACA or Medicare or  Medicaid or private insurance or private pay, we also  [[Page S6300]]  have to begin a serious discussion about the underlying cost of  healthcare.   Regardless of who is paying, it is going to break us. If healthcare  continues to grow in cost as it has over the last 20 years, it is going  to eat the Federal budget, family budgets, individual budgets, and it  is going to be something we absolutely have to address. Usually around  here we don't address something until it is a crisis.   I would argue, as we are approaching 20 percent of GDP, with $1 out  of every $5 in the country being committed to healthcare costs--more  than twice as much as most other countries in the world, far more than  any other country in the world--we have to address this issue.   Arguing about who pays is not going to solve the problem. That is  important because in the interim, that is what is going to protect our  citizens' coverage and what is going to protect our citizens from a  healthcare disaster, a healthcare crisis.   I want to preface my remarks with--I think this is something we all  need to be thinking about--how do we move beyond the discussion we are  having now, not that it is unimportant, but we also need to move beyond  the discussion and start talking about the underlying cost and why is  it that Americans are paying virtually twice as much as anyone in the  world for healthcare per capita--or as a percent of GDP or however you  want to calculate it--without noticeably better results? In fact, most  worldwide studies indicate the results of our healthcare system are not  as good as those in many other countries.   It would be one thing if we were paying a lot of money and getting  absolutely superior care across the board in our country, but that is  not the case. In measurements such as infant mortality, longevity-- standard basic healthcare indicators--we are not doing very well. Yet  we are paying twice as much. There is something wrong with that, and we  have to address it.   I want to talk about the Affordable Care Act. I want to start with  the point that it is the law of the land. It is the law of the land.   I am rising today in sadness but also in anger because there is a lot  of talk about the Affordable Care Act collapsing, imploding. It is not  collapsing. It is being mugged. It is being stabbed in the back. It is  being sabotaged deliberately and consciously by the actions of the  administration.   I want to emphasize that this isn't about ideology. It is not about  politics. It is not about who wins and who loses or which party is up  or who voted or who didn't. This is about people. It is about people in  Maine. It is about people, many of whom got care for the first time  under the Affordable Care Act; lobstermen, small farmers, small  businesspeople, individuals finally had a shot at reasonably priced  healthcare.   It is not perfect by any means. I would never argue that. In fact, I  have been working on proposals since the day I got here on how to  improve it, how to fix some of the problems, how to make it better, how  to have the effects be less intense on some parts of our economy. It is  the law of the land. The impacts of what we do here or don't do here  fall on real people--real people, in my case, in my home State of  Maine.   The Affordable Care Act is not collapsing; it is being sabotaged.  Here is a partial list.   In January, during the period of the last open enrollment, one of the  first acts of the new administration was to cut the advertising on  television, advising people that they had this healthcare option. Cut  the ads, that is No. 1. That was in January.   Then they announced they were going to minimize the enforcement of  the personal mandate. If you tell somebody you are not going to enforce  something, that is an invitation to not abide by it, to not pay any  attention to it. People can argue about whether that is desirable, but  that is the law. To announce that administratively you are not going to  enforce it, again, what does that do? It reduces the number of people  who are going to get healthcare. That, in turn, undermines the  individual market, and that, in turn, makes it less financially viable.  That is a deliberate act that will undermine the viability of this law.   In April, there began a series of what turned into seven different  threats from various people in the administration to not make the  legally mandated CSR payments--the cost-sharing reduction payments-- which are not bailouts to insurance companies but which were designed  as part of the law to hold the rates down and to hold the deductibles  down for those people buying coverage under the Affordable Care Act.  Continuously threatening the reduction or the elimination of these  payments has created an uncertainty in the marketplace that is now  coming home to roost.    Just last week, Anthem announced they are leaving the Maine  marketplace. They cited a number of reasons, but one of the chief  reasons was the uncertainty created by whether these payments are going  to be made.   Recently, the HELP committee had a series of hearings on this  subject. They had a bipartisan group of Governors. They had a  bipartisan group of insurance commissioners, health experts from across  the country. I was at all but one of those hearings. I believe I am  right in saying it was unanimous that we must ensure the continuation  of the CSR payments in order to stabilize the market and reduce  premiums projected to increase this coming year.   The number nationally is estimated to be about 20 percent--a 20- percent increase attributable to the failure to ensure that the CSR  payments will be made because an insurance company, if they are setting  rates, has to factor into their rates the risk of these payments not  being made. The testimony is--it depends somewhat on the State, but  roughly a 20-percent increase is attributable to just this fact.   If we could pass legislation here--unfortunately, we missed the  deadline, but we may be able to work on that because the deadline was  just last week. But if we could simply ensure those payments are made,  that in itself would lower rates by 20 percent next year on a silver  plan.   By the way, if those CSRs aren't made and the rates go up,  ironically, that means the mandatory payments of subsidies to  individuals under the Affordable Care Act will also go up. So it will  cost the Treasury money--additional money not accounted for, roughly  $200 billion over the next 10 years.   What else has gone on? In May, there was another one from the head of  the Office of Management and Budget. The administration has not decided  whether to pay the CSRs. That is a big red signal to the insurance  companies: You can't count on this, so you better raise rates. In May,  the budget was released. In the budget, there were drastic cuts in the  call centers for the Affordable Care Act, in the in-person assistance,  and in marketing. And just for good measure, they announced they were  cutting the enrollment period in half, from 3 months to 6 weeks. What  possible reason can there be to do that, except that you want fewer  people to sign up? That is called sabotage--reducing from 3 months to 6  weeks.   Then, all along, the Health and Human Services Department has been  monkeying around with the website, taking down explanatory material  about the Affordable Care Act, taking down material indicating why this  would be a good deal for people and, instead, putting up critical  material.   On August 31, the administration announced reductions in outreach of  90 percent and cuts in assistance to people trying to navigate this  system by 40 percent. This is complicated material. Any of us who have  signed up for insurance--we all have the Affordable Care Act. Most  people don't know that. But we had to go on the website and choose a  policy for ourselves. It is hard, it is complicated, and to take away  the people who are in the communities helping people work through these  various decisions and weigh the different policies, the deductibles,  and how to compare them is the same as taking away the coverage. It is  an act of sabotage.   The most recent one I just learned about this morning. This is  amazing. The Affordable Care Act is based on a website, healthcare.gov.  We all know it had terrible problems when it started. There is no  excuse for that. I was critical of it at the time. Those were problems  that were not intentional.   Now intentional problems are being created. This is the one that  really gets me. I just learned this morning that every Sunday during  the bobtail enrollment period, the 6-week enrollment period, the  website is going to be closed  [[Page S6301]]  for 12 hours for maintenance. Isn't that amazing? For 12 hours on the  one day of the week when many working people are going to have an  opportunity to try to understand this system and enroll, they are going  to be down from midnight Saturday night until noon on Sunday, the  middle of the day on Sunday.   I want to go back to the beginning. This isn't about ideology. This  is about seeing that the laws are faithfully executed. That is why they  call it the administration. The administration is supposed to  administer the laws, not unadminister them.   We are talking about people. Why does anyone want to have fewer  people with insurance? I am at a loss to understand the motivation. I  can understand if you don't like the ACA. If you don't like the ACA,  let's work together and find ways to improve it and change it, but  figure out how to keep people with health insurance.   The uninsured rate in America has fallen 50 percent because of the  Affordable Care Act. That is an enormous achievement. It is one that  should be celebrated, not sabotaged. That is what is so puzzling to me  about this: fewer people with coverage and higher costs to the  Treasury.   We can do better than this. These are all things the administration  in good faith can say: OK, we don't like the ACA, but we are going to  move beyond the politics of this and try to help people get the  coverage they desperately need.   This is about real people's lives. This is about lifting the threat,  the cloud of a healthcare disaster, both physically and financially,  from families across America. We are talking about millions of  families--not tens of thousands but millions of families. I don't get  why we are deliberately trying to undermine and sabotage something that  is so meaningful to so many people. As one can tell, it makes me angry.  Mostly, it makes me sad because I know people in Maine who have  benefited, who have gotten coverage, who did not have it before and who  will not have it if this is taken away--people who need those  navigators to help them, people who need to be able to use the website  on a Sunday morning, people who need to have rates that are lower  because the CSRs have been funded, and we are not continuously raising  the uncertainty of that piece of this law.    We can do better. This is about the health of our people. I cannot  think of anything more important. We can have different ways of getting  there, but right now we have a law that is in place, and until we  change it--and we should change it; we should fix it--we should  administer it straight up, straightforwardly, as it was written and as  it was intended. This is too important for politics, and it is too  important for ideology. This is all about people and their health.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   