 Mr. Speaker, America needs a raise. We have not raised  the minimum wage in 10 years, and people who work hard every single day  have seen their pay erode again and again.   Mr. Speaker, people who are working full time at $7.25 an hour can't  make it. And if we can defeat this previous question, we can actually  bring up something that the American people really need, which is to  get a raise.   Mr. Speaker, this is not something we are going to dump on top of  business all at once. There is a ladder up. It takes 7 years to get to  that $15, but, Mr. Speaker, make no doubt that we need to do it.   Mr. Speaker, right now, today, people working full time qualify for  food stamps, housing assistance, and medical assistance because their  employers don't pay them enough to make it. And I know that everybody  in this House knows that, when people work hard, they ought to be able  to make it in America.   If you work full time, you shouldn't be in poverty. You should be  able to afford a good apartment. You should be able to have good  scheduling for your job. You should have some benefits. This is all the  American Dream is about, being able to work hard and get paid fairly  for it.   Now, Mr. Speaker, I just want to let you know that between 2009 and  2013, we saw the top 1 percent of income earners get 85 percent of the  income growth in this country. That means we have historic inequality  not seen since the Great Depression. It is wrong, Mr. Speaker. And if  we can defeat this previous question, we should do everything we can to  pass this excellent piece of legislation that Ranking Member Bobby  Scott has authored in this body.   Mr. Scott and I, as well as many other Members, have been all over  this country, and right here in D.C. standing with workers explaining  to us their struggles, how they haven't seen a raise, how they haven't  seen their pay go up. And they are serious, Mr. Speaker, about wanting  to be part of this economy, too.   Pass this minimum wage increase. Give America a raise.   