 Mr. Speaker, this bill will improve the  appeals process at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which is  currently operating under a significant backlog.   Last session, when I served on the VA Committee, a major focus was  reforming the repeals process to better serve veterans' appeals rights.  My office has assisted hundreds of veterans, many of whom have  struggled with the appeals process and several of whom have struggled  with getting the care they need in a timely manner.   One individual my office worked with estimated the entire process,  from when he first began seeking benefits until the recent favorable  decision from the Board of Veterans Appeals, lasted 20 years.   Mr. Speaker, it is clear a solution is needed.   This legislation would set out to improve the claims process by  providing veterans with three lanes--or three choices--as to how they  would like to proceed with an appeal.   These choices include: one, having the original evidence reviewed  again; or, two, introducing new evidence and having another hearing;  or, three, sending the decision directly to the Board of Veterans  Appeals.   The VA's current 5-year appeal wait time is simply not acceptable for  our veterans.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which is an  appropriate solution to this problem. It will streamline many claims  and also enable a more efficient administrative handling of those  claims.   I thank the leadership of Chairman Roe and those on the Veterans'  Affairs Committee. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2288.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  legislation that would assist veterans in Pennsylvania's Sixth  Congressional District who suffer from a service-connected disability.   H.R. 1005 would allow the Department of Veterans Affairs to work with  State Veterans Homes, such as the Southeastern Veterans Center in my  district in East Vincent Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, to  fund adult day healthcare for veterans who have a disability rating of  70 percent or more from the line of duty.   Making this program available to more veterans who need assistance  with daily tasks, such as bathing, dressing, or eating, would help  improve the lives of those who have sacrificed so much, as well as  their families.   Our veterans and their loved ones deserve to receive high-quality  health services with the freedom and flexibility to live independently  and at home.   I commend Congressman Zeldin for his leadership and all those on the  Veterans' Affairs Committee for passing this out of committee. I am  proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  the VA Prescription Data Accountability Act. We face a serious opioid  epidemic in our communities across the Nation. As we work to put forth  solutions to this crisis, it is critical that we incorporate the  Veterans Health Administration into existing, effective controlled  substance monitoring programs.   To ensure effective, accurate oversight of who is being prescribed  controlled substances, this legislation would require the VA to  disclose information about all individuals, veteran or dependent, who  receive such prescriptions from the VHA.   In my home State of Pennsylvania, we have an established  comprehensive and effective Prescription Drug Monitoring Program.  Incorporating additional data from the VA is an appropriate step to  utilize proven existing networks to fight back against the opioid  epidemic.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   