 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my mother used to say: Right is right if nobody is  right, and  [[Page H7596]]  wrong is wrong if everybody is wrong. H.R. 2792 is wrong. It is cruel.  It is discriminatory.   I strongly oppose this Republican effort to strip low-income seniors  and those with severe disabilities of Supplemental Security Income  benefits, or SSI. I join in opposition with over 110 civil rights,  disability, and aging advocates who have warned that H.R. 2792's harsh  cuts will discriminate based on age, race, ethnicity, ability, income,  and will further criminalize poverty.   I also strongly oppose the majority's decision to condition the  reauthorization of our successful home visiting program on this bill's  harm to the elderly and infirm.   SSI is only available to people who are elderly, who are severely  disabled, and who have little or no assets. The typical SSI recipient  lives on less than $750 a month. So, by design, H.R. 2792, will only  harm very poor, elderly, and disabled people. Within the population of  adult recipients of SSI, approximately 83 percent are disabled, one- third are age 65 and older, and two-thirds are age 50 and older.   I reject proponents' claims that this bill will only target fugitive  felons. In reality, current law terminates benefits for fugitive  felons. This bill strikes the current restriction against fugitive  felons and, instead, expands the benefit cutoff beyond those who are  actually fleeing and encompasses everybody who had some unresolved run- in with the justice system based on allegation, not conviction.   I reject proponents' claim that only individuals charged with violent  crimes or costly financial theft are affected by this bill. By  undermining the constitutional presumption of innocence and depriving  individuals of due process adjudication in a court of law, H.R. 2792  magnifies the deep inequities in our criminal justice system based on  race, ethnicity, and income.   As an African-American man, I am very familiar with the decades of  research documenting the racial-ethnic discrimination in our justice  system. As an advocate for criminal justice reform, I know the dozens  of studies documenting the faulty criminal justice data system on which  benefit terminations will pivot solely because this bill removes due  process by adjudication.   I reject proponents' claim that no one who has a misdemeanor or minor  offense will be harmed. No uniform threshold for a felony exists.  Indeed, four States--Florida, Massachusetts, Virginia, and New Jersey-- have the lowest thresholds in the country, defining felonies as losses  of $300 or less, which is vastly different than the $2,500 threshold  set in Texas and Wisconsin. This bill cuts off an elderly or disabled  person's lifeline benefits for a decades-old offense of $300.   Also, we know that courts across the country are criminalizing  poverty and raising revenue with fines and fees. Individuals on  probation for misdemeanor offenses like vagrancy, shoplifting, and  traffic violations get probation and fines or fees. When poor people  can't pay these fees, arrest warrants are issued for a violation of  their probation. As in the past, H.R. 2792 clearly terminates SSI  benefits for such alleged violations without any due process.   I urge my colleagues to do what they know is right: stand up for our  most vulnerable citizens, honor their most fundamental rights, and  oppose H.R. 2792.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Doggett).    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an  additional 30 seconds.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis), an icon for human rights.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Judy Chu).    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time  I have left?    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler).    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee).    DAVIS of Illinois. I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentlewoman.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3  minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. Sewell), a member of the  Ways and Means Committee.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2792 is a harsh, unfair bill. It would undermine  the foundation of American justice, innocent until proven guilty, and  it would do so for Americans who are impoverished and already at a  severe disadvantage because of age, disability, education, race, and  ethnicity. It would strip people of basic income, in many cases all  they have to live on, based on a mere accusation.   I reject the majority's contention that people in nursing homes,  people with dementia and cognitive impairments, and others with nowhere  else to turn will not be harmed by this bill because of the very  limited authority current law gives the Social Security commissioner to  issue good cause exemptions.   We know the good cause process is complicated and very difficult to  navigate. Not surprisingly, the last time the policy was in effect,  only a tiny fraction of the people who lost their basic income were  able to follow the instructions in the six-page letter from SSA and  apply for relief, the good cause process that the majority repeatedly  touts, as few as 10 days before benefit termination. SSI recipients  have extremely limited financial resources and are severely disabled,  elderly.   Resolving errors within the criminal justice system is a long process  that typically must be done in the geographic jurisdiction of the court  and necessitates legal costs.   The goal of H.R. 2792 is the same: raise $2.1 billion by cutting off  benefits for tens of thousands of impoverished, elderly, and disabled  people, be they cognitively impaired, victims of mistaken identity,  facing homelessness, those who committed minor offenses, or those who  are too poor to pay their court fees and fines.   Mr. Speaker, there are no protections in this bill. There is no  reason, no rational benefit, but there are instances where individuals  will be forced to suffer even more than they currently do, so let's not  cut off their Social Security Income benefits.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the  yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   