 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of H.R. 3101, the Strengthening  Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act.   Port facilities serve as a vital economic function for our Nation and  the communities in which they are located. The approximately 360  commercial maritime ports operating across the United States handle  more than $1.3 trillion in cargo, annually.   To facilitate and maintain this level of economic activity, the  maritime sector increasingly relies on technology to facilitate the  movement of cargo into and through port facilities. Collectively,  navigation, operations, and communication technologies enhance the  competitiveness, safety, and reliability of the U.S. maritime sector.   However, as port operations have become more automated, exposure to  cyber threats and attacks have also increased. This homeland security  threat is not unique to the maritime sector. In fact, since 2003, the  Government Accountability Office has warned about the vulnerability of  critical infrastructure and has called on the Federal Government to  support efforts to bolster cybersecurity.   To better protect port facilities from cyber attacks, Congress must  ensure that expertise in both the private and public sector is  leveraged effectively. H.R. 3101 would direct DHS to be more proactive  in how it addresses cybersecurity risks at our Nation's ports.   The first step in reducing cyber vulnerabilities is identifying the  weak points in network security through risk assessments. H.R. 3101  requires these assessments. The bill directs the Coast Guard to provide  port facilities with guidelines on how to report cybersecurity risks in  order to enhance the ability of both the Coast Guard and port operators  to respond effectively to such attacks.   By promoting cybersecurity information sharing and coordination  between public and private partners at maritime facilities, H.R. 3101  seeks to make a positive difference in how quickly terminal and port  operators are able to prevent, mitigate, and recover from such attacks.   H.R. 3101, if enacted, will help foster an environment in which DHS,  the Coast Guard, ports, and port stakeholders work together to enhance  the cybersecurity at our Nation's ports.   Lastly, I would like to note the bipartisan support for this bill in  the Homeland Security Committee. I thank Chairman McCaul, Ranking  Member Thompson, and my colleague Congresswoman Torres for their hard  work and leadership in this matter.   Mr. Speaker, when this bill was considered last Congress and earlier  this fall, committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle agreed that  H.R. 3101 is a timely and worthwhile measure to support. I urge my  colleagues to support H.R. 3101.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California  (Mrs. Torres).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   H.R. 3101 will help improve the way we manage cybersecurity risks at  our Nation's commercial maritime ports. With the increased need for and  use of technology at maritime facilities, it is in our national and  economic interest for there to be better cyber information sharing and  coordination efforts at our Nation's ports.   By assessing cyber risks at individual port facilities and  establishing countermeasures to mitigate these risks, the U.S. maritime  sector will be better prepared to protect these important centers of  economic activity.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3101, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   