 Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman Calvert and  Ranking Member McCollum for supporting important policies and programs  protecting the unique landscapes you find in the Pacific Northwest.   Our region values Federal lands, and, likewise, we are proud to host  all branches of the United States military.   People come from all over to hike and travel through our forests and  waterways, and we want to make sure sensitive areas are protected.   The goals of protecting our environment, the economy that relies upon  it, and ensuring the readiness of those serving in uniform are not  mutually exclusive. For the past several years, I have been working  with the Park Service, the Navy, and many other agencies to understand  their missions, concerns, and interests with regard to the impact of  local military jet noise.   At the same time, I have worked to ensure that they can go the extra  mile when it comes to public outreach on their plans. Through this  effort, I have learned that the Park Service and the Navy measure noise  differently. This has led to difficulty in understanding the impact of  the noise on the missions of other agencies, local communities, and  protected lands, such as Olympic National Park. Moreover, it  complicates any basis to examine possible solutions.   In order to support a fact-based conversation regarding the impact of  this noise, I wrote to the Council on Environmental Quality in March  asking that they work with both agencies to find an agreeable method of  measuring and reporting the sound of military aviation.   While I have recently been notified that the CEQ is looking into the  matter, I look to Chairman Calvert for his support to ensure that the  relevant parties cooperate and resolve this issue.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate Chairman Calvert's willingness to  work with me on this effort. Having grown up on the Olympic Peninsula,  I understand our responsibility to be stewards of the environment and  to make sure that the Navy is a good neighbor.   I look forward to working with the chairman, CEQ, the Park Service,  and the Navy to address this issue.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding. I also  rise to oppose this amendment because I support quality jobs for folks  and the laws that protect them.   When I go around my district, I hear from folks who are still feeling  squeezed that are ready to seize opportunities that they might not have  right now. Since 1931, the Davis-Bacon Act has been there to help  working men and working women earn a decent wage.   I would respond to the good gentleman's statement that Davis-Bacon is  about embracing the premise that when we use taxpayer dollars to build  a project, it is not just about building that project. It is about  building the middle class.   I oppose this amendment because it seeks to undo three generations  worth of protections that have helped our country create the strongest  middle class in the world. I don't support nickeling and diming  workers.   We have a responsibility to make sure the future is better for the  generations to come, and if those who follow us earn less or get  injured more and can't take care of their health, that is a step  backward and not forward.   So I urge my colleagues, once again, to defeat this amendment.   Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.   