 Mr. President, I want to take this opportunity to  highlight what I consider an unsung achievement of this administration  and this Congress--the slow but steady rollback of the last  administration's midnight regulations.   The numbers are impressive. Using the Congressional Review Act, we  have repealed 13 regulations so far, which adds up to a $3.6 billion  reduction in regulatory costs. To put it in more human terms, we have  saved the American people 4.2 million hours of paperwork, which I can  tell you is more than welcome news in Arkansas.   The other thing about these resolutions we have passed is that they  are permanent. We haven't simply put these regulations on pause for a  future President to revive them with a pen and phone. No, we have  outlawed them forever. Any President who wants to reimpose them and  their huge costs will have to pass a new law to do so, making the rules  we live under and the people who make them accountable to the voters.  That is a bit of a foreign concept to the people in Washington these  days. But the way I see it, that is all the more reason to celebrate  what we have achieved.   I know the other side will say: This is a dark day for America. To  hear them tell it, blotting out all these regulations will leave a dark  stain on our law books. To them, this rollback is a throwback to a  dangerous, rough-and-tumble era--one filled with dirty air, dirty  water, and a frighteningly low quality of life. But it just ain't so.   Stop and take a look at the regulations we have repealed, and then  ask yourself: Why should Washington decide how we evaluate our  teachers? Shouldn't parents, States, and cities do that? Why shouldn't  States be able to test for drugs before handing out unemployment  insurance? Is that such an unreasonable request? Why are bureaucrats  who are sitting in an office thousands of miles away managing our land  and wildlife? Shouldn't it be the people who live right there?   Why should Federal bureaucrats be able to override a law duly passed  by Congress and signed by the President? Do any of these regulations  add much to our quality of life?   Is this really about protecting the public interest? Or is it more  about rewarding special interests? In fact, I can understand why  liberals are bewildered at the idea that all these rules are hurting  jobs, because these rules certainly are creating jobs--for lawyers and  lobbyists. If there had been a bill, it would have been called ``The  American Bar Association Full Employment Act.''   That, perhaps, is the real issue here. It is not a question of  whether we are going to live under rules. We have rules--plenty of  them. The question is this: What kinds of rules are we going to live  under? Are we going to pass laws that impose costs on rural America,  only to add more wealth to urban America? Are we going to kill blue- collar jobs so we can create more white-collar jobs? Or are we going to  pass laws that help all Americans in all walks of life, as we should?   When you look at things this way, I would say we have scored a pretty  impressive victory, indeed, over these last 3 months.   I yield the floor.   