 Mr. Speaker, I have been standing here  listening to this debate. Let's go back and think about this for just a  minute.   Right now, in the United States, the cost of regulation in our Nation  is approximately $2 trillion; $2 trillion is the cost that our Nation  spends every year just complying with regulations. In fact, that  distills down to the average household spending around $15,000 just to  comply with regulations.    Now, let me be clear. Regulations are important. We have got to have  regulations to make sure we protect our environment, we protect the  health and safety of our citizens. That is critical.   What this bill does is it simply provides for transparency so we can  understand the basis of regulations. That is all this does: make sure  that we can understand the science that regulations were based upon.   During a public comment process, we should have the ability to  scrutinize that science to understand the basis. Because, Mr. Speaker,  if you begin hiding the basis for decisions, then you have government,  in many cases, acting without providing for transparency, without being  able to be held accountable. That is dangerous to have people making  decisions based upon secret information.   That is dangerous for our economy, and it is going to further  challenge the ability of Americans to keep their budgets balanced. It  is already $15,000 per household. How many thousands does it have to be  before we need to say: Stop. This is unreasonable?   Mr. Speaker, you look right now at the trade deficit of this country;  you look at the cost of goods and products in other nations. In many  cases, we are losing the trade war because our regulatory environment  here, our tax environment here, is simply not competitive.   What happens in a scenario where you release the science you provide  for transparency, you allow for better solutions. You allow for more  efficient regulations, for better ways to achieve those objectives to  improve our environment and protect our environment, to improve and  protect the safety and health of workers and American citizens.   This bill is in America's interest. It is in the public interest. To  listen to people stand here and talk about hiding and shielding science  and making up red herrings about privacy and other things, that is  absolutely contrary to this country's interests. It is contrary to the  public's interest.   This bill should be passed. I am shocked that there is opposition to  it, and we should pass this with unanimous support.   