 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 560, my bill  to reauthorize limited commercial vehicle traffic along Route 209  through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. Tomorrow marks  16 months during which uncertainty has reigned over this 21-mile  stretch of road running through my district.   Over 30 years ago, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania transferred Route  209, then a State road, to the National Park Service. As commercial  vehicle traffic is banned on roads within our national parks, it would  ultimately be restricted on this stretch of Route 209. But at that  time, a 10-year exemption was made to support the local freight  transport industry and because acceptable alternative routes were  unavailable.   After multiple extensions, the most recent commercial vehicle  authorization expired at the end of September 2015. To address the  problem, county and township officials from the surrounding areas met  with the National Park Service and my staff to negotiate a new plan.  They recognized a continuing need to allow some commercial vehicles  access and settled on the carefully crafted language we are considering  today.    The work to produce this extension acknowledges the continued need of  the employers, businesses, and homeowners in Pike and Monroe Counties.  Unfortunately, although the House passed identical language in the  114th Congress and the Senate moved it to the floor, this important  legislation failed to become law. The resulting uncertainty created  hardship for families and businesses in the communities neighboring the  Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area.   The lack of access to this stretch of road has cast a cloud on a wide  range of local businesses from heating fuel and package delivery to  plumbers and electricians. Homeowners cannot access the services they  need and countless jobs are in jeopardy. This is a critical piece of  legislation for my constituents. We must pass it today and urge the  Senate to act just as quickly.   I want to thank Chairman Bishop and Federal Lands Subcommittee  Chairman McClintock, and I want to thank my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle for their support and work with my staff to bring  this bill to the floor as quickly as possible.   I urge my colleagues to support it.   