 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I take this time to share with my  colleagues the experiences I had in the State of Maryland during our  most recent work period and shortly before that, when I took the  opportunity to meet with different groups with regard to the healthcare  debate.   I had a townhall meeting this past week at Atrium Village, which is a  senior living place in Baltimore County. We had a robust discussion  primarily with seniors, but not just seniors, about their concerns as  to whether the changes in the healthcare law would affect their ability  in the Medicare system as well as relating to long-term care and  Medicaid.   A little bit earlier than that, I had a townhall meeting at one of  our local hospitals where we had a chance to talk with lots of people.  It was an open townhall meeting, and a lot of people from the community  showed up. They expressed their concerns about what would happen under  the changes being suggested in healthcare on coverage and quality of  coverage, and we had a very robust discussion.   I also had a chance to meet with leaders of the faith community as we  talked about our responsibility to make sure healthcare is a right and  not a privilege in the United States.   I met with the leaders of the community health centers in Park West,  in Baltimore City, to talk about the impact on the viability of health  centers if the Medicaid Programs were cut.   I had a chance to visit with Mosaic Behavioral Health Center, which  deals with behavioral health in Baltimore, and their concern is, if we  eliminate the essential health benefits of mental health and addiction,  what impact that would have on access to care.   There was a consistent message from each of the places I met with,  with regard to whether we would be able to maintain coverage--under the  Affordable Care Act, we expanded coverage by tens of millions--and  whether that coverage would be compromised under the legislation being  considered in the Senate.   We also had a chance to talk about whether there would be a weakness  in what benefits would be covered. I already mentioned mental health  and addiction. There were also concerns expressed about reductions of  benefits regarding obstetrics and how it would affect women, and  pediatric dental care, which is a particular concern in Maryland after  the tragic death of Deamonte Driver.   They also raised many issues concerning discrimination in healthcare  that was present before the Affordable Care Act and whether these  conditions would be returning. A young father told me a story about how  his daughter was born prematurely and, as a result, the baby was in the  neonatal intensive care unit for 4 months. When his daughter was 4  months old, she had reached her lifetime limit of what the insurer  would pay for healthcare if we returned to lifetime limits. Whether we  would be returning to the predatory-type practices of the insurance  companies that were present before the Affordable Care Act and whether  we would be returning to preexisting conditions or doing that  indirectly through what benefits would be covered--that was expressed  at several of my healthcare meetings.   I already mentioned the concerns that the elderly expressed,  including the discrimination of the near elderly, if we go to a 5-to-1  ratio on health premiums, so that those who are 60 or 62 years of age  paying five times higher premiums than younger people are paying. All  of that was brought out during my townhall meetings.   The one message I just wanted to leave with my colleagues is that  there was a strong interest that we work together--Democrats and  Republicans--because we all acknowledge that the Affordable Care Act  can be made better. We don't want to repeal it. We want to improve it.   Before we left for the July 4th break, I introduced legislation that  deals with some of these issues. The legislation would improve  competition by putting the so-called public option in the exchanges so  that we know there would be at least one governmental option without  subsidies, without any additional breaks over private insurance  companies, to guarantee more competition in the marketplace.  [[Page S3905]]    I also included in my legislation a solution to deal with the two  major problems that we have under the Affordable Care Act. For some  people, the insurance premiums are too high. Why? Well, I asked  CareFirst, which is the major health insurer in Maryland, about the  uncertainty as to whether President Trump is going to fund the cost- sharing issues. My legislation makes it clear that those funds will be  made available, as was anticipated under the Affordable Care Act.   I also provide predictable subsidies for lower income families, up to  400 percent of poverty, so that we can help bring down the cost of  premiums in that marketplace, and we reimpose the reinsurance program  so that we can spread the risk so the insurance companies know that  they have a more predictable risk when they set their premiums.   All of this would make a big difference. CareFirst said that, in the  individual marketplace in Maryland, if you do that and endorse the  individual mandate, we could reduce our premium increases by 50  percent.   So I am trying to work, I hope with Democrats and Republicans, to  deal with the problems that have been brought to our attention on  higher premiums and then to deal with healthcare costs generally.   More and more people talk to me about bringing down the costs of  prescription drugs. It is outrageous that Americans pay twice what our  friends in Canada pay for the same medicines that are manufactured here  in the United States. So why don't we have a more competitive  marketplace? Why don't we have the rebates that we have in the Medicaid  and the Medicare systems, and why don't we allow for more collective  bargaining for prices in the pharmaceutical industry? My legislation  would do that, and I know there is bipartisan support for that.   Lastly, we deal with more integrated care. I mentioned Mosaic, a  behavioral health facility in Baltimore City. They have an integrated  care model. If you come into their community health center, they will  treat whatever your problems are. They are not going to say: Well, come  in one day and we will deal with diabetes, and the next day we will  deal with high blood pressure. Let's deal with the whole patient in a  coordinated and integrated care model, and that would help save on  costs.   My bottom line is this. No, I am not going to support weakening the  Affordable Care Act. I am not going to support legislation that would  diminish those who currently have coverage or the quality of their  coverage. Let's work together--Democrats and Republicans--to deal with  the real problems of bringing down costs in our healthcare system-- everybody benefits from that--and to make sure there is more  competition in our exchanges and to make sure there is better premium  support for those who cannot afford their premiums. If we do that,  then, I really think we would be carrying out what the people of  Maryland were asking me to do during the recess; that is, not to go  back on the progress we have made under the Affordable Care Act. Let's  build on that. Let's make healthcare more affordable, and let's deal  with more competition on the premium costs.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   