 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak on this  different kind of rule. It is basically a rule defining a rule that  defines future activity. So it is somewhat convoluted.   But this is a regulation--one more of those broad, midnight  regulations--that affects 250 million acres of land, almost all of  which is found in the West. Even in my own district, it will affect 3  million acres of land; that means something that is bigger than the  State of Delaware and Rhode Island combined. It affects us with  disastrous consequences. As has been said, this dilutes local and State  voices and centralizes power here in Washington, D.C.   By law already, the agencies have got to meet with local and State  leaders and coordinate, which they are not doing well. This undermines  that specifically, and it stacks the deck from the very beginning  against counties and State voices and against multiple use.   This puts special interest groups above elected local officials,  which is not the way it was ever intended to be. There are 60 different  organizations that are begging us to repeal this bad rule.   In my district, the Duchesne County Commissioners wrote us to say:  [[Page H1033]]    ``Our constituents are good stewards of the land, dedicated to  meeting environmental requirements, while developing and supplying  affordable energy to consumers. We believe Planning 2.0 presents  multiple challenges that will prejudice multiple use interests with a  bias. . . . ''   That bias is clearly there. That bias is shown in the mitigation  factor within this. Within the bowels of the Department of the  Interior, they have shown us how they are going to implement this rule,  which means if there is any kind of economic or recreational  opportunity and you want to develop, say, like 50 acres to do that,  they will insist that you go out and buy either State or private land  as a mitigation for those 50 acres. And if you can't find additional  private or State lands, you hold up the entire process.   Either way, you expand the amount of acreage the Federal Government  will do, and that is part of this Planning 2.0 process. That is why it  is so ludicrous.   Duchesne County participated in the rulemaking process for Planning  2.0, but like all the other counties, States, and local governments,  their concerns were ignored and their opinions were excluded in the  final rule. We had two separate hearings on this issue, but all the  testimony that was heard was also ignored and no input was given to  them at that time.   Look, counties like Duchesne are in dire situations, especially in  the West. They need to be consulted. That is their role and  responsibility. That is what a democracy in the republican form of  government does.   This rule bypasses them. It cuts out their voice, and it puts in  programs like that mitigation, which is definitely scary and has  absolutely negative connotations for the future.   This is a perfect rule that needs to be rolled back because it goes  too far, it was done at the last minute, and it undermines the kind of  input we need to make proper decisions.   I compliment the gentlewoman from Wyoming for presenting this rule.  This is one that has got to go. I urge Members' support of her  resolution.   