 Mr. President, there has been a long conversation about  a Supreme Court Justice. Quite frankly, there should be a long  conversation. It is an incredibly important role of the Senate for  advice and consent. We are talking about a Supreme Court Justice as  someone who serves on the Court for life, so it has to be right.   A long conversation about Neil Gorsuch is coming to a head. In the  next week, he will come to this floor. He will face final debate, and  the very long confirmation process will end with him joining the  Supreme Court as the ninth Justice. When he is added on as an Associate  Justice, it won't have been a short journey. He has met with every  single Senator face to face. He has made all the time available that  they wanted to have for face-to-face questions and to be able to go  through those issues personally. He has been in very long hearings. He  sat down hour after hour, multiple days, answering questions from  Senators in the Judiciary Committee, then a vote from the Judiciary  Committee, and then coming to this floor. There has been research in  his background in every case. Everything he has ever written and every  speech he has ever given has been examined overwhelmingly. And at the  end of that, he has been found to be a very serious member of the  judiciary.   In this body in 2006, he was put on the Tenth Circuit, a circuit that  Oklahoma happens to be in. There was a unanimous vote in the Senate in  2006 for him to join the Tenth Circuit. He was seen as a consistent,  solid, mainstream, fair judge. That means Senator Joe Biden voted for  him. Hillary Clinton voted for him. Chuck Schumer voted for him. Barack  Obama voted for him in 2006.   After going through all of his background leading up to this point,  since that time, what has happened? Did he leave the mainstream during  that time period after he was overwhelmingly voted here, unanimously  out of the Senate, to be on the Tenth Circuit? Well, since that time,  he has been a part of 2,700 cases in the last decade. Of those 2,700  cases, 97 percent of them were unanimous. In 99 percent of the cases,  he was in the majority in those opinions. Only 1 percent of the time he  was not in the majority of the decision.   So you may ask, who is the Tenth Circuit Court that he is working  with, this large group of judges who are in that court? Let me give you  the basics of it. Of the Tenth Circuit judges there right now, whom he  is serving with, with whom he was in the majority 99 percent of the  time, five of the other judges were Obama appointees, five of them were  George W. Bush appointees, three of them were Clinton appointees, three  of them were Reagan appointees, 1 was Bush 41, and 2 of them were from  President Carter. That is the group he was voting with in the majority  99 percent of the time.    He was seen by this Senate in 2006 to be a solid, mainstream jurist.  Since that time period, he has voted with them 99 percent of the time  in a very diverse Tenth Circuit.   CRS, in their background research with him, said that Judge Gorsuch's  opinions had the fewest number of dissents of anyone in the Tenth  Circuit. In other words, when he wrote the opinion, his colleagues  disagreed with him the fewest number of times of anyone on the Tenth  Circuit.   He is a solid jurist, respected around the country, and one who  deserves not only an intense investigation but I believe deserves to be  put on the Supreme Court of the United States. I look forward to voting  for him next week.   In the process, I hope, as we support him, that we will also step up  and do a process that has been consistent in this country for the last  230 years of how we process through judges; that is, we have an up-or- down vote. They are not blocked by a cloture vote to try to keep them  from getting to a final vote. The judges here get an up-or-down vote.  That is the way we have done it.   Of the eight Justices who are sitting on the bench right now, only  one of them even had a cloture vote at all, and that one wasn't even  close. It was 72 to 25, and that was Justice Alito.   Just to walk through the brief history of some of the recent judges  and some of the things that have happened and how it is absurd that we  would even be discussing a filibuster of a Supreme Court Justice,  Justice Kagan was approved by a vote of 63 to 37. There was bipartisan  support coming out of the committee. I can assure you, there wasn't  bipartisan support for policy positions.   For some reason, Judge Gorsuch is being accused of being partisan or  political or somehow connected to the President, so that would  disqualify him.   Ironically, Justice Kagan was a member of the White House staff  before she was nominated to go onto the Court. That was not considered  disqualifying when it was Justice Kagan and the Republicans were in the  minority looking at it. They considered that everyone should be looked  at fairly based on qualifications, when she was coming directly from  the White House staff onto the Supreme Court.   Justice Sotomayor was approved by a vote of 68 to 31--again,  bipartisan support even in committee.   Clarence Thomas, one of the most controversial nominees in this last  century, came out of the committee with a divided committee. After the  vote failed, the committee then voted to send his nomination to the  floor without a recommendation. He then passed on a floor vote of 52 to  48. There was never a request for a cloture vote. No one filibustered  him--not one person.   If Clarence Thomas would have had a filibuster threat facing him, he  wouldn't be on the Court today. He has been an excellent jurist on the  Supreme Court, but he came out during a time when there weren't these  idle threats.   It is even interesting that Robert Bork, who is currently not on the  Court--his vote failed 42 to 58, but that was a failed final vote.  Robert Bork did  [[Page S2081]]  not face a filibuster threat. He was brought to a final up-or-down  vote.   I could go on and on to walk through the judges and Justices and how  they have gone through the process, but there has been a simple  procedure: Is this person qualified?   The American Bar Association, multiple entities, huge bipartisan  support around the country--there is no question he is qualified. There  is no question he has been a great jurist. There is no question he has  been an excellent writer.   Now it is a question of, Will the Senate follow through on the  procedures that we have followed through on for two centuries? Give  judges an up-or-down vote, and the majority and the minority both  respect the process of what it means to be a part of article III  leaders in the Justice Department.   This is the way that this works in the days ahead; this is the way it  has worked in the days past. We need to be able to resolve it now.   I look forward to voting up or down and getting that vote for Judge  Gorsuch. I look forward to his joining the Court to be that ninth  Justice and to the Court being able to get back to their business.  There are a few issues that are unresolved from the fall. There are not  many cases that were divided 4 to 4, but a few. It is time to get those  resolved and be able to add this ninth Justice.   With that, I yield the floor.   