 Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that our  friends on the other side of the aisle will soon get over their  obsession with the 2016 election and actually work with the majority on  genuine tax reform, genuine healthcare reform, and, of course,  Congressman Emmer's good bill from Minnesota, H.R. 3905, which I am  proud to stand up and support today, to expand employment opportunities  for my home State of Minnesota.   Employers in the mining, energy, infrastructure, and manufacturing  industries have been struggling to invest in projects and employees  over the last 8 years.   In fact, when a business finally figures out a way to go forward,  determining the economic feasibility of a project, and decides to  invest, then the Federal Government comes in and changes the rules,  forcing them back to square one. Minnesota is all too familiar with  this process.   Last-ditch Federal, bureaucratic decisions are costing our citizens  thousands of well-paying jobs, our communities tax revenue, and our  State educational systems funding, and is costing many Minnesotans  their way of life.   Over the past 100 years, Congress has studied and voted on where  mining should and should not take place. Minnesota has a proud history  of protecting the State's natural beauty, while also encouraging safe  mining, providing jobs for our citizens, especially in the northeastern  part of the State. That is why they call it the Iron Range.   We now have private companies that are willing to invest in  Minnesota, employ our constituents, and grow our communities. And what  has the Federal Government done? They put up a road block, without  congressional intent or input.    The Federal Government is proposing to unilaterally ban mineral  exploration and development on 235,000 acres of land that was meant to  provide jobs in our State.   Mr. Speaker, Congressman Emmer's bill does not undo environmental  studies, the bill does not fast-track mining, and it doesn't even  approve a mine. It is simply a vote to let the State of Minnesota  review and approve mining operations, based on each individual's  projects, merits, and impacts.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    That is why the Laborers' International Union  of North America, International Union of Operating Engineers,  Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, Jobs for Minnesotans  Coalition, North America's Building Trades Union, and United  Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, to name a few,  support the bill.   Congress has always respected what activities should be allowed to  occur in the several States. This legislation makes certain the public  and the State of Minnesota retain that authority.   That is why I am proud to vote in favor of this rule and eventual  passage of the MINER Act that allows Minnesotans more opportunity.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Wyoming talks about this great tax  bill that the Republicans have proposed. I would call her attention to  an article in Politico/Morning Consult today, which said that 8 percent  of Americans believe that the Senate should take the Republican House- passed tax bill and enact it as-is--8 percent. I don't know how much  lower you can get.   I thought my friend's healthcare bill had terrible ratings. I think  it was like 17 percent of the American people supported it. I don't  know how she can walk around and be proud of what she is trying to do  here when the vast majority of the people don't want what you are  selling. They believe that these policies will be harmful.   We are supposed to be the House of Representatives--the people's  House--not the House of corporations, to give out special deals to  mining companies, or to pass tax bills that benefit corporations at the  expense of middle class families, or to pass healthcare reform that is  a giveaway to insurance companies and rips away health coverage from  millions and millions of people. I mean, come on.   Mr. Speaker, as I said, we believe in transparency on this side of  the aisle, and we need to know what is behind some of these proposes in  this tax bill, to find out who is benefiting and who is not. We know a  lot of middle class families will not benefit. They are going to see  their taxes increase. But we would like to know whether or not this  President is going to benefit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Clay).   