 Mr. President, what a historic day for Montana. As a  fellow Montanan, as a member of the Senate Committee on Energy and  Natural Resources and Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies, I look forward to working with Ryan  Zinke in his new role as the Secretary of the Interior.   Serving at the helm of the Department of the Interior, I know he will  be a strong advocate for our public lands. He will uphold the Federal  trust responsibility to Indian tribes, and he will help unleash  American energy and will strengthen our water infrastructure.   I have heard all week some friends on the other side of the aisle  speak against my good friend from Montana, Ryan Zinke. I can tell you,  I am perplexed. They are concerned that Ryan Zinke may not uphold the  important roles of the Department of Interior--and that is to protect  the public interests in land and mineral management--that he will take  shortcuts to extract minerals. Let me tell you what Ryan Zinke will do,  and I have known Ryan Zinke for 38 years. He will finally restore  balance to the use and management of Federal land.   Do you know that in Montana we have more recoverable coal than any  State in the United States? Yet the Obama administration had planned to  block our ability, Montana's ability, to develop these resources. A  moratorium is not a responsible policy. It is reckless. It is  misguided, leaving the States and the tribes to be reliant on mineral  royalties, to lose out on these revenues, and lose out on the good- paying jobs that coal supports. Ryan Zinke will take a fresh look at  our coal programs and see how we can access these untapped resources in  an environmentally responsible way.   Let me remind my colleagues that Ryan Zinke was born and raised in  Montana. It is a State where we like to say we get to work where we  also like to play. He will restore that balance to the Department so  Montanans can gain better access to our public lands.   He will also ensure our public lands work for those who live closest  to them, and that means our States and our tribes. Ryan is a Montanan.  He grew up in America's public lands. He grew up in the shadows of  Glacier National Park. I grew up in the shadows of Yellowstone National  Park. He knows we must strike this balance between conservation and  responsible energy development, and he understands better than anybody  I know that one-size-fits-all policies of Washington, DC, never work  for real America.   I look forward to voting for my friend, my colleague, a Navy SEAL for  23 years, and our next Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke.     I yield back the time on both sides.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, back in 1979, there was a junior from  Bozeman High School and another junior from Whitefish High School, both  headed to Dillon, MT, as Boys State delegates. The keynote speaker that  year was a newly elected U.S. Senator named Max Baucus. Who knew that  38 years later the kid from Bozeman would serve as a U.S. Senator and  the kid from Whitefish would be our next Secretary of the Interior.   Congratulations to Ryan Zinke, our new Secretary of the Interior, who  was confirmed with very strong bipartisan support. He is the first  Montanan to serve in a President's Cabinet since our statehood in 1889.   Ryan, it is truly an honor to be one of the very first to call you  Secretary Zinke. On behalf of the people of Montana and our country,  well done, sir.   I yield back my time.   