 Mr. Speaker, as a member of the House  Intelligence Committee, I am proud of the bipartisanship that allowed  us to put this bill together.   Our committee, which normally operates quietly, has gotten more  attention than normal this year as we conduct the critical business of  investigating Russian intervention in our elections.   But we still do our day job--overseeing intelligence programs and  providing support to the men and women of our intelligence community  who fight to keep our country safe.   This bill is the culmination of this cooperation.   Our country is facing a wide array of pervasive and complex threats.   Our near-peer adversaries, Russia and China, are rapidly growing  their military capabilities and regularly, unashamedly violating  international law.   A nuclear weapons stockpile and functioning ICBM program now sit in  the hands of an unpredictable North Korean dictator.   And the so-called caliphate started by ISIS is losing ground, only to  increase homegrown attacks against the United States and its allies.   My constituents, like all Americans, are rightly concerned.   But they can feel confident that we are working with the intelligence  community on ways to address them.   As the Ranking Member of the Emerging Threats Subcommittee, I am  particularly interested in supporting our intelligence professionals  who assess and prevent terrorist threats to our homeland--while  protecting the civil rights and liberties of innocent Americans.   I'm working to ensure they use their expertise, as well as that in  the private sector, to find and remove online propaganda used to  recruit would-be attackers.   I'm also proud to include language that will enable the IC and  private sector to temporarily exchange IT talent in order to better  tackle some of the toughest cybersecurity challenges.   Mr. Speaker, Chairman Nunes and Ranking Member Schiff have led this  process with bipartisan professionalism.   This bill is stronger because it reflects the input of all of our  members.   The full House should have this same opportunity--not be forced to  vote up or down under suspension.   Republican leadership owes it to our members to return to regular  order so our bill can benefit from the input of the full House.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee and vigilant defender of our national security, I  rise in support of H.R. 3180, the ``Intelligence Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2018,'' which will provide the Intelligence Community (IC)  with the necessary resources and authorities to ensure they remain  capable of protecting and defending the United States.   This bill authorizes appropriations for Fiscal Year 2018 for vital  intelligence activities of the U.S. government, the Community  Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)  Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes.   H.R. 3180 comes at a critical time in the status of our national  security and the IC's ability to protect it.   As we continue to face a diverse and growing array of threats from  terrorist groups, hostile nation states, and questionable or  incompetent figures in the Trump administration, it is crucial that the  IC receive all the resources it needs to do its job while Congress has  the necessary tools to carry out rigorous oversight of its work.   This bill seeks to meet these challenges by supporting critical  national security programs, particularly those focused on countering  terrorism and cyberattacks.   Under H.R. 3180, the Director of National Intelligence will be  required to electronically publish an unclassified advisory report on  foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to federal  elections.   It also bolsters intelligence oversight by ensuring that IC  contractors can meet freely with Congress.   Lastly, this bill improves IC accountability to Congress by requiring  the IC to provide reports on:   Investigations of leaks of classified information;   Security clearance processing timelines;   The process for reviewing information about computer vulnerabilities  for retention or potential release;   And Russian influence campaigns directed at foreign elections and  threat finance activities.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3180 is a necessary response to the overwhelming  evidence pointing to a carefully planned and executed infiltration of  our 2016 Presidential Election by the Russian government and its  operatives.   The issue of cybersecurity, particularly with regards to our federal  election computer system infrastructure, has been of great concern to  me and the American public as more and more reports of Russian hacking  efforts have come to light.   In addition, the provision requiring reports on security clearance  processing timelines should shed light on the highly dubious and  inscrutable security clearances of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.   Donald Trump's blatant and irresponsible nepotism towards his  daughter and son-in-law have made us all vulnerable to Russian and  other foreign influence at the highest levels of our federal  government.   H.R. 3180 will give the American people what they crave and deserve:  clarity and transparency to pierce through the haze of cover-ups and  distractions surrounding the Trump Administration.   This bill also takes significant, much-needed steps to improve  benefits for members of the IC, such as increasing employee  compensation and authorizing $514 million in appropriations for the  CIA's Retirement and Disability System.   Congress must do its part to adequately recompense the patriotic  Americans who serve our nation through their work in the IC, especially  employees with disabilities, who make up 9 percent of the intelligence  workforce.   At the same lime, we must continue to ensure that Congress can  exercise oversight over and maintain transparency for the 17 agencies  that comprise the IC.   I am heartened that my Republican colleagues in the Intelligence  Committee are starting to see the light in recognizing the sinister  threat of Russian infiltration and White House collusion, both of which  endanger our nation's ability to practice and protect its core  democratic values.   I look forward to working with all Members of Congress to strengthen  our IC, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important legislation.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from California (Mr. Nunes) that the House suspend the rules  and pass the bill, H.R. 3180, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   