 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week I filed an amicus brief calling  on the U.S. Supreme Court to hear and then overturn the ruling of the  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in United States v. Sanchez-Gomez. I am  proud to have been supported in this effort by all 15 sheriffs in my  home State of Arizona, as well as the Western States Sheriffs  Association and the National Sheriffs' Association.   I should mention that this is not a partisan issue we are talking  about. We have sheriffs representing both parties in Arizona. Every  sheriff in Arizona has supported this amicus--all 15.   This decision by the Ninth Circuit is just another example of a  ruling that is well outside of the judicial mainstream. Unfortunately,  in this case, their ruling dramatically undercuts effective border  enforcement, and it creates a dangerous situation for law enforcement  and the public. In this case, the Ninth Circuit ruled that it violates  the rights of prisoners for marshals and other sheriffs or other  courtroom personnel to employ commonplace, thoughtfully crafted  courtroom safety policies in which prisoners appear before a judge,  fitted with appropriate restraints. This is a significant change from  common practice, and it conflicts with two other courts of appeals.   More troubling, the decision has prompted public safety concerns for  Arizona and throughout the West. First, law enforcement will have no  choice but to increase the number of officers needed to maintain the  safety of individuals inside courtrooms. This means that more U.S.  marshals and sheriffs will be spending their days in courthouses  instead of pursuing violent fugitives or preventing street crime. Even  with these increased numbers, law enforcement officials have expressed  concern over the high threshold they are now forced to attain in order  to get permission to fit dangerous prisoners with restraints.   By putting these restraints on law enforcement rather than prisoners,  this ruling limits the ability of sheriffs and U.S. marshals to ensure  the safety of the judges, jurors, lawyers, prisoners, victims, and  members of the public inside these courthouses around the country.   This decision also dramatically undercuts the ability of the Federal  courts to process illegal immigration border crossing cases as part of  Operation Streamline, the very successful border enforcement program  that has worked so well in some parts of Arizona. By establishing a  zero tolerance approach to illegal border crossings, Operation  Streamline has made a dramatic difference in the number of illegal  border crossings in communities like Tucson and Yuma.   This year, the Operation Streamline Program averaged around 45  individuals per hearing. Even with these high caseloads, the program  could remain efficient, thanks in part to traditional courtroom safety  procedures. They could take 40 prisoners at a time and process them if  they were allowed to use the current courtroom practices. These old  policies allow law enforcement to bring up to 75 individuals into the  courtroom at once, but under the Ninth Circuit's decision to relax  courtroom safety protocols, law enforcement officers are now forced to  limit groups of prisoners before the court to no more than a handful at  a time. This makes it increasingly impractical for judges to hear cases  due to the amount of time required for law enforcement to move small  numbers of prisoners in and out of the courtroom. There simply aren't  the hours in a day.   I take the independence of the courts very seriously. That is why,  when every sheriff in my State comes to me and says that there is a  court ruling that is endangering their deputies and the public, I am  going to urge that the decision be overturned by the proper authority.   This makes a difference in Arizona for another reason as well. We  have a lot of older courthouses. Some of them are historic courthouses.  These buildings simply aren't built for today's needs in terms of  access for prisoners and the public within these courthouses. Sometimes  they have to go in the same doorways and in the same hallways. If law  enforcement and courtroom security personnel are not allowed to have  standards in terms of prisoner restraint, then you endanger  [[Page S6282]]  the safety of individuals visiting the courthouse and others. You are  simply unable to process the number of cases that we have in Arizona,  particularly near the border with regard to immigration cases.   I hope that the High Court, the Supreme Court, will grant cert here  and examine this ruling. It really makes a difference in a State like  Arizona.   With that, I yield back the remainder of my time.   