 Madam President, I want to talk a little bit about  Alaska this afternoon. Alaska is a beautiful State. Anyone who has  visited knows that. Those who have watched any of the numerous  television shows featuring my State know that. We have the mountains  that seem to go on forever, fish-filled rivers and streams and oceans,  miles and miles of beautiful tundra, calving glaciers.   People save their whole lives to take a trip to Alaska, to see the  wildlife, to see the bears, the salmon in the wild. There is no doubt  Alaska is physically beautiful, but for those of us who live there, the  true beauty of our State comes from our people. From our urban areas to  the hundreds of smaller towns and small villages that dot our State, we  have so many great citizens doing so many great things throughout all  of our communities.  [[Page S136]]    What I want to do is to recognize some of our citizens and tell their  stories. So every week I will be doing that. Every week I will be  recognizing an Alaskan who has made a special contribution to our great  State and great Nation. For the kickoff of the Alaskan of the Week, I  think it is appropriate to recognize a storyteller.   Narratives keep the people in my State connected to one another. They  keep history and culture alive in our great State. That is what Juneau  resident Professor Ernestine Hayes does for us in her writing.  Professor Hayes was recognized by the Alaska Humanities Forum and the  Alaska State Council on the Arts as the current Alaska State Writer  Laureate.   The recognition is well deserved. Professor Hayes teaches writing at  the University of Alaska Southeast and is the author of two  extraordinary award-winning memoirs, the ``Blonde Indian,'' and the  ``Tao of Raven.'' Her books chart her unique experiences of growing up  in Juneau as a Tlingit at a time when Alaska Natives were denied basic  rights and ``No Native'' signs were common on storefronts.   Her career as a writer and a teacher began in her fifties. Living the  principle that learning should be a lifetime passion, she graduated  from the University of Alaska Southeast--magna cum laude, I might add-- when she was 55 years old. In between, she moved to California, where  she struggled to find purpose, and, as she put it, she was determined  to go back home to Alaska or die facing north.   Thankfully, for us, she made it back home. In the ``Tao of Raven,''  she weaves in the story of Raven and the box of light. Professor Hayes  writes about the importance of giving back to the community. ``Although  Raven could well have decided to keep light and luster and blinding  brilliance for only his own pleasure,'' she writes, ``he knew that to  keep riches to oneself guarantees their decline.''   I congratulate Professor Hayes for being chosen as our State's Writer  Laureate and our first inaugural Alaskan of the Week. Thank you,  Professor Hayes, for sharing your blinding brilliance.   I yield the floor.   