 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great  American, Dr. Virginia Kimbrough Newell, who will celebrate her 100th  birthday on Saturday, October 7. Dr. Newell has spent her entire  lifetime in service to others as a civil rights activist, elected  official, mentor, and friend.   Dr. Newell was born in Advance, North Carolina, to William and Dinah  Kimbrough. She graduated from historic Atkins High School in Winston- Salem and received a degree in mathematics from Talladega College in  Talladega, Alabama. She received her master's degree from New York  University and a doctorate in education from the University of Sarasota  in Sarasota, Florida.   After receiving her doctorate, Dr. Newell returned to her beloved  North Carolina and taught mathematics at Washington High School and  J.W. Ligon High School in Raleigh. Dr. Newell later joined the faculty  at Shaw University in Raleigh as an associate professor of mathematics.   In 1965, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Newell joined Winston-Salem State  University as a mathematics professor. She taught at that institution  for 20 long years and served as chair of the mathematics department.  Acknowledging her tremendous contributions to the university, the  computer science center bears her name.   A dedicated public servant, Dr. Newell served as Winston-Salem city  alderman for 16 years, where she focused on the needs of her  constituents and advocated for those who were often without a voice. In  recognition of her selfless advocacy, the city of Winston-Salem has  named a street and walking trail in her honor.   Virginia Kimbrough married George Fisher Newell, a distinguished  science professor, a marriage that lasted 46 long years. Two daughters  were born to the marriage, my friend, Dr. Glenda Newell-Harris, and Dr.  Virginia D. Banks. She is blessed with six grandchildren: Brittany,  Phillip, Mary, Matthew, Mark, and Todd.   Dr. Newell is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated,  and is a platinum member of The Links, Incorporated. She is an Alpha  Bette, which is a wife of an Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity man, and an  Archousa, which is a wife of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity. She has been a  faithful member of First Baptist Church in Winston-Salem for more than  50 years.   Dr. Newell is, without a doubt, a visionary trailblazer who has  positively impacted the lives of so many. On behalf of the United  States House of Representatives and the people of my congressional  district, I wish Dr. Virginia Kimbrough Newell a very happy 100th  birthday.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms.  Adams), who is from the 12th District of North Carolina.   