 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, this bill that we are debating today has been touted as  Congress' solution to the longstanding issue of fire borrowing that has  plagued the Forest Service.   I represent a district that has experienced a lot of wildfire.  Thankfully, the recent devastating fires in the North Bay were not  caused by this fire-borrowing issue. They did not involve Federal  public lands. However, I have had a lot of wildfire in my district over  the years, and fire borrowing is a top priority for me. Unfortunately,  as it is currently written, this bill introduces more problems than  solutions on this issue. Let me explain.   The title in the bill pertaining to fire borrowing repurposes the  Stafford Act, which Congress enacted to provide assistance to State and  local governments in case of emergencies. This requires Congress to  appropriate the 10-year average for wildfire suppression before the  Forest Service can access emergency funds. That is not the way to solve  this problem. In fact, I saw that just yesterday the administration  issued a SAP because of this problematic provision.   If Congress is serious about fixing the budget issue, we should be  making funds available ahead of an emergency situation, and we should  remove the cost of fighting catastrophic fires from the agency's base  budget. That will enable them to invest in proactive measures to make  our forests more resilient and healthy.   Although the Rules Committee added title XI to this bill, which  increased the overall cap for disaster spending, the problems with  using the Stafford Act approach still remain.   The second point. This bill, essentially, is a gutting of  environmental protections and an attack on sustainable forest  management that threatens equal access to justice. We should just call  it what it is.   Title I of this bill allows intensive logging projects of 10,000 to  30,000 acres each. That is as big as the entire city of San Francisco.  Projects of that size can proceed on Federal public lands without any  environmental review under NEPA, without any compliance with the  Endangered Species Act.   Title II of the bill eliminates the requirement that the Forest  Service consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service and, essentially,  let's the Forest Service decide for itself if it wants to follow the  Endangered Species Act consultation requirements regarding any of its  projects on public lands.   Title III further chokes judicial review by prohibiting the recovery  of attorneys' fees for any challenges to forest management activity  under the Equal Access to Justice Act, including meritorious successful  challenges. This severely limits public review of logging projects on  Federal public lands.   How would any of these measures promote forest health? It wouldn't.  So let's call this bill what it is. It is an environmental wrecking  ball that weakens standards and protections, limits public  participation in the review of Federal agency actions, and won't make  our forests any healthier or safer.   