 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   (Mr. McGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, we are strongly opposed to this rule.   Mr. Speaker, I have to say to my colleagues that this is really a sad  day, not only for the institution, but for the United States of  America.   It is frustrating that we are here today doing a third continuing  resolution. For those who are watching these proceedings, we should be  actually passing appropriations bills that fund the government for an  entire year. We shouldn't be funding the government week to week, month  to month.   Yet my Republican friends have ended up doing just that. They can't  seem to get their act together, notwithstanding they are in control of  the House of Representatives, they are in control of the United States  Senate, and they are in control of the White House. They simply cannot  govern. They are lucky that the American people can't sue them, because  they would be sued for political malpractice.   The one thing that they are supposed to do is to keep this government  running and to keep the lights on, yet we lurch from one crisis to  another crisis to another crisis to another crisis.  [[Page H10350]]    Today, what they are saying is: Let's kick the can down the road  until January 19. You know what will happen then?   Another crisis. Then we will be in the same situation, and we will  probably kick the can down the road another few weeks.   That is not the way government is supposed to run. People need  certainty, and this Congress has delivered anything but certainty. It  has to stop. It is frustrating.   A solution, if I can be so bold as to suggest a solution to dealing  with some of the problems that the Republican leadership is  confronting, might be a little bipartisanship, might be opening up this  process a little bit, might be a little bit more deliberation on the  floor of the House of Representatives.   There are a couple of ways they can govern. One is, they can govern  in a way where they respect all points of view, where they actually  respect the viewpoint of the minority, where they open the process up  so the minority can, every once in a while, offer some amendments and  offer some alternatives, where they negotiate on spending bills in good  faith, where they know they are not going to get everything and the  minority knows they are not going to get everything, but they end up in  a compromise that is good enough to get bipartisan support.   That is the way things used to be done around here. I don't know why  it is so difficult to get back to those days, but if they want the  government to run better, that is what they need to do. They have to  stop this my-way-or-the-highway approach to every single piece of  legislation that comes before this body.   My friends have had more closed rules than any other session of  Congress. This is the most closed session in the history of the  Congress. That is what this session will go down in history as being:  the most closed session in the history of Congress.   They have used martial law, they have used closed rules, they have  had emergency meetings, all to try to get us to this point where we are  kicking the can down the road for a couple of weeks. That is it.   What we should have been doing is working together not only to keep  the government open, but we ought to have been working together to  raise the caps.   Democrats want a strong national defense. We also need an equal  increase in our domestic budget, which includes critical national  security functions and commitments to hardworking families.   My friends ought to know that one-third of the nondefense domestic  budget goes to national security, veterans, homeland security, and the  State Department's and the Justice Department's counterterrorism  initiatives.   I would also say that supporting housing initiatives and investing in  education and environmental protection so that our fellow citizens  don't have to drink water that is contaminated with lead is also a part  of our national security.   We ought to have been working in a bipartisan way to resolve all of  these issues together.   We need to work to fund the opioid epidemic. What we have done in  this Congress is given lots of speeches about how terrible this opioid  epidemic is. We have talked about the need to support our local  communities.   We have done a lot of talking, but what we need to do is appropriate  the necessary money so that local communities can implement the  strategies to effectively deal with the opioid crisis in their areas.  We ought to have been focusing on that.   We need additional veterans funding. Democrats are urging Republicans  to join us to provide urgently needed resources to veterans facing a  dire shortfall at the VA, meeting our responsibility to ensure that no  veteran is left behind or denied the care and opportunities they  deserve upon return from the battlefield.    CHIP, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and community health  centers are incredibly important to us and people throughout this  country. We are calling for immediate reauthorization of these vital  initiatives, one that doesn't rob Peter to pay Paul, one that doesn't  say we are going to fund CHIP by taking money away from the prevention  program that provides moneys for immunizations and dealing with issues  like lead paint and other issues that affect our kids.   We need emergency disaster relief that is adequate to meet the needs  of all the States and localities and territories that have been  impacted by these terrible natural disasters.   We need to save Americans' endangered pensions. Millions of  hardworking Americans' pensions are at risk, and we are calling for  bipartisan action to enact a responsible reform plan to ensure that  these struggling pensions will keep on going.   We also believe that we ought to pass the bipartisan Dream Act that  we spent a lot of time in the Rules Committee talking about today.  Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi; Minority Whip Steny Hoyer; and the head  of the Hispanic Caucus, Michelle Lujan Grisham, spent many hours at the  Rules Committee today. Leader Pelosi was there for 2\1/2\ hours  testifying on the need to pass the bipartisan Dream Act.   We ought to do that before we go home for Christmas. There are  800,000-plus people whose lives are in the balance because, on  September 7, Donald Trump decided to end protection for the DREAMers.   Here is what the President I don't think appreciates and what some of  my colleagues I think don't appreciate, but we learned about this today  in the Rules Committee: we don't have until March to deal with the  Dream Act. Each and every day, people are losing their status. On  average, about 122 a day, we are told.   So there are people who are here who had the protections under DACA  who are losing their status, losing their jobs, losing their  livelihoods, and their lives have been thrown into turmoil.   Why in the world would we do that?   The majority of Americans, overwhelmingly Democrats and Republicans  and Independents, all believe we should protect the DREAMers.   We heard in the Rules Committee: Well, we need more committee  deliberation. Again, the President took their protections away on  September 7. It is now December 21.   What have you been doing?   They said: Well, the Judiciary Committee needs to do more hearings.  Well, what have they been waiting for?   The Judiciary Committee recently set up a bill, the concealed carry  reciprocity bill, which allows people from States that have almost no  standards to issue permits for people to carry concealed weapons to be  able to go to any State in this country, no matter what those States'  standards may be, basically endangering my constituents.   They brought that to the Rules Committee. They had time to bring that  before the Rules Committee and before the House. There was not a single  hearing. None.   We had this tax scam bill that we just voted on where 83 percent of  the tax breaks go to the top 1 percent of the wealthiest in this  country. Remember that bill that the President just celebrated with all  my Republican friends?   That came before this House, and there wasn't a single hearing on it.  But now we need to have hearings when it comes to protecting the  DREAMers.   It is outrageous. These DREAMers are contributing to the betterment  of our communities. We should celebrate them. We should value them.  They have served in our military. They are out front leading disaster  relief efforts, saving lives. They are working in Fortune 500  companies. They are going to school. They are valued members of our  community. And we treat them like this?   Come on. If we brought the Dream Act to the floor, it would pass with  Democratic support and a big chunk of Republican support. There is  absolutely no reason to continue to stall on this issue. All that will  happen as a result of our stalling is that more people will lose their  status, more lives will be thrown into turmoil.   I would just say to my colleagues: It is the Christmas season. This  is a time, if ever, where the spirit ought to take over, and we ought  to do something good for the American people, not just for the donors,  but for the people.   Giving a tax break to corporations and wealthy people will help with  the fundraisers, but what we need is to help these people, these  DREAMers whose lives are in the balance. We can't wait.  [[Page H10351]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this rule, allow  us to bring up a standalone Dream Act or an amendment that would allow  the Dream Act to be made in order, and I hope that we can get back to  regular order.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I have a lot of concerns about the way this process is  unfolding.   And, yes, the gentleman is right. I am exorcised. I am exorcised that  we have gone through all of these gyrations, including being on hold  trying to figure out what we were going to bring to the floor all night  last night, and we end up with this: basically kicking the can down the  road for a few weeks and not dealing with some essential emergency  priorities that are a concern to most people in this country.   Again, going back to this tax bill, that is an example of where  bipartisanship might have been helpful. I don't recall a tax reform  package--I don't even want to call it reform because, basically, it is  a giveaway to big corporations and to wealthy special interests--that  has been rammed through Congress purely on a partisan basis.   But maybe it had something to do with the fact that Democrats weren't  welcome to the table.   Maybe it had to do with the fact that Democrats were locked out.   Maybe it had something to do with the fact that this so-called  conference committee was a sham and, when Democrats showed up, a deal  had already been struck.   That is not bipartisanship.   And maybe we are a little bit exorcised because, time and time again,  when people go before the Rules Committee looking to offer legitimate,  germane amendments to try to improve legislation, rather than being  able to have the opportunity to offer those amendments on the floor and  have a debate, we are shut out all the time.   Again, this Congress, this Republican Congress, this session, has the  distinction of being the most closed session in the history of our  country. That is the distinction.   So, yes, we are exorcised. And we are exorcised over the fact that,  as we are about to adjourn for Christmas, hundreds of thousands of  people, DREAMers in this country, their lives have been thrown into  turmoil. These are people who have served in our military. They have  led rescue efforts during these recent hurricanes. They contribute  greatly to our community. A majority of people in this country want  them to remain here, and we can't even get a vote on the House floor,  notwithstanding the fact that we all know that, if we brought it to the  floor, we would pass it.   Mr. Speaker, the Republican majority has prioritized their tax scam  bill over reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program,  community health centers, helping DREAMers, and even funding our  government, which brings us to where we are now, days before Christmas,  scrambling to fulfill our most basic responsibilities.   But we should be doing more here than just trying to keep the lights  on. We also have a responsibility toward the hundreds of thousands of  young Americans--they are Americans in every way except on paper--who  have been betrayed by this administration. We need to pass the Dream  Act, and we need to do it now. Thirty-four of my Republican colleagues  have already spoken up and urged Speaker Ryan to help these young  people. The majority of this House is ready to do the right thing.   Mr. Speaker, here is our chance to do just that. If we defeat the  previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up  H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. The bipartisan, bicameral legislation has the  support of the majority of this House and would pass if it were brought  up for a vote.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Hastings), my colleague on the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), who spent 2\1/2\ hours today in the Rules  Committee fighting on behalf of the DREAMers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Barragan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I would inquire if the gentleman has any  time to share.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, it is the Christmas season, so I do want to begin by  thanking the gentleman from Georgia and the distinguished chairman of  the Rules Committee, Mr. Sessions, for always being so polite to me and  to other Democrats on the committee.   But I want to say, in all candor, that, in spite of that, we are  disrespected each and every day when our ideas are shut out and, in  turn, our constituents are disrespected. I represent the same number of  people as the Speaker of the House, as any Republican and any other  Democrat in this Chamber, and yet, routinely, we are told that our  ideas are not welcome.   I believe, Mr. Speaker, that every Member of this House, Democrats  and Republicans alike, are entitled to basic respect. We have just gone  through the most closed session in the history of our country, more  than 58 closed rules in this session. Over 1,500 amendments, both  Democratic and Republican amendments, were blocked. That is not what we  were promised by the leadership of this House.   We are disappointed with what we are dealing with today. We are  disappointed with the inaction and lack of support for the CHIP program  and the community health centers funding. We think that is inadequate.  We are disappointed that more funding isn't provided to deal with the  opioid crisis.   I could go on and on and on, but today, we are asking the Speaker to  allow a vote to help the DREAMers, men and women who came here as  children, who have served in our military, who have been first  responders saving lives in these disaster relief efforts, 91 percent  who work and pay taxes. They are important. They are valuable. We  should celebrate them.   I would say to my colleagues this is a matter of decency. The right  and decent thing to do is to help them, not rationalize inaction.   Please, please, for the sake of all that is good about our country,  join us in  [[Page H10357]]  defeating the previous question so we can have an up-or-down vote on  the Dream Act, so we can actually help these 800,000 people, these  young individuals who are giving so much to our country. It is the  right thing to do.   This is the Christmas season. I hope you are all moved to joining us  and to helping these people because, as we have learned, each and every  day that we wait, more and more of them lose their status. They lose  their jobs. Their lives are thrown into deeper turmoil.   It is wrong for us to go home and not deal with this. The decent  thing to do is to vote on the Dream Act.   Vote ``no'' on the previous question.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   