 Mr. Speaker, the reason you can't buy a house or a  business with a 1- or 2-page contract is all  [[Page H3295]]  the detail in that big, thick stack of documents ensures that both  parties are going to perform and do exactly as promised in the  contract. The same is true of this appropriations bill. The Founders  understood the power of the purse was the most important and powerful  check and balance in the Constitution.   I am proud to support this legislation because the detail in this  bill will help ensure that the agencies that are responsible for  spending our taxpayers' hard-earned and very precious tax dollars have  to perform according to the detail in this bill.   My portion of the bill--the Commerce, Justice, Science portion--is  responsible for funding our Nation's law enforcement officers. Now that  we have a President who will enforce the law, we ensure that our men  and women in uniform who protect us have the resources they need in  this bill. We funded the FBI with an additional $277 million to help  those men and women fight terrorism, espionage, and cybercrime. The  DEA, the Marshals Service, and the U.S. Attorneys all get increases to  ensure our communities are made safer by combating gangs, drug  trafficking, and violent crime. We make sure in this bill to fully fund  opioid abuse programs to reduce this terrible plague that is now  sweeping across our Nation.   We also in the Commerce, Justice, Science bill are responsible for  funding the National Science Foundation, which we protected and made  sure that the scientific community has the money they need to continue  to do their great work.   I also, as a Houstonian and a Texan, take special pride in the  funding that we have given to NASA to make sure that NASA will be  restored to the glory days of Apollo with a funding total of $19.7  billion, and put them on a 50-year path to discover life in another  world, the oceans of Europa, to look for that nearest Earthlike planet  around the nearest star, develop an interstellar rocket propulsion  system to go to at least 10 percent of the speed of light and to launch  no later than 2069, the 100th anniversary of Neil Armstrong setting  foot on the Moon. We have directed NASA to launch the first  interstellar mission to that nearest Earthlike planet.   To pay for these increases, we are freezing 29 programs and cutting  about 15 others to make sure that these are paid for.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    This bill protects our Second Amendment rights and  contains pro-life protections that we have had in previous legislation.  This is a good bill, Mr. Speaker. I urge all Members to support it.   