 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Garamendi for bringing  us together in this Special Order format to talk about some key  critical components that address American families significantly.  Representative Garamendi and Representative Marcy Kaptur, who both do  their homework, are a great addition to the House because they  challenge us with facts, not fiction. They care deeply and passionately  about improving and enhancing the quality of life. So to stand with  both on this issue is a good feeling for me.   Just a couple of observations: I think it is okay for government to  have a heart. We speak to the heart and soul of working families across  this country by understanding that health care is not a privilege; it  is a right.   So let's begin with that fundamental basic observation, a right. What  we have seen with this right is that over 30 million Americans have  been added to the rolls of the insured over the course of the  Affordable Care Act.   Now, Representative Kaptur did a great job of speaking to history of  [[Page H293]]  Medicare, of Social Security, and of the Affordable Care Act, as did  Representative Garamendi. I remember being at the 75th anniversary  celebration of Social Security, and people were talking about the  discrediting going on before Social Security was enacted into law.  There were those who demonized it before it became law. There were  those who have fought it ever since. They don't want that right for  working families.   I would suggest that Social Security, Medicare, and the Affordable  Care Act are rock solid elements of a foundation upon which to grow  quality of life and longevity. It is a basic fundamental additive that,  when brought to our working families across this country, we are  providing a service and we are addressing them with dignity. That is  what this is about.   The demonization of the Affordable Care Act is interesting. Because  if you look at polling, you will find that people say that ObamaCare is  destroying the Nation. Well, what about the Affordable Care Act? That  is working. My friends, it is the same issue, it is the same concept,  and it is the same program.   So what we have tried to do is discredit a program that took on a  major challenge, took on major industries, and needed to provide a  balance and an actuarial outcome that is providing a go-forward and  accomplish what you have enacted as a mission. The actuarial science  has got to be precise.   So for those who want to repeal, they are talking about, in cases,  pulling a brick out of the foundation and having it get wobbly, and it  is going to crash the marketplace. We are going to have all of these  people who have been enrolled or have been forever enrolled in health  care impacted by rising costs and disruptive outcomes that will put  them at risk.   So like the Social Security Program before the ACA, like Medicare  before the ACA, as you floated these boats, as you went forward with  time, you learned where you needed to tweak, and you adjusted, by  amendment format, to make the program stronger. That is what we have  been asking for in a partnership here in the House and with the Senate.  Let's work on those areas that may need improvement, but do not repeal  because repeal without replacement is a disaster. It is a disaster  waiting to happen.   We have provided hope for working families across this country. We  have had the testimony presented to us, anecdotal evidence, that this  is working, that for the first time families have enjoyed a connection  to a system, a standardized approach. What was the program?   People say: Well, I don't want to pay for someone else's health care.  You have been paying for it before the ACA. It was called the emergency  room. It wasn't standardized because whoever you got at that emergency  room in whatever location, as you traveled looking for assistance,  didn't provide a steady flow. It was a wasteful outcome for taxpayers  and an insufficient outcome, a cruel outcome for those consumers who  were impacted by being underinsured or uninsured.   So let's set the record straight. We have had a program up and  running for 8 years now. The Republicans have chastised this program  saying it needs to be repealed. We have taken over 65 votes, or 65  votes, I believe, to repeal, but there has never been a replacement  plan. So what kind of gimmick is this to pull away a program that is  working for tens of millions of families added to the rolls but not  replace? That is disaster waiting to happen.   So we challenge our colleagues here in the House and in the Senate  down the hall to be academic about this, to be compassionate about it,  to be passionate in our resolve, and to make a difference by putting  together the improvements that we require and not repealing.   Now, we look at the Affordable Care Act and what it means to our  health care. But if you repeal, you will wreak damage on the budget.  You will destroy our economy. You will have a huge workforce  displacement, and you will slash care for America's working families.  Is this the outcome that we want?   Remember, we were the last industrialized nation to come to the table  and provide guaranteed health care for our families. That is not  something of which we are proud. That was destructive. That was  insensitive. It was not effective. It was a waste of tax dollars the  way we did it.   So now we go forward with a program that allows us to now take a look  at the history, albeit brief, on the Affordable Care Act, but  understanding where we need to fine tune. We do that, and the challenge  is there for all of us: take the cost out of the system for a stronger  future and provide at least the same level of quality, if not enhanced  quality, as we go forward. That should unite us in a common cause,  cutting the cost of the program and enhancing the quality of services  provided. What a great mission for all of us to embark upon.   So let's not play politics with the health care for tens of millions  of people who are new to the system and for all of us who have been  covered routinely by the system. We can do better than that.    Let the lessons of Social Security and Medicare, which, as my  colleagues indicated earlier, address the American public with dignity,  improvement, enhancement, and hope, the best commodity we can deliver  as a government to her people.   So I thank Representative Garamendi for the opportunity for us to  speak to these issues. Frankness is required right now. The lack of  theater would be an improvement. No theater on this. Let's settle for  facts, not fiction, and working together to bring about what is a sound  resolve that allows us to provide stability and success for the  American public. That, I don't think, is too much to ask.   So I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Garamendi) for bringing  us together.    Thank you, Representative Garamendi.   As you talk about public sentiment about Social Security, the  Affordable Care Act, and hearing the evidence you have provided from  your constituent within your district, it becomes very apparent where  the American public is.   When polled recently, only 20 percent of the American public is in  support of efforts to repeal without replacement--20 percent. So the  great, great majority understands what is going on here.   We have also seen during the recent campaign season, which probably  went a year and a half to 2 years long, a lot of talk about repealing  the Affordable Care Act, undoing the act. That happened in the same  timeframe as 11.5 million people were added to the rolls for 2017. So  there is an appeal here that is drawing the American public toward the  coverage provided by ACA. So the sentiment here is to get things done  and provide, again, the stability.   I am also a cosponsor of legislation entitled Strengthening Social  Security Act that would improve how we calculate the benefits for  Social Security. We are not advancing reducing those benefits or  raising the retirement age to 69 or whatever level; we are talking  about enhancing benefits. When you talk to seniors, they will say we  either have got nothing or we got just a bit of an increase that was  taken away with the other hand for some other purpose.   So, yes, we need to revisit just how we give that green light to a  COLA adjustment, and we need to calculate that approval with items that  are truly essential for the senior citizens, not big screen televisions  or certain items that are adding to a luxurious note, but one that  speaks to their basic core needs to live day to day. So the  Strengthening Social Security Act does just that. It takes into account  all of the essentials in that calculus that will determine whether or  not a COLA adjustment is given that given year. So that is important.   I also believe it is time for us to look at that cap that we have  created, that we have placed on contributions to Social Security. You  know, some people by February 12 or 14, whatever date it is, are done  paying. They are done contributing by that point in the year. Well, the  standards of $118,000, or $127,000 coming this year, are just capturing  most of those revenues. The hardship is placed on the working, middle- income community, those looking to ascend the middle class. There could  be a far greater contribution from other income strata that we ought to  look at to provide stability.   A point needs to be made that Medicare, Medicaid, and the Affordable  Care Act are all intertwined. There were strengtheners that were  provided for these programs. There was a partnership of revenue stream  that was calculated and assumed that again provides for the quality of  response to the consuming public, and especially those in senior years.   I have a large percentage of senior citizens in the makeup of my  constituency. It is important to recognize that many who are on  Medicare end up getting Medicaid assistance because of situations that  are called upon where they are perhaps placed in nursing homes, adult  homes, or the like. So we have to be cognizant here of the public  sentiment, where is their thinking, and we know exactly what they want.  They want stability for these programs. They want strengthening of the  programs. They want to make certain that all of these efforts that have  lasted for decades, or were introduced as late as 2010, will continue  so they have a future that is that more secure, that more certain.   So tonight we talk and implore our colleagues to please help improve  the Affordable Care Act. Let's not repeal, and certainly do not repeal  without a replacement plan. That is a disaster that will really cause  havoc in the marketplace. It is one that doesn't prove to be  actuarially sound. Also, let's make certain that we don't have these  efforts again to voucherize Medicare, to privatize Social Security.  These are programs that have provided stability.  [[Page H295]]    When I came into the House in 2009, it was at the lowest point of the  recession which President Obama was handed upon his entering into the  Presidency. There were 700,000, 800,000, 900,000 jobs lost a month in  the deepest, darkest moment of the recession. What did we see? We saw  individuals who took their lifetime's worth of savings and entrusted  them to a marketplace, and they lost everything for which they had ever  worked, and others realized they didn't lose a single cent of Social  Security. Therein lies a tremendous bit of testimony as to the  meritorious achievements of a Social Security system, one that provided  that safety net for all families, one that made certain there was some  sort of continuous flow, a backup, a reinforcement, as you went into  retirement years.    We are reminded of Medicare and what the results were for retirees,  how long they were expected to live and what their quality of life was  like. It was tremendously, favorably turned around with the benefits of  Medicare.   So with an impassioned plea, I encourage this House, the Senate, to  do the right thing: stand for the American public and allow them to be  addressed with dignity with these programs that have proven themselves.  And where there is a need to further assist, as there has been time and  time and time again with Social Security, as there has been time and  time again with Medicare, let's provide that same approach to the  Affordable Care Act.   I thank the gentleman from California for bringing us together and  being able to share our thoughts and advocacy to do the right thing.    Representative Garamendi, if I just might, I am listening  to Representative Kaptur talk of the interaction she had with her  constituents, and I would just add my similar experience.   Some of the most cherished efforts of the Affordable Care Act are  about preexisting conditions. Being a woman, being a pregnant woman, or  being a woman or a man fighting cancer made it very difficult for  people to get that insurance, and lifetime caps. You know, people being  rolled into surgery, wheeled into surgery, and being told that they  were discontinuing their plan.   So these are elements of the Affordable Care Act that could be at  risk if we start playing around with the actuarial balance that has  been achieved. And preexisting conditions, they rang right up there as  one of the biggest concerns people have about repeal.    Just a quick comment. We have talked about much here this  evening. I joined you a bit after you started. I don't know if you  mentioned the hospital situation.    But representing a number of hospitals, from stand-alone  clinics to some very specific specialty type of health centers, they  are all concerned about the impact of repeal. And certainly, being a  major employer, if not the major employer in some of my counties, as  you reduce that care, you are reducing the workforce. So now we are  creating another impact, and it is why the ripple effect of repeal is  so strong and devastating, and will raise our deficit.   