 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, as you know, the National Defense  Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018 tasks the Missile Defense Agency  with developing a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer.   There is no doubt that a space-based missile defense, if it is  technologically feasible and economically justifiable, would make an  important contribution to our national security. So would the Star Trek  transporter or the warp drive, but as a scientist and, in fact, the  only Ph.D. scientist in the U.S. Congress, I think that we need to do  our homework before investing hundreds of billions of dollars into  attempting to develop this system. As such, my amendment would prohibit  the use of funds to attempt to develop a space-based missile intercept  layer.   It has been more than 30 years since President Reagan called for  defending the United States against a first strike by developing a  strategic defense system, commonly known as Star Wars.   The idea of a space-based version of this has gone in and out of  fashion for the last 30 years, but every time this space-based concept  has been looked at by technologically competent outside experts, it was  deemed to be unworkable, impossibly expensive, vulnerable to  countermeasures, easy for an opponent to destroy, easy to overwhelm  with a small number of enemy missiles, or all of the above. This  approach was judged technologically unworkable in  [[Page H6503]]  1983, and the status quo has not changed.   In order to reach a ballistic missile during the first few minutes of  flight, a large number of interceptors must be stationed in low- altitude orbit. A report conducted by the American Physical Society in  2003 concluded that in order to ensure full coverage, a fleet of 1,000  or more orbiting satellites would be required to intercept just a  single missile.   To put that in perspective, the United States currently has slightly  more than 600 satellites in Earth orbit, which includes commercial,  scientific, and military satellites. Moreover, the amount of launch  that is required to put this material into orbit in a reasonable amount  of time would greatly exceed the current U.S. launch capability.   The National Academies of Sciences estimated that it would cost at  least $300 billion--in 2003 dollars--for just such a limited  capability. And just last year, in his testimony to the House Armed  Services Committee, the former Director of the Missile Defense  Authority, Admiral Syring, concluded the same thing.   Setting aside the high cost, a space-based missile defense system has  inherent vulnerabilities that greatly limit its effectiveness. Even  with thousands of interceptors deployed, only a few would be within  range to target an incoming missile, and those could be easily  overwhelmed by the launch of several missiles from one location. And  because interceptors must be stationed in low-altitude orbit, they are  easily detected, tracked, and destroyed.   Finally, there is a more fundamental question that we must ask  ourselves. And that is: Is it wise to deploy weapons in space,  especially when the required technology is becoming widely available  around the world?   Deploying such a system would strain strategic relationships around  the globe and almost certainly trigger a space arms race.   There is no doubt that ensuring our Nation's defense and national  security are of paramount priority, but spending hundreds of billions  of dollars on a system which will not work, without having serious  debate and at least some concept for how this might be remotely  practical or affordable, is indefensible.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' on my  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, can I inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that Ronald  Reagan never illuminated the possibility of this to the American  public, because the possibility never existed.   What we have today is not a missile defense system. It has failed in  the great majority of tests. It has been tested against a very small  fraction of the countermeasures that are elementary to deploy against  it.   I hope that no one involved in the missile defense system is telling  President Trump that we have an effective antimissile system today,  because if he gambles counting on any defense from that system, he is  putting our country at risk.   Mr. Chairman, I yield the remaining amount of my time to the ranking  member.   