 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now is the time to get back to basics. The  Federal Government doesn't exist for its own sake, it exists for the  people, and if Federal regulation serves no useful function for the  people, then it only serves to hold back our Nation's prosperity and  growth.   With so many Americans hungry for good-paying jobs, now is the time  to unleash our Nation's economic potential by getting government out of  the way. It is just plain common sense to eliminate regulations that  are duplicative, costly, and unworkable. We need to get back to the  basics by getting rid of those kinds of regulations, and one of those  regulations is the BLM methane rule.   Now, the BLM methane rule is one of those midnight regulations that  the Obama administration put out as they were walking out the door.  This new regulation from the Bureau of Land Management--or BLM--imposes  new rules and royalty rates on methane emissions from oil and gas  production on Federal and Indian lands.   For those wondering why methane emissions aren't already regulated,  there is a simple explanation: They are. Under the Clean Air Act, the  Environmental Protection Agency, in partnership with individual States,  is tasked with regulating air quality, which includes methane  emissions. In fact, States like my State of North Dakota and the State  of Texas, where the Presiding Officer resides, currently have  regulatory systems in place to govern oil and gas emissions.  Critically, the North Dakota Industrial Commission has put in place  flaring requirements that have successfully reduced the flaring in our  State from 35 percent down to 10 percent as a result of their work, and  they have a goal to take it even further. This flaring reduction is a  big deal because to reduce methane emissions you need to reduce  flaring.   Flaring sounds complicated, but it is very simple. When excess gas is  produced along with oil and it can't be captured, then it gets burned  off, or flared. Neither industry nor State officials like flaring  because it wastes natural gas--it wastes a natural resource--of which  methane obviously is the main component. As most Americans know,  obviously, natural gas is a valuable commodity that is used to heat our  homes and power our factories. That is why both industry and the States  have worked hard to make big improvements. They want to capture that  natural gas and that methane. That is not just in North Dakota. That is  in other energy-producing States across the country.   Nationally, methane emissions from the oil and gas industry have been  on the decline for a number of years. So we are already actively  working at the State level under a regulatory regime where States have  primacy to spend, authorized by EPA, to reduce natural gas flaring.   With methane emissions already being regulated and reduced by the  States and industry, it is tough to figure out why this new BLM  regulation has been passed and what it is accomplishing. This rule has  been calculated to cost up to $279 million each year. So the cost of  this rule is $279 million a year--a duplicative rule. That is in  addition to the redtape. BLM estimates that the rule will impose an  additional 82,000 hours of paperwork.   These numbers just might sound like the cost of doing business, if  you will, but America's job creators know it is really costing us  business, it is costing us economic growth, and it is costing us jobs.  These aren't really numbers. There are livelihoods at stake.   What makes the BLM methane rule particularly burdensome is the fact  that it is simply unworkable. The rule sets a maximum volume that each  well can flare, which will lead to curtailment and shut-in wells,  meaning actually having to shut down the wells. Of course, that  decreases oil production and reduces royalty payments. So that means  less energy, the owners get less revenue, and we have less jobs.  Meanwhile, this rule treats all drilling spacing units the same,  regardless of whether they have minimal Federal ownership. Remember, a  lot of these wells they are trying to regulate are on minerals owned by  the Federal Government, but they may also be on minerals owned by  private individuals. So, once again, we have one of these Federal one- size-fits-all regulations that just does not work in practice.  [[Page S2842]]    That is why regulating the natural gas and methane emissions has been  delegated to the States by EPA and why it should be up to the States.   So the States are fighting back. Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota  filed a legal challenge to the rule in the U.S. district court in  Wyoming.   The good news is that the States and our economy will not have to  wait until this lawsuit makes its way through the court system. We can  provide regulatory relief right now, and we should do so through the  Congressional Review Act--the CRA--which provides Congress with a tool  to rid the Nation of burdensome, duplicative regulations like this one,  and that is what our schedule is for tomorrow--to take up this CRA.   I am a cosponsor of this CRA, and we need to pass it. I wish to thank  the chairman of the EPW Committee, Senator Barrasso, for his work on  this issue, and others. The House has already passed this CRA. This has  already been passed by the House. The President has expressed his  support for it. We need to pass it tomorrow. We need to get this done.   Every week I meet with North Dakotans and others who are working so  hard to produce energy for this country, to create jobs and a better  future for their families. They need and deserve a Federal Government  that will not stand in their way. This is a basic but fundamental  objective and a good place to reduce that regulatory burden to get our  economy going. The way to create more economic growth, more jobs, and  higher income levels is by reducing the regulatory burden, and this is  a great example.   Again, it is just about common sense. It is about empowering the  States to take a States-first approach, a State's primacy approach in  terms of this kind of regulation. How we produce energy in Texas or  North Dakota or Ohio or Pennsylvania or Washington State--it is  different across the country. We can't have a Federal one-size-fits-all  rule. That is why it needs to be left up to the States.   We have a chance tomorrow to pass this measure, and it is exactly the  kind of measure that will help reduce that regulatory burden, help us  grow our economy, and help us create good jobs.   I urge my colleagues to join with us and pass this CRA.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   