 Mr. President, I don't wish to take much of the Senate's  time, but I want to emphasize and echo the comments made by the Senator  from Tennessee. He and his ranking member, Patty Murray of Washington,  have done a magnificent job. What I want to emphasize is not  necessarily the content of the bill, which he has outlined expertly,  but the process by which this bill has come to the U.S. Senate. To me,  it is an example of how this place can and should work.   There were a series of essentially four all-day hearings. There were  workshops to which all Senators were invited, and I think at least half  of the Senate attended several of those workshops. We had a bipartisan  witness list. We had Governors. We had insurance commissioners. We had  experts on the health services industry from around the country. The  result was a piece of negotiated, compromised but thoroughly worked  through, and important legislation that can do exactly what the Senator  from Tennessee outlined: Lower premiums, end the chaos in the  individual market, save the Federal Government money over the period of  the next 10 or 20 years, and really make a difference for the people of  Maine.   I particularly want to compliment and express my appreciation to  Senator Alexander and Senator Rounds for the work they have done to  bring the issue to this point. I deeply hope, as the Senator from  Tennessee, Mr. Alexander, just said, that when the President returns  from his trip, he will see this bipartisan agreement--or in my case, a  nonpartisan agreement--that has come forward to solve some serious  problems. It doesn't solve all the problems, but it is a step forward.  It also is exactly what the American people want us to do--to talk to  each other, listen to each other, gather the data and the information,  and come up with legislative proposals that make common sense and will  make a better place, a better healthcare system, and serve our citizens  and our people across the country in a better way than the current  arrangement.   Again, I want to compliment my colleague from Tennessee and also my  colleague from South Dakota, Senator Rounds, for the work they have  done on this. We are at a place where we can really do something good,  not only substantively but also by showing the Nation how this body can  and should work.   I yield the floor.   