 Madam Speaker, I will vote No on Roll  Call No. 65, on H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and  Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2017.   Today, just two days after the 44th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade  Supreme Court ruling that protects the rights of women to control their  own bodies, House Republicans have once again taken up a vote attacking  the constitutionally-protected reproductive rights of women all across  the nation.   As if this past weekend's Women's March on Washington (which was far  more attended than President Trump's own inauguration) didn't signal  anything to our elected leaders, President Trump took the GOP's war on  women's rights and health a step further by signing an executive order  reinstating the `global gag rule' and blocking foreign aid for  international non-governmental organizations that provide basic  reproductive health services globally. This decision not only increases  abortion rates, it will cause more maternal complications, injuries,  and unintended pregnancies and provide less information on HIV/AIDS  prevention and treatment programs worldwide.   Republicans continue their shameful, radical assault on women's  reproductive health with today's vote on H.R. 7, a discriminatory bill  that among other things would prohibit the use of federal funds to pay  for any abortion services. Despite the fact that current law already  requires that federal funds not be spent on abortions, this bill would  prohibit individuals and small businesses from claiming tax credits for  any private insurance plans obtained through the ACA Marketplace that  include abortion coverage. Families buying their insurance in the  Marketplace would also be ineligible to receive a premium tax credits  if they enrolled in a health plan that covers abortion, likely  resulting in no abortion coverage policies being offered in the  Marketplaces. Furthermore, it undermines the District of Columbia's  home rule, which allows D.C. to use its own Medicaid funds to offer  abortion services. This is despite the fact that 17 states, including  California, are currently allowed to do so.   Women should be able to make their own decisions about reproductive  health care with dignity and respect, without the interference of  politicians or their employers. We should not be in the business of  telling women what they can and cannot do with their own bodies.  Today's vote is just another step forward in the  [[Page H645]]  Republican party's plan to Make America Sick Again and take away the  comprehensive care women deserve.   