 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of Judge  Neil Gorsuch to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court.   It is important to reflect for a moment on how we have reached this  moment. It has been more than a year since the untimely passing of  Justice Antonin Scalia in February of 2016. Under article II, section 2  of the U.S. Constitution, President Barack Obama had a duty to make a  nomination to fill that vacant seat. He met that obligation by  nominating Chief Judge Merrick Garland in March of 2016.   Yet the leader of the Senate Republicans, Majority Leader McConnell,  announced that, for the first time in the 230-year history of the  Senate, he would refuse the President's nominee, Judge Garland, a  hearing and a vote. Senator McConnell further said that he would refuse  to even meet with Judge Garland. It was a transparent political  decision made by the Republican leader in the hopes that a Republican  would be elected President and fill the vacancy. It was part of a  broader Republican political strategy to influence, if not capture, the  judicial branch of government on every level of the court system.   Not only did the Senate Republicans keep a Supreme Court seat vacant  for over a year, they turned the Senate's Executive Calendar into a  nomination obituary column for 30 other judicial nominees who had been  reported out of the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support. They  were hoping a Republican President would fill all of those seats, and  they were prepared to leave them vacant for a year or more to achieve  that end.   What kind of nominees were they hoping for? Nominees who had been  blessed by special interests, by big business, and by Republican  advocacy organizations.   It was last year that then-Candidate Donald Trump released a list of  21 potential Supreme Court candidates who were handpicked by two  Republican advocacy groups--the Federalist Society and the Heritage  Foundation. I am not speculating on the fact that they were chosen by  those two groups, as President Trump publicly thanked the groups for  giving him a list of names with which to fill the vacancies on the  Supreme Court. It was unprecedented for anyone, including a candidate  for President, to outsource the judicial selection process to special  interest  [[Page S2024]]  groups, but President Trump did it. True to his word to these special  interest groups, he nominated one of the names on the list--Judge Neil  Gorsuch.   The first telephone call Judge Gorsuch received about his nomination  was not from the White House; it was from the Federalist Society, which  was one of these Republican advocacy groups. Eventually, Judge Gorsuch  made it to the interview stage with President Trump's inner circle. He  met with Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus, and President Trump himself.  Those men each took the measure of Judge Gorsuch and gave him their  approval to serve for a lifetime appointment on the highest Court in  the land. President Trump, who had announced numerous litmus tests for  judicial nominations, appeared very satisfied with Neil Gorsuch as his  nominee.   The President's Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus, even said: ``Neil  Gorsuch . . . represents the type of judge that has the vision of  Donald Trump.''   There was certainly no political subtlety in that evaluation.   After Judge Gorsuch's nomination was announced, a dark money machine  shifted into gear. A national campaign, which cost at least $10  million, was launched to support the Gorsuch nomination. Because it is  dark money, there is no disclosure about who is bankrolling this  effort, but it is a safe bet that the suppliers of dark money have at  least a passing interest in cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.   Despite this unprecedented and unsettling process that led to Judge  Gorsuch's nomination, the Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee  gave Judge Gorsuch a courtesy that Republicans denied to Judge  Garland--a hearing and a vote. Why? Because Senate Democrats take the  Constitution seriously. We do not turn our backs on the constitutional  responsibility of advice and consent, even though that is exactly what  our Republican colleagues did when it came to Merrick Garland.   Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee met for 4 days to consider  the Gorsuch nomination. In leading up to the hearing, I made it clear  on the Senate floor that I thought that Judge Gorsuch had a burden to  bear at that hearing.   On February 2, I said here on the floor that Judge Gorsuch needed to  demonstrate that he would be a nominee who would uphold and defend the  Constitution for the benefit of everyone, not just for the advantage of  a privileged few who happened to engineer his nomination.   I also said that Judge Gorsuch needed to be forthright with the  American people about his record and his views. I made it clear that  avoiding answers to critical questions was unacceptable.   I said that he needed to demonstrate that he would be an independent  check on President Trump and every President and that he was prepared  to disappoint the President and the rightwing groups that handpicked  him if the Constitution and the law required it.   Judge Gorsuch was given a full and fair hearing. He was given every  opportunity to explain his judicial record and his views and to meet  the expectations I laid out for him. I came away from this hearing  firmly convinced that I must oppose the nomination of Neil Gorsuch.   Here are the reasons:   Judge Gorsuch favors corporations and elites over the rights and  voices of Americans, often using selective textualism to advance his  agenda. Judge Gorsuch's hearing reinforced my fear that he would lean  toward corporations and special interest elites at the expense of  American workers and families.   Big business and special interests have found a friend under the  Roberts Supreme Court. I noted at the hearing a study by the  Constitutional Accountability Center that found that under Chief  Justice John Roberts the Supreme Court has ruled for positions that  have been advocated by the Chamber of Commerce 69 percent of the time.   I am concerned, based on a review of his record, that Judge Gorsuch  is likely to increase the pro-business leanings of the Roberts Court.  In a series of decisions--and I have read many of them--involving  workers' rights, discrimination claims, consumer rights, and access to  the courts, Judge Gorsuch has, time and again, favored corporations. He  has often substituted his own judgment for those of the agencies that  are tasked with protecting the workers.   No case was more egregious than the TransAm Trucking case, which was  brought up repeatedly at the hearing. The facts are pretty well known  by now. In January, Alphonse Maddin, a truck driver from Detroit, was  stuck on the side of Interstate 88 in my home State of Illinois, and it  was 14 degrees below zero outside. The brakes on his trailer were  frozen. After waiting for a repair truck for several hours without his  having any heat in the cab of his truck, Alphonse Maddin's body was  starting to go numb. He called the trucking company one more time. They  said: You have two options--stay in that truck or drag that frozen  trailer down the interstate highway.   Both of those options were a risk to health and safety and common  sense. So, instead, Al Maddin unhitched the broken-down trailer and  drove to a gas station to fuel up and get warm and then returned to the  disabled trailer. For this, the company fired him, and that firing  blackballed him from ever working as a truck driver again.   Al Maddin came by my office and explained what he did. He had heard  that there was some Federal agency that might consider what he had  considered to be an unfair firing, so he went down to the agency and  took out a ballpoint pen and filled out the complaint in longhand  without the advice of counsel or any help. He was shocked when he won.   The case went further on appeal. Seven different judges heard Al  Maddin's case. Six of them agreed that what had happened to him was  unfair and unlawful. The only judge who found for the trucking company  was Neil Gorsuch.   Judge Gorsuch's dissent claimed that he was merely looking at the  plain text of the law and the dictionary's definition and that was why  Al Maddin had been fired. But the Tenth Circuit majority said that Neil  Gorsuch was cherry-picking one dictionary's definition to come to his  conclusion. Other dictionaries and the law's purpose of protecting  health and safety had been ignored by Judge Gorsuch.   Republican nominees like Judge Gorsuch often claim they are using the  supposedly neutral philosophies of originalism and textualism to guide  their decision making, but Al Maddin's case shows how Judge Gorsuch  used a selective choice of text to advance a pro-business agenda at the  expense of this American worker.   There are many other cases in Judge Gorsuch's record that demonstrate  this trend, leading the Associated Press to say that Gorsuch's workers'  rights opinions are ``often sympathetic but coldly pragmatic, and  they're usually in the employer's favor.''   Take a look at the Hobby Lobby case. In that case, Judge Gorsuch  expanded the idea that a corporation--a business--is a person. Why? He  wanted to permit a for-profit corporation to impose its owners'  personal religious beliefs on more than 13,000 employees who worked at  that corporation and to limit their access to healthcare under  insurance policies.   In finding for the corporation, Judge Gorsuch barely acknowledged  that this decision burdened these thousands of employees and their  personally constitutionally protected religious beliefs and choices.   Judge Gorsuch also has a troubling record when it comes to protecting  the rights of Americans with disabilities and those who are victims of  discrimination. It was quite a scene when, last week, in the midst of  our hearing on Judge Gorsuch, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous  ruling that rejected a standard that had been created by Judge Gorsuch.  I am sure that has never happened in history. This standard, which  Judge Gorsuch had promoted for a case in which he wrote the majority  opinion, weakened protections for students with disabilities under the  Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.   In 2008, Judge Gorsuch wrote in the Luke P. case that, under the  IDEA, schools need only to provide educational benefits to students  with disabilities that are merely more than de minimis.   At issue was the legal responsibility of a school district to provide  educational opportunities for a child with  [[Page S2025]]  disabilities. In this case, Luke was a boy from Colorado who had  suffered from severe autism. With the assistance and support of his  teachers, Luke had made significant progress in school--in kindergarten  and first grade. Then, when his family moved to a new home, he had to  change school districts. At his new school, Luke began to lose the  skills he had gained. His behavior was worse.   After unsuccessful attempts to address these concerns, Luke's parents  decided that they ``could not in good conscience continue to expose  their son, Luke, to this environment that was so detrimental to his  educational and behavioral development.'' They decided to enroll Luke  in a residential school that was dedicated to the education of children  with his type of autism spectrum disorder.   A due process hearing officer, a Colorado State administrative law  judge, and a Federal district court all found that the school district  had failed to provide the education that was guaranteed to Luke under  the Federal law of IDEA and that it was, therefore, required to  reimburse the cost of the private residential school placement that  Luke needed.   His parents were desperate to give Luke a chance in life, but then  Judge Gorsuch ruled against them. In so doing, he created a new, lower  standard for school districts in the process.   I asked Judge Gorsuch about this. He claimed he was just following  the law and precedent, but as I pointed out at the hearing, that was  not accurate. A legal analysis showed that Judge Gorsuch was the first  judge in that circuit to add the word ``merely'' to the standard.   Luke P.'s father, Jeff, testified at the hearing and said that Judge  Gorsuch's ``subtle wordcraft'' had the effect of ``further restricting  an already restricted precedent with, unfortunately, my son in the  bull's-eye of that decision.''   What did Chief Justice John Roberts of the U.S. Supreme Court say of  the Gorsuch standard? Here is what he said: ``When all is said and  done, a student offered an educational program providing `merely more  than de minimis' progress [Gorsuch's words] from year to year can  hardly be said to have been offered an education at all.''   The Supreme Court sent a strong message when they released this  opinion in the midst of Judge Gorsuch's hearing. The Court unanimously  said that the Judge Gorsuch standard was inconsistent with the law. On  this issue, Judge Gorsuch, the nominee, is somewhere to the right even  of Justice Clarence Thomas. This case is not an outlier. In fact, an  analysis of his disability decisions shows that Judge Gorsuch has ruled  against disabled students in 8 out of 10 IDEA cases.   There was also a consistent pattern of Judge Gorsuch's record on  discrimination and retaliation involving employers. Bloomberg BNA  analyzed this record and found that he ruled for employers 8 out of 12  times.   For example, he ruled against a sex discrimination claim brought by a  UPS saleswoman; a disability discrimination claim that was brought by a  college professor; an age discrimination claim that was brought by two  maintenance workers; a race discrimination claim that was brought by an  African-American grocery store employee who was called a ``monkey'' by  his supervisor; a gender and disability discrimination claim that was  brought by a female county accountant with multiple sclerosis; and a  discrimination claim that was brought by a transgender woman who sought  to use the restroom of her gender identity.   The case of Grace Hwang was particularly troubling to me. Ms. Hwang  had been a college professor for 15 years. Then she was diagnosed with  cancer. She needed a bone marrow transplant, so they gave her 6 months  of sick leave. As it was about to expire, they told her to return to  the classroom. Just at this same time, a flu epidemic was sweeping  across the campus. Ms. Hwang asked to extend her leave and work from  home so she wouldn't get infected. She felt especially vulnerable,  having just had a bone marrow transplant.    The university denied her request and terminated her employment  because she asked to be protected from this flu epidemic. Judge Gorsuch  authored an opinion upholding the dismissal of Ms. Hwang's disability  discrimination complaint.   Judge Gorsuch would not let a jury consider the reasonableness of her  request. Instead, he wrote that six months' leave was ``more than  sufficient'' and wrote that the purpose of disability law is ``not to  turn employers into safety net providers for those who cannot work.''   Grace Hwang's children said that Judge Gorsuch's opinion ``removed  the human element from the equation. It did not bring justice.''   Also, during the hearing, Judge Gorsuch refused to distance himself  from the extreme and bigoted views of one of his college professors and  his dissertation supervisor, Professor John Finnis, a man whom he has  publicly praised.   Overall, Judge Gorsuch's record raised serious concerns about what  his confirmation would mean for the vulnerable and the victimized.   We also came to learn that Judge Gorsuch was an aggressive defender  of Executive power when he worked at the Justice Department during the  Bush administration. In June 2004, after the terrible Abu Ghraib  torture scandal, I offered the first legislation to ban cruel and  inhuman treatment of detainees. This legislation ultimately became the  McCain torture amendment, which, despite a veto threat by President  Bush, passed this Senate in 2005 by an overwhelming 90-to-9 vote.   But Judge Gorsuch advocated that the President should issue a  statement claiming that the McCain amendment was ``essentially  codifying'' torture techniques like waterboarding. This is despite  overwhelming evidence from Senator McCain and others in Congress that  this amendment was intended to do the exact opposite by outlawing  cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment.   Judge Gorsuch testified that he was simply an attorney working for a  client, but Gorsuch's email correspondence revealed that he was viewed  as a ``true loyalist'' to the Republican administration. And this is a  client that the judge actively lobbied to serve, even though their  troubled record on torture was already a matter of public record.   These documents from Gorsuch's tenure at the Department of Justice,  which were not available during his earlier confirmation hearing for  the Tenth Circuit, provide a revealing look at his beliefs on Executive  power. They raise deeply troubling questions about what Judge Gorsuch  would do if he is called upon to stand up to this President or any  President who claims the power to ignore laws that protect fundamental  human rights.   For the majority of questions from Democratic Senators at his  hearing, Judge Gorsuch failed to meaningfully respond. He had a  standard set of evasions and nonanswers that he used whenever he was  asked about fundamental legal principles and landmark cases. It didn't  take long before this Senator, and many others, could finish his  sentences before he started.   In ducking these critical questions, Judge Gorsuch ended up saying  nothing to assuage my concerns about Reince Priebus's pronouncement  that Judge Gorsuch ``has the vision of Donald Trump.''   The Supreme Court must serve as an independent check on President  Trump, not a rubberstamp. But Judge Gorsuch wouldn't even comment on  the original meaning of the Constitution's emoluments clause,  apparently for fear of possibly implicating the President who nominated  him.   Judge Gorsuch might not be the first nominee to avoid answering  questions about his views, but he went further than others. As a  result, members of the committee can look only to his judicial record  and his work for the Justice Department to decide their vote for this  lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court.   His record on the bench and his record at the Justice Department make  it clear that Judge Gorsuch is not the right person to serve in the  highest Court in the land. We all want judges to follow the law and  apply the facts fairly, but it is naive to believe that this is some  kind of robotic exercise. Every judge brings some values to the court.  In close cases, those values can tip the meaning of the law or even the  facts before the court. One key purpose of these hearings is to provide  reassurance that the nominee's values are in  [[Page S2026]]  the American mainstream. I did not find this assurance in Judge  Gorsuch's testimony last week, and I certainly didn't find it in his  record. He received a fair hearing, but he did not earn my vote.   Because Republicans control the Senate, we can expect Judge Gorsuch  to be reported out of the Judiciary Committee next week and then to  receive a vote on the Senate floor. But no one should be surprised that  Judge Gorsuch will need to meet the threshold of 60 Senate votes in  order to be confirmed.   Majority Leader McConnell has made clear time and again that 60 votes  is the standard for matters of controversy in this Senate. I will cite  a few of the leader's more memorable quotes.   On December 2, 2007, Senator McConnell said: ``I think we can  stipulate once again for the umpteenth time that matters that have any  level of controversy about it in the Senate will require 60 votes.''   On October 28, 2009, Senator McConnell said: ``Well, it's fairly  routine around the Senate that controversial matters require 60  votes.''   Then again, on July 17, 2007, Senator McConnell said: ``Sixty votes  in the Senate? As common as gambling in Casablanca.''   Sixty votes is a threshold that Supreme Court nominees have met for  the past quarter century. If a Supreme Court nominee cannot garner 60  votes in the Senate, then the President should put forward a new  nominee.   We are at a unique moment in history. The President has already fired  an Attorney General and had his unconstitutional Executive actions  blocked by many Federal courts. The President, in the first few weeks,  has also launched unprecedented attacks on the integrity of the Federal  judiciary. And now the Federal Bureau of Investigation has confirmed it  is investigating Russian involvement in his election.   A new bombshell is revealed almost every day.   In this context, the Senate cannot simply rubberstamp a lifetime  Supreme Court appointment for the President. Neil Gorsuch is the man  Donald Trump urgently wants on the Supreme Court. That should give many  Americans pause. It certainly gives pause to me.   I cannot support the nomination of Neil Gorsuch. I will vote no when  his nomination comes before the Judiciary Committee next week, I will  vote no on cloture, and I will oppose his nomination on the Senate  floor.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   