 Mr. President, I come before this body a second day in a  row to talk about an event that the Senator from Connecticut has been  referring to that has shocked all of us. It has rattled us to the very  core and shocked the conscience of the entire Nation.   I didn't get a chance to hear everything he said about this today,  but I was encouraged to hear him make comments about fixing the  background check system, which I think failed us terribly here, and it  failed, of course, the 26 people who lost their lives and the 20 more  who were injured in this terrible shooting in Sutherland Springs, TX,  during a Sunday morning church service at First Baptist Church.   Of course, at times like these, we need to respect the right and the  need of people to mourn and to grieve their loss and to express our  solidarity with those families who were torn apart. One woman who has  lived in Sutherland Springs for nearly 70 years described the community  as a place where ``everybody knew everybody.'' She said that before  Sunday, most people didn't even keep their doors locked because the  town never experienced any significant crime. Well, now that has  changed.   Sutherland Springs has suffered at the hands of a man whom initial  reports have described as having a known history of violence, a man  whose victims included his own grandmother-in-law as well as the  visiting pastor of the church. No community finds it easy to deal with  unexpected heartbreaking  [[Page S7037]]  losses like this, but the fact that this crime involved so many tightly  knit friends and neighbors and occurred in a house of worship on a  Sunday morning and harmed so many innocent children makes the task much  harder.   As each new detail emerges from what is still an ongoing  investigation, we need to study the whole puzzle and ask ourselves how  this happened, why so many lives were lost, and what, if anything,  could have been done to prevent it. We know, for example, that the  gunman was court-martialed by the Air Force and convicted of  seriousness domestic abuse, fracturing the skull of his own son. Under  the relevant Federal law, the Gun Control Act of 1968, this should have  prohibited him from ever purchasing a gun in the first place, but we  know it didn't in this instance. This critically important information  from the suspect's criminal history was not uploaded into the relevant  background check databases even though a Federal law clearly requires  that it be done.   Finally and most troublingly, we know what happened next: Mr. Kelley  unlawfully purchased four firearms after passing Federal background  checks that did not turn up his Air Force convictions. Of course, the  shooter lied on his paperwork. He was asked about these convictions-- that is part of the background check system--but because there was no  record of it, he was able to lie his way into getting these firearms.  This is very clearly a problem, and the Air Force has now admitted that  Kelley's convictions should have barred him from ever purchasing or  possessing firearms. What appears to have happened is that the records  of the convictions were not uploaded into the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System. They are required to be uploaded by Federal  law already.   There are still some questions to sift through, but I plan to  introduce legislation--and I would be happy to work with my colleague  from Connecticut--to ensure that all Federal Departments and Agencies,  including the Department of Defense, upload the required conviction  records into the national database. This legislation will also  encourage, to the greatest extent possible under the Constitution,  State and local governments to do the same. We can make the Federal  Agencies do it. We can only request that the States do it, as the  Senator from Connecticut pointed out earlier, and their record of  compliance is lousy. It is lousy.   Justice Department records indicate that some Federal Agencies and  State governments are failing to comply with the Federal law. According  to the Department of Justice, the number of these records that are  actually uploaded is staggeringly low. That is unacceptable, and it  must change.   What is important to note, though, is that when the dust settles, the  appropriate answers won't necessarily be the easy ones. The fact  remains that under existing law, this atrocity should have been  prevented. This gunman should not have been allowed to purchase  firearms and should have been arrested when he tried to do so. We need  to better understand why our existing laws didn't work in this  instance, and that is what my proposed legislation will do. After  analyzing the problem, we will try to ensure that everyone is complying  with the law.   In 2015, I introduced legislation called the Mental Health and Safe  Communities Act that addressed a related issue: the failure of State  and local authorities to upload valuable mental health records into the  NICS background check database. I hope this demonstrates my willingness  to work together with anybody who is willing to meet these problems  head-on.   Right now, we need time and clarity. We need to know and continue to  study the facts. Then, as we have already started to do, we need to  consider all existing laws and regulations, both State and Federal, in  light of this new information.   Mr. President, I know we are coming up on a deadline. I ask unanimous  consent to speak for an additional 5 minutes.    Mr. President, as we wait for additional details, I want  to say a few more words about the strong community of Sutherland  Springs, one just 35 miles from my hometown of San Antonio, TX, where I  grew up.   First Baptist Church, where the shooting occurred, has served as a  mainstay in the town since 1926. It is the site of church services  every Sunday, weddings, social gatherings, and even some funerals. We  hope the First Baptist Church can bounce back from this tragedy, and I  am confident they can because faith, hope, and love can never be  extinguished no matter the depravity, the evil that tries.   We are not sure what will happen to the building or the congregation  itself, but no matter what, the unique spirit of this community will no  doubt endure. I am hopeful that the town of Sutherland Springs will  come back too. If people like Stephen Willeford are any indication, it  will. Stephen, of course, is the plumber who managed to hit the gunman  through a gap in his body armor. He was joined by Johnnie Langendorff.  In a truck, the two chased the gunman at high speeds for 11 miles into  neighboring Guadalupe County. What these two men displayed is that in  the worst circumstances, we won't let evil have its way. We won't let  sick individuals like this shooter escape the consequences of their  crimes. Strangers will come together and act quickly and courageously  to defend the communities they love and in which they live.   Today I join Governor Abbott, my colleagues--Senator Cruz and  Representative Henry Cuellar, in whose House district this occurred-- and so many other Texans in once again pledging my support to the  people of Sutherland Springs. I send my thoughts and prayers to those  who lost parents, children, friends, and relatives in this unbelievable  act of evil.   The biggest danger, though, is that we become numb and we just simply  move on to other matters. We can't let that happen. As Sherry Pomeroy,  the wife of the pastor at First Baptist, said yesterday, ``Please don't  forget Sutherland Springs.'' And when we hear people ask us to do  something about terrible tragedies like this, let's do what we can,  working together in a bipartisan way, to fix the holes in what is  already the law, which says that people like this shooter should never  have gotten their hands on a firearm in the first place. But either  through human error or some failure of the background check system, he  was able to do so. We need to fix that, and hopefully, in doing so, we  can bring some small sense of justice to the people who lost so much  last Sunday in Sutherland Springs, TX.   I yield back the remainder of my time.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).   