 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky.   This did pass our committee on a unanimous basis.   I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B.  Maloney) for her leadership and for her other areas of leadership on  our committee. As a very senior Democrat, her counsel is always  important; her leadership is always important.   This is indeed, as was described, Mr. Speaker, in many respects, a  technical correction that needed to take place. We need to ensure that  our family offices, that those investment funds can be put to their  highest and best use to help grow the economy.   I was happy that the ranking member used the phrase ``unintended  consequences'' because, indeed, Mr. Speaker, from time to time, there  are unintended consequences of regulation.   We do wish to ensure that these family offices that otherwise meet  the definition of accredited investors have the full range of  investment opportunities before them. This bill will do this.   Again, it came out on a strong bipartisan, indeed, a unanimous basis  from the Financial Services Committee, and so I would urge all Members  of the House to adopt it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3898, the Otto Warmbier  North Korea Nuclear Sanctions Act, which our committee, the Financial  Services Committee, passed on a unanimous basis.   I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Barr), who is leading this  debate today, for his leadership on our committee and for this bill. I  also thank his ranking member, Ms. Moore, the gentlewoman from  Wisconsin, for her work on this bipartisan bill as well.   I also think that it is a good and proper thing, Mr. Speaker, that  this bill is named after Otto Warmbier, a young life that was  tragically ended far too soon, who, in his untimely demise, has become  an international symbol of the crushing brutality of the North Korean  regime.   So it is with his memory that this bill is designed. And, simply put,  Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today represents the toughest set of  financial sanctions ever directed against the nuclear armed North  Korean regime, a regime that still represents a clear and present  danger to the global community.   The sanctions our committee is bringing to the House today target  foreign financial institutions that, in some way, are connected to  North Korea's economic activity--activity that ultimately allows this  rogue regime to both develop and proliferate weapons of mass  destruction.   Under H.R. 3898, those foreign financial institutions are going to be  confronted with a choice. As my colleague from Kentucky put it, they  can either do business that benefits North Korea or they can do  business with the United States, they cannot do both.   Given the far-reaching impact of the sanctions, our committee does  not take them lightly. They are reserved for the gravest threats to our  national security, and their application should be targeted at clear  and achievable goals. That is why H.R. 3898 cuts off virtually any path  that North Korea can take to generate hard currency, yet it holds out  the prospect of sanctions relief, if there are real and verifiable  limits to the regime's weapons program.   As punishing as these sanctions will be, there is a way out for North  Korea, if it chooses to take it, and that is to comply. Otherwise, the  Kim regime and its foreign enablers will learn that hostility towards  America carries enormous cost.    Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his  effort, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this vitally needed  legislation.   