 Madam President, today I want to talk to you about time  and how little of it we have to accomplish two incredibly important  legislative priorities, one that is national in scope and potentially  historic in impact. The first of those priorities is tax reform. We  have a target date on the calendar, and now the clock is ticking. We  have to get to work.   The budget resolution that we will consider this week sets November  13 as our deadline for the Finance Committee to report a bill, and of  course the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator  Hatch, is on the floor, and that is a commitment I know he takes very  seriously.   This bill, I hope, will broadly cut taxes on individuals and  businesses alike and put more money in the pockets of working families  across the country. What I like most about the plan I have seen so far  is that it is bold. We are not trimming a little here and a tiny bit  there. We are slashing rates, consolidating brackets, and eliminating  pet credits and deductions. This is not JV tax reform. This is tax  reform that is serious and based upon our commitment to get the economy  growing again.   Two weeks ago, the House approved its version of the resolution, and  the Senate Budget Committee reported out its version. Now the Senate  will consider the committee's resolution in the coming days. Why do we  need that budget resolution? How is this all going to work?   Well, these resolutions from each Chamber are the first step in  passing pro-growth tax reform. They authorize the use of a tool called  budget reconciliation. That means when the tax reform legislation is  considered, it can't be stopped by less than a majority of the Senate.  Of course, this isn't our first choice.   I wish our colleagues across the aisle, our Democratic friends, would  join us in bipartisan tax reform, but passing a budget resolution in  the Senate is a must because this is something we can hold in reserve  if our friends across the aisle simply refuse to participate in the  process of pro-growth tax reform. It is a key procedural step because  we have to fundamentally change the Tax Code before the end of the  year.   How well our economy does next year, how many jobs are created, and  how much investment occurs here in the United States will depend  largely upon our success in passing pro-growth tax reform this year.  The clock is ticking, and we have to act with dispatch and with  determination.  [[Page S6386]]    As the President said last week in Pennsylvania, ``we want lower  taxes, bigger paychecks, and more jobs for . . . American workers.'' He  is absolutely right. Lower taxes, bigger paychecks, and more jobs are  the things we all ought to want, and they are worth the fight.   Under this administration we are already seeing results. The economy  is bouncing back. Unemployment is at a 16-year low. Wages are rising  and the stock market is soaring. The slumbering giant, which is the  U.S. economy, is now slowly awakening. Our economy reached more than  3.1 percent growth last quarter. Confidence, as the President stressed  in Pennsylvania, is back when it comes to our economy and our future,  but that confidence will not last long if we let this opportunity pass.   We have to find ways to get companies to stay in America, to expand,  and to hire in America. We have to find ways to take the money out of  Washington's pocket and put it back into the pockets of those who  earned the money in the first place--American families.   We have to find ways to simplify the Tax Code, which, let's remember,  hits families multiple times each year by taking their earnings, by  stealing their time through compliance, and by trying their patience  with complexity. Each tax return feels like three.   I find it appalling that a majority of taxpayers are forced to pay  someone else to do their taxes for them because they simply don't have  the time or expertise to do it themselves.   The unified framework released a few weeks ago will help. It calls  for collapsing seven separate tax brackets down to three. That is what  I call simplification. It expands the zero bracket so that if you are a  married couple earning less than $24,000 a year, you will pay zero  income taxes. It enhances the child tax credit. It repeals the death  tax and special interest tax breaks, and it reduces the uncompetitive  corporate tax rate to 20 percent and cuts tax rates for small  businesses to the lowest level in more than 80 years. So let's make  this happen before time runs out.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from  Arizona (Mr. McCain), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the  Senator from Ohio (Mr. Portman).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from  Arizona (Mr. McCain), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the  Senator from Ohio (Mr. Portman).   