 Madam President, the matter that is before the Senate is  the motion I have offered. It simply is, in this tax bill, the  corporate rate is reduced from 35 percent down to 20 percent, and that  is permanent, but the modest, middle-class tax breaks are not  permanent, and in 7 or 8 years they cease to exist. They sunset. So, in  this tax bill, you want to give permanent, huge corporate cuts, from 35  down to 20. By the way, if the American corporation is doing business  overseas, it is basically a zero tax rate, which is an incentive to go  overseas, send jobs overseas. American jobs are lost while giving those  huge corporate breaks at the same time it is giving modest breaks to  the very people who need the tax cuts; that is, hard-working American  families, the middle class. Then, oh, by the way, in 7 or 8 years,  vamoose, it is gone, no tax break. It goes back up. It is a tax  increase. That is simply not fair.   So this little motion simply says go back to the Finance Committee  and correct this inequity. Go back to the Finance Committee, make the  middle-class tax cuts permanent, and then get the Finance Committee to  offset those with revenue from someplace. Do you know where that  someplace should be? It ought to be the huge corporate tax cuts. That  is where the revenue ought to be taken back from to give that revenue  or tax cuts to the middle class. It is a simple issue of fairness.   I am delighted to be joined by my colleague from Minnesota.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.    Madam President, we yield back all time as well.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back.   The question is on agreeing to the Nelson motion to commit.    Mr. President, this is, in effect, a massive transfer of  wealth under the guise of tax reform and under repeating the statement:  It will help the middle class. You can repeat a statement, but that  doesn't mean it is true. You have to look at what the facts are. I  think you have heard a number of the speeches that will refute this-- that it is not middle-class tax relief. It certainly isn't when a lot  of those so-called tax cuts for the middle class will evaporate; they  will cease to exist after 7 or 8 years.   Let's take another part of this tax bill, the child tax credit. We  are going to have a couple of amendments out of here on the floor  tonight. We are going to have one that is going to increase the tax  credit substantially, like $3,000 per child. When you compare that to  the current existing Republican bill, they have a tax credit that, in  fact, if you have more than three children, if you have a large family,  you are going to be penalized. That is what the facts are.   Let's see how the votes come later this evening on two amendments.  One is a Democratic amendment, and one is a Republican amendment. As to  the child tax credit, let's see what the majority of our friends who  are trying to ram this through in the dead of night do. Let's see what  happens, because, clearly, their tax bill does not do enough.   This Senator has long supported increasing the child tax credit,  including cosponsoring Senator Brown's amendment to increase the credit  and make it easier for those who are in a low-income situation to claim  that credit. I am going to continue to support increases for this tax  credit for the middle class, as long as it is done in a fiscally  responsible and thoughtful way. It doesn't make any difference who is  proposing it. Let's see how the votes come out here on these two  amendments.   Unfortunately, the bill that is before us does it backward because it  actually increases those who have a number of children. We should be  doing the opposite. I hope that we will find a way to drastically  change this bill. Instead of limiting the child tax credit, let's go in  and make the corporate income tax not at 20 percent but at 22 percent  or 25 percent in order to fund the child tax credit to help those on  the bottom line of the economic ladder.   We should be coming together in a bipartisan manner to flip the  priorities in this bill and to significantly increase the child tax  credit. Obviously, that is what the American people want, but that is  not the bill of goods that you are getting sold here tonight. By saying  something is something, that doesn't make it so. It is what the facts  are.   I yield the floor.   