 Mr. President, many people are asking the question: What  is the difference? I believe my good friend from Michigan is sincere in  her desire to see the middle class succeed under any tax reform  package, and I agree.   The fact of the matter is that we are not talking about Republicans  versus Democrats when it comes to tax reform. We are talking about the  American people. I wanted to make a list of those benefits that will go  directly to the middle class--to every single tax bracket we have.  Every bracket gets a tax cut.   The typical American family makes around $73,000 a year. They will  see their taxes come down about 60 percent. If you are a single head of  household--a single mom like mine--raising a couple of kids, making  around $41,000 a year, your taxes under the new tax reform plan comes  down about 75 percent.   We are actually going to help by nearly doubling the standard  deduction. If you are a single person, your current deduction is  $6,300. Under our plan, it goes to $12,000.   If you are a single head of household, it is $9,300 now. It goes to  $18,000 under our proposal.   If you are in a dual-income household, the current deduction is  around $12,000. We double it to $24,000.   We double the child tax credit to $2,000.   I will tell you that there is a lot being said on the floor, and much  of it is hard to follow. I like to keep things simple. If you are a  single head of household with $41,000, put simply, there is a 75- percent cut in your taxes. If you are the typical American family  earning around $73,000, the average tax cut is around 60 percent. We  are doubling your standard deduction. We are doubling the child tax  credit. There is a whole lot in this bill that benefits hard-working,  everyday Americans.   I am glad that my friends on the left are finally concerned about the  debt. This is a good thing. Under the last 8 years in the previous  administration, our debt climbed from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. So  it is good news that we will finally have an opportunity to address  that debt.   If we are going to address the debt, we are going to have to grow our  economy. Growing our economy requires us to do a couple of things. No.  1, we have to make sure that our Tax Code is competitive in a global  economy. Today, 35 percent is the highest in the industrialized world.  Our competition is around 23 percent. We have to be in a competitive  position so we grow our economy here at home. We do that with a 20- percent rate.   If we want to make sure that the economy of the future is built here  at home, we also have to be able to bring home overseas profits, also  known as repatriating those dollars--$2.5 trillion--and build factories  and build opportunities with that $2.5 trillion here at home, creating  hundreds of thousands of new jobs.   Our tax reform package focuses specifically where America lives.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alaska.    Mr. President, I had the privilege of sitting on the floor  and listening to this debate on tax reform. Our friends to the left and  center have done a really good job of painting a picture of  fantasyland, a land that does not exist in America.   Frankly, when I think of fantasyland, I think about the fact that  sugar-free cookies will not help you gain any weight. Anyone who has  had sugar-free cookies and too many of them can attest to the fact that  may not be an accurate picture, but these, they may, in fact, be sugar- free.   My good friend to the left oftentimes speaks in illustrious language,  compelling words, but they are not necessarily always accurate.   When I think about our tax reform package, it really comes down to  some very simple concepts--families. Too many American families feel  invisible because so often we hear folks talking about people before  they actually talk to people. When you talk to the average American  family, what you will hear, time and time again, is that it is very  difficult for the average family to get their ends together, making  ends meet. Working paycheck to paycheck is too often, in too many  places, the norm.   So when we start talking about helping the average American family,  when we start talking about helping single parents, we are talking  about helping them keep their dollars. In other words, we believe they  know better than government how to spend their money.   If you are an average American household with only one breadwinner,  the fact is, our plan delivers a 75-percent tax cut if you earn around  $41,000. Why do we talk about $41,000 for a single-parent household? It  is because the average single-parent household with a couple of kids  earns around $40,000. So we want to paint a clear picture, not a  picture filled with facts but facts that lead you to the truth. That is  not what we are hearing all the time in this Chamber.   When you think about an average family, a typical American family,  with two earners in the household, the average family in America makes  around $73,000. Our tax cut for that average, typical American family  is 60 percent.   Here is what I struggle with. Why is it not a bipartisan objective to  deliver tax cuts to hard-working families, too often working two jobs  to make their ends meet? Why is there not a bipartisan coalition  working to make sure there is a tax break in every single bracket?   I just can't figure out why doubling the standard deduction for an  individual to $12,000 is not a bipartisan activity. I really can't  appreciate why taking a single-parent household from a standard  deduction of $9,300 to $18,000 is something my friends on the left are  resistant to do.   I cannot explain to you or to the folks back in South Carolina why  almost doubling the standard deduction from $12,700 to $24,000 isn't a  bipartisan exercise.   I can't explain to you why families who are strapped with kids in the  home, why we can't say to them that doubling the child tax credit is a  good thing. Where is the controversy around saying that instead of  getting a $1,000 child tax credit, we are going to make it $2,000?  Where is the controversy?   Why can't our friends on the left be a part of that conversation? Why  is it that our friends on the left have finally come to the conclusion  that after 8 years of running the Nation from the White House and  taking a $10 trillion debt that was accumulated over 230 years and then  doubling it in 8 years--now they want the American people to take them  seriously about the debt.   Let me close by simply suggesting that 4,700 businesses would still  be American businesses, according to an EY study, if we had a 20- percent corporate tax rate--4,700 businesses are no longer ours. They  have been acquired or inverted because our Tax Code punishes success.  In a global competition, our American workers deserve better. In a  global competition, our workers deserve the opportunity to work for  companies whose tax rates are competitive in a global economy.   If we don't do that, more American companies will invert, and fewer  Americans will work here at home in places like Alaska, South Carolina,  and the Dakotas.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kennedy). The Senator from Alaska.   