 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 3562 and ask  my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan, commonsense  legislation to improve our services for those who have ``borne the  battle": America's disabled veterans.   Currently, if a disabled veteran in VA's Vocational Rehabilitation  and Employment program needs adaptations made to their home due to the  limitations of their disability, then it is their vocational  rehabilitation counselor, someone who has no experience or training in  home construction, who makes such arrangements for these adaptations.   In addition to the lack of core competency in home adaptations, these  counselors have experienced a significant and steady rise in their job  counseling caseloads, so their focusing on this home construction takes  away from their primary function as a vocational counselor. This has  resulted in inefficiencies for disabled veterans who now have to wait  in line, and it is costing taxpayers more money.   While these are master's degree-level counselors who provide great  services to our veterans every single day, they do not have the  expertise to understand how to build a wheelchair ramp, affix a grab  bar to a wall, or implement other home adaptations. This bill would  simply transfer these responsibility's to VA's Specially Adapted  Housing program, where they deal with these kinds of construction  projects every day.   This change is needed. It will save the taxpayers money, and, most  importantly, it will help our disabled veterans immensely by ensuring  that they have the right people on the job to address their service- connected disabilities in a timely fashion.   Mr. Speaker, as we head into Veterans Day this upcoming weekend, I  just want to take a moment of personal privilege and say what an honor  it has been to serve on the VA Committee and chair the Subcommittee on  Economic Opportunity, and I want to thank, especially, the chairman for  that opportunity. It is humbling to know that in some small way I can  do my part on behalf of the people of west Texas to serve those who put  their lives on the line for all of us.   Veterans represent the very best of what this country was built on:  service before self. I say this because, at a time when our country's  culture and political environment seems so divided, the one thing that  continues to bring us together as Americans is our servicemembers and  veterans.   When they raised their right hand and swore an oath to defend their  fellow citizens, they did not care if we were from a red State or a  blue State, Republican or Democrat. They did it for love of country and  to protect not only their family and friends, but also the stranger  whom they will never meet.   That is why I am also very proud that, when we consider veterans  legislation as we are doing today and tomorrow, we are doing the two  most important things expected by all Americans: working together to  solve problems, and delivering on our promise to the American people. I  believe that the cumulative effect of commonsense measures such as the  bill that we are considering today are helping to deliver on those  promises.   I want to thank Chairman Roe, again, and also House leadership on  both sides for helping us bring this bill through our committee and to  the floor.   Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity,  I would be remiss if I didn't also thank the leadership of my ranking  member, friend, and fellow west Texan, Mr. Beto O'Rourke, in getting  this bill introduced and to where it is today.   I know that our fellow Americans would strongly agree with me that  our veterans, especially our disabled veterans, deserve the very best  services their country can provide, and this bill is another step  towards doing just that. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   