 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for  yielding me the time.   Today I rise in support of H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability  Act.   One can cut the hyperbole on the other side of the aisle with a knife  today because we are not here talking about gutting enforcement. We are  not here talking about exceptionally benefiting Wall Street operators.  What we are talking about is enhancing the SEC's cost-benefit process.   The Commission has made many positive strides toward its economic  analysis in the past few years. This bill will enhance their efforts at  ranking and providing resources to the rules that will in fact provide  investor protection and provide efficient, competitive U.S. markets.  Too many of their resources have been deviated on wild goose hunts  related to the Dodd-Frank mandates.   During this same time, we have experienced a sharp decline in initial  public offerings and public companies generally. Largely, in my view,  that is as a result of the regulatory burden and the costs associated  with being a public company. This should be a concern to every Member  of this body.   This bill would make the SEC's rulemaking process more accountable by  enhancing its cost-benefit analysis requirements and would require the  Commission to revisit its rules after implementation to ensure they are  actually achieving their intended purposes.   This bill does away with the notion that congressional mandates are  exempt from cost-benefit analysis and requires the Commission to  evaluate these rules as well--a good thing; Congress doesn't always get  it right--in addition to identifying alternatives which might even  include no rule at all, in short, using common sense.   Requiring this sort of more robust economic analysis will also help  the SEC set priorities. Chair White testified before our committee in  the past Congress that they have 50 front burners. They can't decide  what their most important agenda item is. Let's fix it, Mr. Chairman,  by passing this bill.    This bill will focus attention where attention is needed to  benefit investors, our capital markets, and the economy the most. H.R.  78, along with the HALOS Act that we passed in the House on Tuesday,  will help ensure that the SEC regulations do not unnecessarily impede  consumer and business access to capital.   I thank the chairman for the time. I appreciate Mrs. Wagner for her  work on this bill.   