 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In 2014, in a unanimous ruling delivered by Chief Justice Roberts,  the Supreme Court concluded that the police may not search a cell phone  without first demonstrating probable cause.   Citing an obvious Fourth Amendment interest--namely, the right to be  free from unreasonable search and seizure--in the vast amount of data  we store on our personal devices, the Court wrote:   ``The fact that technology now allows an individual to carry such  information in his hand does not make the information any less worthy  of the protection for which the Founders fought. Our answer to the  question of what police must do before searching a cell phone seized  incident to an arrest is accordingly simple--get a warrant.''   With that decision, the Court took a bold step toward reconciling the  Fourth Amendment with the advent of modern communications technology.   Today the House takes a similar step to reconcile our interests in  privacy and due process with the realities of modern computing. We do  so for the second time.   H.R. 387, the Email Privacy Act, recognizes that the content of our  communications, although often stored in digital format, remains worthy  of Fourth Amendment protection. And to investigators and government  agents who seek access to our email, our advice is rather simple: get a  warrant.   It is an idea whose time has long since come. So this bill will allow  us to move to a clear, uniform standard for law enforcement agencies to  access the content of our communications; namely, a warrant based on  probable cause.   H.R. 387 also codifies the right of the providers to give notice of  this intrusion to their customers, except in certain exigent  circumstances that must be also validated by the court.   We should note the absence of a special carve-out from the warrant  requirement for the civil agencies, like the Securities and Exchange  Commission and the Internal Revenue Service.   Last Congress, in the Judiciary Committee, we reached quick consensus  that a civil carve-out of any kind is unworkable, unconstitutional, or  maybe both. I would have preferred to keep the notice provisions of the  original bill, which are absent from the version we reported from  committee.   In the digital world, no amount of due diligence necessarily tells us  that the government accessed our electronic information. The government  should have an obligation to provide us with some form of notice when  intruding on a record of our most private conversations.   I fully understand that not everyone shares this view, and I am  willing to compromise, for now, in order to advance the important  reforms that we will adopt today.   I am proud of the work we have done. Last Congress, the House passed  this legislation that has already been noted by 419-0. I hope that  today we can send our colleagues in the Senate a similarly strong  signal to pass this bill.   This legislation is several years in the making, and it should not be  delayed any further.   Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 387, the Email  Privacy Act.   I reserve the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte) will control the time of the majority.   There was no objection.    Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler) was chairman of the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil  Liberties Subcommittee in 2010, he held three hearings on various  aspects of ECPA, including the need for a warrant requirement.   I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Polis), a former member of the Judiciary Committee and  the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.   