 Mr. President, I rise today to applaud the nomination of  Randal Quarles to help oversee the Federal Reserve System. Mr. Quarles  is certainly eminently qualified to serve in this capacity in this  important position. Through his long experience in public service and  the private sector, Mr. Quarles has gained experience in financial  regulation, economics, and the firsthand operations of financial  institutions. He also has a proven track record of leadership and  policy management.   The Fed's responsibilities are extensive, and they are varied, and  the roles Mr. Quarles has been nominated for come during a unique  period in the Fed's history. The years ahead will be decisive for the  development of the Federal Reserve, the American economy, as well as  domestic and international financial reform. It is paramount that the  Fed be equipped with a well-rounded leadership team so it can meet the  many challenges and opportunities of maintaining monetary and financial  stability. I firmly believe that Mr. Quarles is an ideal fit to take on  such responsibilities--for the success of the Federal Reserve and the  good of our Nation.   In closing, I applaud and strongly support the President's nominee to  help oversee the Federal Reserve System. I know him personally. I know  what a fine man he is. I know what an excellent leader he is. He will  do a good job.   Importantly, I would note that it is the intention to confirm Mr.  Quarles to the position of Vice Chair for Supervision--another  essential role.   It is critical that Mr. Quarles begin his work at the Fed as soon as  possible. There really is no time to waste. He will do a great job.   (At the request of Mr. Schumer, the following statement was ordered  to be printed in the Record.)  Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I had expected to be able to  vote today on the confirmation of Mr. Randal Quarles to be a member of  the Federal Reserve. Instead, I am in Las Vegas, meeting with victims  of and first responders to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S.  history.   On the question of Mr. Quarles's nomination, I want to make clear  that I would have voted ``no'' had I been present. While an official in  the Bush administration Treasury Department in the lead-up to the  economic crisis of 2007 to 2009, Mr. Quarles failed to take action to  prevent the build-up of risk that ultimately led to hundreds of  thousands of foreclosures and evictions in Nevada. In fact, Mr. Quarles  during that period repeatedly maintained that the financial system was  safe, that large banks were well-capitalized, and that the housing  market was strong, notwithstanding clear signs of escalating risk.  After serving in the Treasury Department, Mr. Quarles was the  beneficiary of the second-largest ``loss share'' agreement in the  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's history. This agreement  provided a taxpayer-backed guarantee and allowed Mr. Quarles to profit  substantially off of the failure of a large bank.   If confirmed, I hope that Mr. Quarles will exceed my expectations and  become a strong advocate for a safe and resilient American financial  system. However, I cannot in good conscience vote to confirm him given  my concerns about his past record.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   