 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to  speak for April and against this unconstitutional underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, her story is about one of the most complex and painful  decisions a woman can face, but it would have been even more painful if  this bill that we are debating, which is opposed by the American  Medical Association, was the law at the time.   Eighteen weeks into her pregnancy, she and her husband discovered  that their baby had a birth defect, a lethal skeletal dysplasia, and  was incompatible with life. The baby would never be able to breathe on  its own. The baby would either die in utero or die immediately at  birth. She was heartbroken. She went to other doctors for more tests.  These tests took additional weeks. Tragically, the tests confirmed the  diagnosis.    At 21 weeks, April had an abortion. With this bill, the Federal  Government would compel every woman like April against their will to  carry to term a fetus that they knew would either be stillborn or would  suffer and die at birth.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this underlying bill.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking  member for yielding and for her leadership on this issue and so many  others.   I strongly support the bill, and I would like to thank my good friend  from Indiana (Mr. Messer) for his leadership.   We introduced this bill in order to level the playing field for our  cities and States by requiring the banking regulators to treat certain  municipal bonds as liquid assets, just like corporate bonds, stocks,  and other assets.   As a former member of the city council in New York, I know firsthand  the importance of municipal bonds. They allow States and cities to  finance infrastructure, build schools, pave roads, and build subways.  They are all financed with municipal bonds.   Unfortunately, in the banking regulators' liquidity rule--which  requires banks to hold a minimum amount of liquid assets--they chose to  allow corporate bonds to qualify as liquid assets, but completely  excluded municipal bonds--even municipal bonds that are just as liquid  and high-grade as corporate bonds.   This makes no sense, and it effectively discriminates against  municipal bonds and cities. A municipal bond that is just as liquid as  the most liquid corporate bond would not be counted as a liquid asset  under the rule just because it was issued by a municipality rather than  a corporation.   The Fed has already recognized this error and has amended its rule to  fix the problem. But the OCC, which regulates national banks, is still  refusing to amend its rule and insists on favoring corporations over  municipalities. So Mr. Messer and I introduced this bill because this  kind of arbitrary discrimination against municipalities cannot be  allowed to continue.   So in sum, this bill levels the playing field for cities and States  in a way that maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system.  The bill passed the Financial Services Committee 60-0 in July, and last  Congress the bill passed the full House by a voice vote.   So I urge my colleagues to, once again, support this bipartisan  legislation which is critically important for our States and our  cities.   