 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3971, the Community  Institution Mortgage Relief Act, because the ability to purchase a home  is one of the most sacred financial goals we have as Americans. This is  an important path to home ownership, and we are doing everything we can  to make sure it remains accessible.   This bill will help do that by ensuring that community banks and  credit unions stay in the mortgage lending business and continue to  provide potential homeowners with diverse credit options in their  communities.   I would like to thank Representative Claudia Tenney from New York for  providing such a great relief to community institutions.   Unfortunately, as we have seen too often, this is one more instance  where government efforts to protect people are inadvertently having the  opposite effect. Though intended to protect homeowners, the CFPB's  final rule and guidance on escrow and mortgage service requirements are  so burdensome and costly for smaller institutions, that we are driving  mortgage businesses away from them.   This comes on top of an already burdensome regulatory environment in  which our small financial institutions are facing rules and regulations  that were made for larger banks, causing them to close their doors at a  rate of one small institution a day.   We need a more tailored regulatory environment that balances the  credit needs of consumers with appropriate consumer protections. This  legislation would do that by exempting lenders with assets of $20  billion or less from escrow requirements on high-priced mortgage loans  they hold in portfolio and would provide much-needed regulatory relief  for small servicers.   With smaller staff and fewer resources, existing escrow rules are  financially and technically prohibitive for small community  institutions. In addition, these smaller lenders often hold the  liability in portfolio for the term of the loan, making an escrow  account unnecessary, because the lender has a strong interest in  protecting its collateral by ensuring that taxes and insurance premiums  get paid.   When it comes to purchasing or refinancing a home, it is tremendously  important that consumers have credit options. We preserve those options  by allowing community institutions to enter or remain in the mortgage  market.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, the fact is, in my district, and in many  other districts, there are small banks that are getting out of the  mortgage lending business, and they cannot provide those options for  the communities that they live in.   We need to do everything we can to make sure that we are allowing  these institutions to stay in the market without being deterred by the  high cost of regulatory compliance, and thank goodness H.R. 3971  achieves those goals. I support it.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how  much time I have left.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Rogers of Kentucky). The gentlewoman  from California has 11\1/2\ minutes remaining.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is strongly opposed by all of the consumer  groups: Americans for Financial Reform, Center for American Progress,  Center for Responsible Lending, the National Consumer Law Center, and  Public Citizen.   Why are they so opposed to this bill? This bill would, again, amend  the Truth in Lending Act--that is TILA--and the Real Estate Settlement  Procedures Act--that is RESPA--to widen the size of two exemptions that  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has already provided for  smaller sized institutions on escrow accounts for higher priced  mortgage loans and servicing requirements for small mortgage servicers.   Under the bill, escrow accounts would no longer be required for  riskier, high-priced loans at institutions with less than $25 billion  in assets. Currently, the exemption applies to firms with less than $2  billion in assets. The smaller service exception for increased  notification requirements to consumers would be increased, again, from  servicers with 5,000 loans to those with 30,000 loans.   Why do all of these consumer groups oppose this legislation? Because  it is obvious what is happening here. We are taking away the protection  from those who need it the most. We are not doing anything for  community banks. There are no $25 billion community banks.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues in this House oppose this  bill. It goes in the opposite direction of what we have done to try and  give protection to those consumers who need protection the most, and  the Dodd-Frank reform has done this, and I would just ask opposition to  this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   