 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 1174, the Fairness  for Breastfeeding Mothers Act. I thank my colleague for introducing it.  It was unanimously supported--thank you, Mr. Chairman--in committee and  in full committee. As expected, it is going through because people  understand this is a commonsense bill, so I am happy to support this  once again.   I know you were discussing H.R. 375 earlier. I did want to return to  the bill to designate the Federal building and courthouse in Nashville,  Tennessee, to my good friend, Fred D. Thompson. That building will now  be named after him appropriately.   Fred Thompson was a larger-than-life character, a true patriot, and a  great wit who believed in and lived the American Dream in starring  roles on stage, screen, and national politics. He served as a Senator  for 8 years, and then later he ran for President. Originally he was  here in Congress serving as a counsel where, of course, we had that  famous line: ``What did the President know, and when did he know it?''  That was a line that he was well known for.   What he was also often not given credit for was what a profoundly  good lawyer he was. He had come to the attention of people in Tennessee  by Lamar Alexander when Howard Baker came and asked now-Senator Lamar  Alexander to take a role in the Watergate hearings, he said: No; you  want to have Fred Thompson there. He asked his friend Fred Thompson to  come and serve in that role.   Fred then became an actor because when they went to write a movie  about a woman who had been dealing with corruption in Tennessee  politics, and Fred had been her lawyer, they couldn't find someone to  play Fred, and they came and asked him: Could you play yourself? He  said: Well, I guess I could. That is how he became a character actor  and a larger-than-life character there. Some of his famous lines there:  ``Stack `em, pack `em, and rack `em.'' In ``Die Hard'' I believe that  one was.   In movies, he starred with Paul Newman, Tom Cruise, Clint Eastwood,  Gene Hackman, Robert Duvall, Bruce Willis, Sissy Spacek, and so many  others. After he came here to the Senate, he humorously said: ``I often  long for the realism and sincerity of Hollywood.'' So this is somebody  who took his job very seriously but never took himself seriously and  continued to have that great wit.   My husband and I were very privileged to know him and learn from him  and spend many a good day and delightful time and evening with him and  his wife, Jeri, his family, his children, and his many friends and  admirers. We are so grateful for and appreciate his celebrated service  and justly celebrated service to our country. This building will be a  great memorial in a State that still very much reveres him.   I was privileged to be able to attend his service where hundreds and  hundreds of people from Tennessee came to honor him, from country  singers to people who stood by the side of the road as we drove to his  funeral service, saluting him and thanking him for his service. This is  somebody who in today's politics is sorely missed by all of us, and  certainly most by his many friends, his family, and his scores of fans.  God bless the Honorable Fred Thompson.   I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to be able to have  this building now be a legacy to his great service and being a great  attorney and lawyer for this country.   