 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 806,  the Ozone Standards Implementation Act.   For nearly 5 decades, the Clean Air Act has proven to reduce air  pollution by establishing critical National Ambient Air Quality  Standards to protect  [[Page H5946]]  our public health and public welfare. This bill would drastically alter  the Clean Air Act, putting everyone at risk by delaying the  implementation of stronger air quality protections and extending the  review period for setting future air pollution standards.   If we choose not to put air quality and public health first today, we  jeopardize and undermine our ability to live long and healthy lives  tomorrow.   When the EPA issued its final rule strengthening the National Ambient  Air Quality Standards in 2015, this decision was based on the review of  thousands of studies showing ozone's harmful effects.   Ozone is a pollutant. If we do not take our responsibility serious to  ensure every American has clean and healthy air to breathe, those with  asthma will experience more attacks. We need to make sure that our  children aren't developing chronic bronchitis and asthma; and we risk  increased numbers of premature deaths across the country.   Every American deserves clean air now. We cannot afford an almost  decade-long delay of improved air pollution standards.   According to the American Lung Association, nearly 4 in 10 people in  the United States live in counties that have unhealthy levels of either  ozone or particle pollution. More than 125 million Americans live in  204 counties where they are exposed to concerning levels of air  pollution in the form of either ozone or short-term or year-round  levels of particles.   While we have continued to make progress reducing ozone pollution, we  have to further strengthen these standards in the name of public  health. These standards are the cornerstone of the Clean Air Act.   Additionally, the provisions in this bill would also affect future  NAAQS reviews for criteria pollutants by extending the review time for  5 to 10 years, compounding the negative public health impacts for  generations.   In Michigan, if we fail to lower our ground ozone pollution, our  seniors with pulmonary disease, asthma, and diabetes will suffer. For  our kids who want to explore the outdoors and experience all the Great  Lakes have to offer, ozone pollution may increasingly trigger a variety  of health problems, including chest pain, coughing, and throat  irritation.   Please, my colleagues, do not do this today. Think of the health of  Americans.   