 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to do what the Trump  administration has failed to do; that is, to stand up for working  families and fight for an economy that actually works for all, not just  for the richest among us.   On the campaign trail, President Trump made promise after promise to  workers. He promised to put them first and bring back good-paying jobs  to their communities. Yet, since day one of his Presidency, we have  seen him do just the opposite. His administration has rolled back  protections for workers and families and prioritized corporate profits  over working families' financial security.   He has put forth nominee after nominee who puts industry interests  above the needs of families, like William Wehrum, President Trump's  nominee to lead the EPA's Office of Air and Radiation. Mr. Wehrum is  someone who  [[Page S7078]]  has worked to undermine the core mission of the office he would  oversee. He is a nominee who has demonstrated a willingness to side  with protecting Big Business instead of protecting our Nation's most  valuable resources and whose independence is truly in question.   Unfortunately, when looking at President Trump's record as a  businessman, these decisions do not come as a surprise. President Trump  spent decades as a real estate developer, cheating workers and  contractors out of their hard-earned pay, and he refused to allow his  own hotel workers to join together and advocate for safer working  conditions and better wages.   President Trump's vision of our economy is one in which workers bear  the burden, and the people who live in gilded towers get the benefit.  The contrast with Democrats could not be clearer. Last week, Democrats  rolled out an ambitious agenda to reform our labor laws to, once again,  empower workers to join together, make their voices heard, and fight  for better wages and benefits.   Currently, it is extremely difficult for workers to seek justice when  corporations violate their rights, and if we want to rebuild the middle  class, we have to change that because workers having the right to  organize and join unions helped to build the middle class we have  today. For many workers in the 20th century, good union jobs helped  them to support their families and climb the economic ladder, but over  the past few decades, our economy has worked in favor of corporations  and those at the top. As corporate management and special interests  have undermined workers in their right to collectively bargain, we have  seen, of course, a decline in unions and union membership across the  country. This has allowed President Trump and billionaires like him to  take advantage of their workers, and it has given workers little  recourse in standing up and fighting for better working conditions.   The preamble of the National Labor Relations Act clearly states that  it is the policy of the United States to encourage collective  bargaining to give workers a voice, allowing them to speak up for fair  wages and safe working conditions, and it is the responsibility of the  NLRB to ensure that workers' rights are protected so they are not taken  advantage of. The NLRB gives workers the opportunity to file charges  against corporations when they are illegally fired or retaliated  against for exercising their rights, and because President Trump's own  businesses have had complaints filed against them numerous times, it is  so critical now that the Board is independent and committed to that  core mission.   Unfortunately, I have serious concerns about Mr. Robb's commitment to  that core mission and to supporting workers' rights so more families,  not fewer, have financial security. Mr. Robb has spent most of his  career as a corporate lawyer, representing Big Business and seeking to  limit the rights that workers are guaranteed under the National Labor  Relations Act--the very law he is now asking to be in charge of and  enforce. He has defended companies against unfair labor allegations,  age and discrimination charges, and unfair wage and hour claims. If he  is confirmed, Mr. Robb will have the sole decision-making power as to  which cases will be brought before the NLRB.   Given his long history of defending corporations, I don't believe  workers can trust him to act with their best interests at heart or to  stand up to President Trump and his vision of an economy that works for  those at the top but that undercuts workers' wages, safety, and rights.   I will be voting no on Mr. Robb's nomination, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same. I know every single one of my colleagues has  spoken to working families in his State who feel left behind today-- families who work full time and who are saving what they can. They are  struggling to make ends meet. It is time that we stop prioritizing  corporate profits and start focusing on those workers and our middle  class. We can only strengthen our economy if we give workers a voice in  it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I appreciate all of my colleagues from  both sides of the aisle who will be joining us here this afternoon and  thank them for their leadership on our legislation and for taking the  time to speak today.   We are now exactly 1 week into open enrollment, and it has been 3  weeks since Chairman Alexander and I put forward a bipartisan bill to  stabilize our healthcare markets and lower patients' healthcare costs.  So I wanted to come this afternoon to talk for a few minutes about what  it means that so many people nationwide are signing up for coverage and  why there is no good reason for Republican leadership to wait another  minute before bringing up our bill for a vote.   It is still early, but what we are seeing so far is that millions of  people across our country are going to healthcare.gov to shop for  coverage. Some 200,000 signed up on the first day. That is more than  double the amount from last year. The vast majority will get tax  credits to help cover their costs. In fact, some who are struggling the  most will find they can save even more this year because of how our  current healthcare system absorbs cost increases.   But there is no question that premiums are going up in many places  and that fewer coverage options are available and not every consumer is  protected. One woman--Melissa--told the Washington Post this week that  she is ``joining the ranks of the uninsured'' for the first time in her  life as a 51-year-old. She said that she doesn't qualify for subsidies  and that given how much her premiums would increase, her insurance  costs would have been more than her mortgage payments each month.  Melissa is one of the people paying the price for President Trump's  healthcare sabotage and the Republican leadership's--so far-- willingness to cheer him along.   It is unacceptable that patients and families are having to take on  this burden. Let's remember that when someone goes to sign up for  healthcare coverage, they are not doing it as a Republican or a  Democrat, they are doing it as a parent or a caregiver or a business  owner who wants to stay healthy and financially secure.   Here in Washington, DC, healthcare has become bogged down in  politics, but in cities and towns across the country, it is about  taking care of yourselves and your loved ones. That is why so many  people are going online to shop for coverage despite the President's  insistence that healthcare in the United States was going to  ``implode,'' regardless of the fact that to make implosion a reality,  President Trump--among his many other efforts at sabotage--shortened  the enrollment period this year and gutted investments in outreach and  advertising and caused premiums for those people to increase by double  digits on the average. Patients and families deserve so much better.   I have said it before: The frustrating thing is that all this could  have been avoided. Way back in September, Chairman Alexander and I were  on the verge of an agreement to stabilize healthcare markets and lower  premiums for the coming year and for 2019. Our agreement would have  provided multiyear certainty on the out-of-pocket cost reduction  subsidies that President Trump decided to stop paying even though the  law says he is required to do so. Had we been able to move faster, our  legislation would have resulted in lower premiums right away for 2018.  But Republican leaders pressed the ``pause'' button on bipartisan  negotiations so they could try one more time to jam partisan repeal  through the Senate, and we lost a lot of precious time.   Our bill, the Lamar Alexander-Patty Murray Senate bill, would do a  lot of good right now and over the next years. If Republican leadership  takes up our legislation now and passes it, families would see rebates  this year and lower healthcare costs next year because our bill is  designed to ensure that the benefit of greater certainty is passed on  to patients and taxpayers, not hoarded by insurance companies.   Our deal would also invest in open enrollment and outreach for 2019,  so more people would be covered. It would allow States more flexibility  to innovate as the Affordable Care Act always intended. It would mark a  critical step away from this harmful partisanship on healthcare and  toward working under regular order on solutions that make healthcare  work better for the people we serve.   Finally, this legislation would send a critical message to patients  and families that when Congress sets aside partisan difference and  focuses on what is best for our country, we can deliver a result, as  Chairman Alexander often says.   More than 200 groups representing doctors, hospitals, State  officials, Governors, and patients have endorsed our bill. The  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says it would do exactly what  it was intended to do--stabilize markets and bring down healthcare  costs--while returning $3.8 billion to taxpayers.   Twelve Senate Democrats and 12 Senate Republicans cosponsored it. We  are continuing to build support, and there is no question that it would  pass here with a filibuster-proof majority if it were brought to the  floor. And while the Senate shouldn't need President Trump's signoff to  take a position on ways to fix the Nation's healthcare system, the  President has supported this process moving forward.   So here we are, and right now it is up to Republican leaders. They  can choose to stay in a partisan corner and reject an opportunity to  lower patients' healthcare costs in a bipartisan way, or they can do  what people across the country want them to do and put patients over  politics.   I do want to note that if Republican leaders hadn't gotten the  message, voters made it pretty clear last night that they reject the  deeply harmful partisanship we have seen on healthcare.   It is well past time for Republican leaders to give up the ghost on  TrumpCare, declare it dead, and work with Democrats to get real  solutions. That starts with our bipartisan bill to lower healthcare  costs and stabilize the markets, because if they don't, they can be  sure they will be held accountable.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, as President Trump continues to undermine  worker protections and prioritize corporate profits, it is very  critical that the NLRB is independent and is committed to promoting  collective bargaining.   When corporations try to take advantage of their employees, workers  should be able to turn to the NLRB to intervene. Unfortunately, Mr.  Robb's career as a corporate lawyer fighting against workers gives me  great concern he will not have workers' best interest at heart in this  role. So I will be voting no on this nomination, and I urge my  colleagues to stand up for workers and do the same.   I yield back our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Robb  nomination?   