 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative Marc  Veasey from Texas, who has been an amazing advocate for voting rights  and has been standing with the people in Texas across this country for  American values with the refugee ban.   And I can't say enough about my colleague, my freshman class member,  Stacy Plaskett, from the beautiful Virgin Islands. Her commitment to  being a voice for people who are often not heard has been one that has  been valuable, not only to us here in Congress but for this country.  [[Page H1122]]    Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is a time to celebrate our progress  while recognizing the challenges that we still face today.   The President, Donald Trump, posed the question to African Americans  asking: What do you have to lose?   Our Black history is outlined with the great progress and hard  sacrifices endured by our forefathers. Under this administration and  under these current circumstances that we are dealing with, yes, Mr.  President, we have a lot to lose. We have a lot to lose for every point  of progress that we have made in this country. And for every hard  fought step forward, we have a lot to lose.   Instead of draining the swamp, this administration is filling it with  unqualified and dangerous megadonors. Our basic rights and privileges  included in our Constitution are under the risk of being attacked under  this administration. Old battles that we fought and celebrate the wins,  such as equal rights and quality education and criminal justice, have  now begun again anew.   How are they under attack, you would ask? Well, let's go appointment  by appointment.   Under DeVos' leadership, our education system is under attack.   African Americans have historically fought for equal access and  opportunity in education.   African Americans had to suffer through the Jim Crow era to fight a  segregated education system. They were forced to learn under a system  that was both separate and unequal.   African Americans have faced and fought against injustice in the  education system ever since our emancipation.   And now, in 2017, our Secretary of Education is Betsy DeVos. And  frankly, she is not qualified to be the Secretary of Education because  she has zero experience in public education, and she is not the right  person to lead our public schools. Being a millionaire does not mean  you are qualified to direct good policy.   We have real issues in Detroit. Under DeVos' direct involvement in  Michigan public schools, we now have a challenge in our city of Detroit  with school deserts. Some of you may not have heard about that. But a  school desert is where a community does not have a local public school  to attend. This means a family's only opportunity to educate their  children would be to go to a for-profit charter school that is miles  away, and there is no public transportation given for your child to get  there, so you are in a school desert.   Our Secretary of Education should be enforcing civil rights equality  and making sure that every child is educated in America, and this  includes children of color who can't advocate for themselves.   Funneling taxpayer dollars to private religious schools is a step  backwards. Resegregation masked under the guise of school of choice is  a step backwards.   So let's talk about Secretary Sessions.   Our criminal justice system is under attack.   Civil rights icons that we know and celebrate during Black History  Month, like Martin Luther King and our amazing Congressman John Lewis,  endured pain and suffering during a peaceful protest and support of  voting rights in 1965.   Disproportionate injustices against African Americans and minorities  did not end with the civil rights movement.   Today, we fight for equality under the law. This fight continues.   Now, we have Senator Jeff Sessions charged with leading the Justice  Department. His record speaks for itself. He was denied for a position  as a Federal court judge speaks volumes.    Clearly, there seems to be a certain amount of fear of the truth when  it comes from the mouth of Coretta Scott King.   We cannot go backwards. African Americans have worked hard to be a  part of the fabric of this country through education, and health care  is one of them.   Let's talk about Charles Drew, who, with his research, developed a  technique to have blood banks that we can use in transfusions; Daniel  Williams, the first person to successfully complete open-heart surgery;  and Dr. Patricia Bath, whose invention in cataract lenses transformed  eye surgery, and she was the first African-American woman doctor to  receive a patent for a medical invention.   Now, our society's most vulnerable stand to lose something that we  fought so hard for, and that is ensuring everyone receives health care  in America, ACA. Women should not be charged more for insurance than a  man. The sick shouldn't be denied insurance because of preexisting  conditions. And Republicans instead want to repeal, take away, the ACA  without any plan to replace it. We are going backwards.   This month, we celebrate how far we have come. We celebrate the  progress of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act. We  celebrate the heros and sheros who paved the way. We have come too far  to go back now.   That is why I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Black  Caucus, along with others who have fought for Americans' equality and  for the millions of Americans we represent. It is time for us to  remember the great progress we have made as a nation. It is time to  remember the past injustices so that we never repeat them. The  sacrifices of those who came before us must never be forgotten. Their  sacrifices must not be in vain.   During this month of remembrance, let us all remember we are not  going back. We, the African-American community, we Americans, we are  moving forward.   