 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garamendi for  sponsoring this moment that we can speak about such important issues.   In a budget proposal purported to ``make America great again,''  President Trump has put forth a request to cut $5.8 billion from the  National Institutes of Health for fiscal year 2018. Mr. Speaker, there  is absolutely nothing great about that. These cuts would reverse growth  for the agency that President Obama boosted its budget by $2 billion in  2016 and 2017. These cuts would forfeit American dominance in a sector  where we are global leaders.   In New Jersey's 12th District, Princeton University received close to  $46 million in NIH grants, and the College of New Jersey received  around $400,000 to continue our Nation's stature at the forefront of  medical breakthroughs. The cuts proposed would, in effect, stunt good  and essential medical research, lifesaving research.   Unlike what we have seen from this administration, the NIH has  produced results that improve the health and livelihood of the American  people. For example, there is no widely available cure for sickle cell  anemia. While some children have been successfully treated with blood  stem cell and/or bone marrow transplants, this approach was thought to  be too toxic for adults. However, NIH researchers successfully treated  adults with severe sickle cell disease using a modified stem cell  transplant approach that does not require extensive immune-suppressing  drugs.   After receiving an experimental spinal stimulation therapy from a  team of NIH-funded researchers, four young men paralyzed due to spinal  cord injuries were able to regain control of some movement, promising  results for treating these devastating injuries.   NIH-supported researchers designed a protocol to transform human stem  cells into beta cells that produce insulin and respond to glucose. That  finding could lead to new stem cell-based therapies to treat diabetes  in patients of all ages, a disease that is so prevalent in our society.   The specific damage that occurs in affected brain tissue after a  concussion has not been widely well understood. A study by NIH  researchers provided insight into the damage caused by mild traumatic  brain injuries and suggested approaches for reducing its harmful  effects.   It has even been reported that these draconian cuts will slow  research that could lead to new ways to prevent and treat cancer, the  Nation's number two killer, which claimed the lives of almost 600,000  Americans just last year and which, incidentally, claimed the lives of  both of my parents.   The evidence is overwhelming, and these are the facts. I just want to  know when this President and his supporters here in Congress will set  aside budget gimmicks and put Americans, our health and our well-being,  first.   