 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in  support of H.R. 3218, the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational  Assistance Act. This bipartisan package will extend and ultimately  improve our veterans' access to GI Bill benefits.   And while I wasn't prepared to speak to this, since my colleague from  Indiana, Mr. Messer, just spoke, I also rise in support of the Takano- Messer amendment to support those veterans who are not receiving  credits now from their time at ITT Tech. So I do support that amendment  as well.   But I am proud to be a part of this bill that Chairman Roe has so  ably shepherded, and I appreciate the bipartisan support on both sides  of the aisle for including the Veterans TEST Accessibility Act. This  act does just what the title implies: it gives our veterans simpler,  fairer access to tests like the SAT and GRE, as well as licensing and  certification tests, like certifications to be mechanics, firefighters,  Realtors, to name just a few.   Our current law requires veterans to use a full month of eligibility  to be reimbursed for these tests. Given the relatively low cost of many  tests, it simply isn't worth it for many veterans to lose potential  reimbursement for an entire month of other educational expenses, like  tuition. This provision fixes that problem. Veterans will be reimbursed  for the amount of the test only, and they can still utilize the  remaining eligibility to cover other educational expenses incurred that  month.   Our vets have the skills and experience that many universities and  employers are looking for, but they face challenges. This commonsense  provision will give our veterans the tools they need to compete in the  job market and help address veteran underemployment and unemployment.  It allows them to take what they have learned, so many skills that they  learned prior to and during their service, and use these benefits they  have earned to advance their education and career.   I would like to thank Chairman Roe for his leadership, the VSOs, and  all of our colleagues who have contributed to this important piece of  legislation, and I urge passage of the bill.   