 Mr. Speaker, I join with my Illinois colleagues, Mr.  Shimkus, Mr. LaHood, and Mr. Hultgren, who will speak in just a moment,  to recognize the life and the legacy of a great man who dedicated his  life to service.   For decades, the hardworking men and women of Peoria were proud to  have Bob Michel fighting for them in the United States House of  Representatives. And even though we were from opposite parties, I  learned a lot from Bob Michel, who had been a friend of my family for  decades.   Like a lot of men and women from his era, Bob Michel believed in  America to his core. He believed in the midwestern values that have  made our heartland a great place to live, work, and raise a family.  Hard work, service, community, and working together to achieve a common  good, these are the values that Bob Michel lived by.   Bob Michel could have gone into business and become a wealthy man. He  could have left Peoria for a big city. He could have done anything he  set his sights on. But what Bob Michel did was he decided to give back  to the community that had given him so much, and he gave a life of  service.   It was in 1956 that Bob Michel ran and won his seat representing  Peoria and several communities across central Illinois. Even though he  went to Washington, Bob Michel's heart was always in Peoria. He never  lost sight of his profound responsibility to the people that he served.  For nearly 40 years, he rose through the ranks of Republican leadership  to become the longest serving minority leader in our Nation's history.   Even though I might not have agreed with him on every single vote  that he cast, Bob Michel proved that you can disagree without being  disagreeable. Over the last several days, I have heard from Members  from both sides of the aisle about their memories of Leader Michel, and  there are several things that we can all agree on.   First, if Bob Michel gave you his word, you could always count on it.   Second, if you had a good idea, whether you were a Democrat or a  Republican, if it helped the families that he represented, you could  count on his support.   And finally, if he didn't agree with you on something, well, you  could probably count on a fight, but not a fight like we think of it  today, certainly not the kind of divisive, personal, and negative  partisan battles that have become far too common in Washington.   Bob Michel didn't believe in something like that. He believed in  healthy debate, grounded in mutual respect for both sides of the aisle;  because, when it gets down to it, all of us are here with the intent of  bettering the families that we serve, bettering the communities that we  represent, and, of course, bettering our Nation. That is what Bob  Michel stood for, and it is why we as a nation come together tonight to  mourn his loss.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand along with Mr. Hultgren, Mr. LaHood,  and Mr. Shimkus, my colleagues in Illinois, in offering the heartfelt  condolences of the entire U.S. House of Representatives to Leader  Michel's children, Scott, Bruce, Laurie, and Robin, as well as their  families. The city of Peoria will always honor and remember the life of  service that Bob Michel gave.   Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Hultgren).   