 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Hensarling, the gentleman  from Texas, for his leadership on this issue and on so many regulatory  reform issues that we will be addressing this week and in the future.   Mr. Chair, I am proud to sponsor and bring to the floor H.R. 78, the  SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. This legislation fits perfectly with  the theme of the week here in the House to advance key regulatory  reform ideas as a change of pace from the outgoing administration.   For the past 8 years, the amount of regulatory burden that has been  placed on Americans and small businesses has been crushing. In 2015,  Federal regulation cost almost $1.9 trillion. That is nearly $15,000  per household in a hidden compliance tax.   The Obama administration issued over 600 economically significant  rules, which are those that have an economic impact of over $100  million. As a result of this wave of regulations, we have been part of  the slowest economic recovery in our lifetimes.   We now have an opportunity to enact policy that ensures smart  regulation going forward so that we are doing things in the best and  most efficient way. The people have spoken, Mr. Chair. Business as  usual in Washington is over and it is time to do things differently.  There is, indeed, a better way.   This legislation is really about what everyday Americans do when they  are making major life decisions in weighing the costs and the benefits,  the pros and the cons. Whether it is buying a car, buying a home,  deciding whether to take out a loan to go to school, everyone must  consider the core economic factors when making important life  decisions.   The SEC Regulatory Accountability Act places statutory requirements  on the SEC when issuing rulemaking that ensures that, first, they  identify the problem that regulation is trying to address; second, they  weigh the cost and benefits to ensure that the benefits justify costs  of compliance; and thirdly, they identify and assess whether there are  any available alternatives to rulemaking.   Additionally, this bill contains a provision that requires the SEC to  review its existing regulations every 5 years, at the minimum, to  determine whether any such regulations are outdated, ineffective, or  excessively burdensome, as well as requiring the SEC to modify,  streamline, repeal, or even to expand regulations based on that review.   As a regulator of our capital markets, the SEC has an immeasurable  influence on our economy and the ability of small business and  entrepreneurs to be able to access capital in order to innovate, grow,  and most of all, create jobs.   I strongly believe that this legislation is nonpartisan and common  sense and what our government regulators should have been doing in the  first place. The American people deserve a break from the irresponsible  regulation they have grown accustom to over the past 8 years. There is  a better way.   I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation  and urge passage of it through the House.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gonzalez), a new member of the Financial  Services Committee.   Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I support the regular review of  regulations to ensure that they are still relevant to our ever-changing  economy.   Unfortunately, the retrospective review requirement in H.R. 78 is  counterproductive and places heavy administrative burdens on the  Securities and Exchange Commission, an already overburdened and  underfunded regulator.  [[Page H430]]    Specifically, it required the Commission to review all of its rules  within 1 year of an enactment, and to constantly review its rules every  5 years thereafter, regardless of whether there is any cause for  concern with a particular regulation. I find this appalling.   That means the Commission will have to go back to 1934 and review  every single rule, even ones industry likes and rules that have made  our capital markets the envy of the world.   Today the SEC has a number of formal and informal processes for  intelligently identifying rules for review. For example, the Regulatory  Flexibility Act requires the SEC to conduct a 10-year retrospective  rule review, and the Paperwork Reduction Act requires periodic reviews  of information collection burdens.   Under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the SEC publishes a plan to  look at rules that have a significant economic impact on smaller  businesses, inviting public comment on the rules, including how it  could be amended to reduce the impact of many small businesses within  my district and certainly around the country.   In addition, the SEC has been conducting several broad-based reviews  of rules on its own accord related to issuer disclosure, equity market  structure, and even the definition of what an accredited investor is.   As an already cash-strapped agency, the SEC, tasked with such an  onerous retrospective rule review required by H.R. 78, would be forced  to divert already scarce resources from other important tasks,  including policing the markets for fraud and stopping bad actors before  they can drain the life savings of investors and many retirees in my  district and around the country. This is our seniors we are talking  about.   Looking at the bill as a whole, it appears that this is the point of  the legislation: rather than have the SEC focus on its mission to  protect investors and support many small businesses, H.R. 78 focuses on  the burdens of the financial industry and repealing those rules.   I oppose this bill.   