 Mr. President, I am very pleased to be here on the floor  of the U.S. Senate with my colleague, the Senator from North Dakota,  who just talked a lot about some of the details but also some of the  results of the tax reform that we are talking about. Also, I was very  inspired to hear Senator Scott from South Carolina talk about how he  believes--and I believe--that tax reform for someone like his mother,  who was a nursing assistant raising two boys as a single mom, will have  great impact on her. We all have a story to tell, and that is why I  think this tax reform bill that we are talking about will be, can be,  and should be very impactful for everyone across this great land.   My colleagues and I have talked a lot about this over the last  several weeks because it really presents an incredible opportunity for  us to make a difference for every American family, every American  business, and individuals from all walks of life.   Just last week, when I was home in West Virginia, I had a small  business roundtable. I hosted about seven or eight owners of small  businesses, and we sat down to talk about tax reform and what kinds of  impacts this would have on them, their businesses, and the people they  employ. It didn't take long  [[Page S6518]]  because the first question I asked, right off the bat, was: What does  tax reform mean to you? Well, they didn't say ``Tax breaks for the  wealthy'' because that is not what they believe and that is not what I  believe.   We had a woman who has a family-owned business. She employs six  people as a highly technical, small manufacturer. She said that what  tax relief means to her and her small business is that after she trains  people--it takes a year and a half to train--a lot of them will leave  and go to a bigger company because they are searching for a higher  wage. She said: What I am going to be able to do is reward the good  workers in my business and raise their wages so they will stay.   I almost closed my book and left. I said: Well, do I need to hear  anything more? These are the impacts, I think, tax reform will have on  small businesses.   I had another person there who employs 36 people in a communications  company. What does tax reform mean to you? She said: Well, I have two  locations. I have 36 people evenly split between the two locations. But  in communications you really have to modernize your IT for graphics and  be able to do the best communications and advertising you can do. That  is expensive. It is really expensive. She said: What tax reform means  to me is, I am going to be able to modernize my infrastructure, my IT,  my software, and still keep the 36 people who work for me. And she  said: I am looking next year to hire another six, and this gives me the  certainty to be able to do that.    Well, I almost closed my book up and left then. What does that mean?  That means more investments. Somebody is selling that software.  Somebody is creating that software--hopefully, in this country--and  somebody is going to be the beneficiary of that increased investment in  a small business.   I heard about raising wages. I heard about what economic growth will  do to a small business in a small State. I heard Senator Hoeven say 96  percent of business in North Dakota is small business, and 95 percent  of business in West Virginia is small business.   So these efforts will be about transforming our economy. For too  long, we have been living with a stagnant economy, with too few  opportunities, and with people feeling like they just can't get ahead.  Rural America has really felt this, and many of the communities in my  State and around the country have felt these effects of this  stagnation, this lack of confidence, this feeling that you can't get  ahead. You are not ready to spend the money.   No. 1, you don't have it because you are paying too high taxes. No.  2, you don't want to spend it because you don't have the confidence  that the economy is going to move. That is what this is about today. We  have a chance to transform this and create opportunities, reform our  Tax Code, and deliver pro-growth legislative solutions. We haven't done  this for decades. It is way past time to make a real difference and  make a system that is more transparent, a system that is simple.   Something I don't think we talk about enough is tax simplification.  How welcome that would be to probably everybody seated in the Gallery  here today, and millions across the country, when they look at the time  and effort and money they spend to prepare a complicated tax return,  when tax simplification would free them from a lot of that burden.   Most of all, we want a system that is fair and the kind of system  that rewards hard-working families and puts more money in the pockets  of those who earn it. You think, what would you do with it. I think  everybody could come up with something they could do. They might want  to save for retirement. They might want to go on vacation. They might  need to do repairs for their home. They might want to buy a new pair of  shoes for their child or a new car. There are all kinds of ways that  people are holding back because they don't have the confidence. If they  have that money in their pocket, then the confidence will be there in  the future, and they are going to invest. They will invest in their  lives, their families, their homes, their businesses.   Before we can move forward, we must pass this budget. This budget  resolution before us today reins in Federal spending and provides new  prospects for our businesses and our families. It paves the way for a  tax code overhaul and creates a pathway to greater prosperity. I heard  the Senator from Texas saying we would love to have a bipartisan tax  reform measure in front of us. When we all see what the results of this  are going to be, we should be able to join together, but we need this  budget resolution to make sure that what we have talked about for more  than several months and a year is going to come to fruition.   A vote for this budget is a vote to provide tax relief for hard- working, middle-income Americans. It is a vote to lower taxes on  families with children. It is a vote to incentivize companies to invest  domestically and create jobs in this country. That is what they tell us  they want to do. I believe they know an investment in this country with  their capital and their people is a much more solid investment for  their company's future than any investment outside of this country.   It is very hard to think that any of my Senate colleagues, Republican  or Democratic, would not want to support these goals. So passing this  resolution creates a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reform our Tax  Code in a way that will move our economy forward. Our country will move  forward.   I urge my colleagues to vote for the budget and to begin the process  of delivering tax reform that will help so many people in my State of  West Virginia and across this country. We cannot let this opportunity  slip by. I am going to do my best to make sure it doesn't. Thank you.   I yield back.   