 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the horrific  mass murders last night. My heart is obviously with the victims and  their families, and I thank all of our brave first responders who acted  so quickly.   These senseless mass shootings must end. We cannot allow this to be  the new normal, where tragedy after tragedy happens, and we do  absolutely nothing to address it. It is not good enough to just send  thoughts and prayers and extend our condolences when people are losing  their lives to gun violence every day.   We still have to learn the details about what happened, but what we  do know is this: This violence, this mass murder, is one of the worst  massacres we have ever seen in this country. It is yet another reminder  of Congress' failure to act to protect Americans from gun violence. It  is another disturbing and painful example of how Congress is too weak  and too cowardly to stand up to the gun industry.   The news reports are saying that the gun was shooting in rapid-fire  bursts, a military-style weapon specifically designed to kill as many  people as possible in the shortest amount of time, a weapon of war.   We have to pass laws that protect the American people from this kind  of horrific violence. It should not be legal for a civilian on American  soil to own and use a weapon of war like an assault weapon. Our  military is highly trained to use such weapons. It should not be easy  for any person to buy a suppressor--known by many people as a  silencer--to attach to their guns, which makes it harder for police to  do their jobs and catch violent criminals.   The people of Nevada voted in November to require background checks  on all weapons, but the politicians in that State are refusing to  implement the will of the people. The violence in Las Vegas is only the  latest tragedy like this. Mass shootings get all the news, but every  single day in my home State, gun violence on a much smaller scale is  destroying more and more lives.   We really need to act. We must take gun violence as seriously as we  take the threat of terrorism, wherever it is happening.   We will get to the facts and the bottom of this. And when we do,  let's honor the lives of those we have lost by doing something about  it, doing everything we can to make sure this never happens again.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   