 Madam President, when workers and families fought back  against President Trump's first disastrous pick for Secretary of Labor,  Andrew Puzder, they made it clear that they want a Secretary of Labor  who will fight for their interests, especially as President Trump  continues to break promise after promise he made to workers on the  campaign trail. I couldn't agree with them more. As bad as Puzder would  have been, our standard cannot be ``not Puzder.''   Never has it been so critical to have a Secretary of Labor who is  committed to putting workers' protections and rights first, even if  that means standing up to President Trump. It is with this in mind that  I cannot support Alexander Acosta to run the Department of Labor.   Given Mr. Acosta's professional history, I have serious concerns  about whether undue political pressure would impact decision making at  the Department. My concerns were only heightened at his nomination  hearing, when Mr. Acosta said he would defer to President Trump on the  priorities of the Department of Labor. The Trump administration has  already cemented a reputation for flouting ethics rules and attempting  to exert political pressure over Federal employees. We need a Secretary  of Labor who will prioritize workers and the mission of the Department  of Labor over special interests and political pressure.   Unfortunately, Mr. Acosta's time leading the civil rights division at  the Department of Justice suggests he will not be the mission-focused  Secretary of Labor workers across the country have demanded. A formal  investigation by the inspector general showed that, under Acosta's  tenure, the civil rights division illegally considered applicants'  political opinions in making hiring decisions, ignoring their  professional qualifications. As Assistant Attorney General, Acosta  chose to recuse himself from consideration of a Texas redistricting  plan, instead, allowing political appointees to overrule career  attorneys who believe the plan discriminated against Black and Latino  voters.   Mr. Acosta's past raises questions about whether--instead of making  workers' rights and protections the priorities of that Department--he  will allow political pressure to influence his decision making.   Mr. Acosta's refusal to take a strong stand on many of the most  pressing issues workers face today was equally concerning. We need a  Secretary of Labor who is committed to expanding overtime pay to more  workers, fighting for equal pay, and maintaining protections for our  workers. But in responding to questions about those priorities, Mr.  Acosta made it clear that he simply plans to defer to President Trump,  who has already made it abundantly clear that he will not stand up for  workers.   Mr. Acosta continued to evade addressing my concerns about how he  would prioritize workers' interests at the Department of Labor in our  followup questions. We need a Secretary of Labor who will remain  committed to the core principles of the Department of Labor--someone  who will prioritize the best interests of our workforce, who will  enforce laws that protect workers' rights and safety and livelihoods,  and who will seek to expand economic opportunities for workers and  families across our country.   Unfortunately, Alexander Acosta has failed to show he will stand up  to President Trump and prioritize those principles and help our workers  get ahead. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to listen to the millions of  workers who have made their voices heard about the need for a Secretary  of Labor who is committed to building an economy that works for  everyone, not just those at the top, and vote against this nomination.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip.   (The remarks of Mr. Durbin pertaining to the introduction of S. 948  are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills  and Joint Resolutions.'')   