 Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  defeat a Congressional Review Act resolution that would weaken the  FBI's gun background check system and make it easier for individuals  with severe mental illness to buy guns.   Gun violence is an epidemic in our communities--killing more than  30,000 people each year; yet this resolution would prevent the. Federal  Government from taking even the most basic steps to improve enforcement  of current gun laws.   It blocks a rule that requires the Social Security Administration to  report to the FBI background check system individuals who have a severe  mental illness that prevents them from managing their own affairs. This  determination is made during the application process for Social  Security disability benefits.   This policy could have prevented tragedies like that of Janet Delana  and  [[Page S1168]]  her daughter Colby. Colby was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in  201l. She received Social Security disability payments as a result of  her mental illness and lived with her parents in Missouri. A year after  her diagnosis, Colby used the money from her disability check to buy a  gun at a local dealer. Her mom called the dealer and begged him not to  make the sale. Janet explained that her daughter was mentally ill and  suicidal and that she would likely use the gun to harm herself or  others. Nonetheless, Colby passed her background check and bought the  gun. Just an hour later, Colby shot her father to death and tried to  kill herself. Janet's now a widow, and Colby lives in an institution.  Their story didn't have to end that way. We should all agree that  severely mentally ill individuals like Colby should not have access to  guns. Federal law already says that individuals with severe mental  illness are barred from purchasing or possessing guns. Yet time and  again, we have seen prohibited purchasers like Colby pass background  checks. That is because the background check system does not have  records of all mentally ill individuals barred from buying guns.   While the background check system has denied gun transfers to 1.3  million prohibited individuals--including felons, drug addicts, and  fugitives--it isn't perfect. There are individuals like Colby whose  information should be in the system--but isn't. We need to improve the  background check system and ensure information that is supposed to be  in the system is in fact included.   A recent report by the Police Foundation and Major Cities Chiefs  Association noted that this is critically important if we are going to  reduce violent crime in our country. The 2007 mass shooting at Virginia  Tech--the second deadliest mass shooting in our history--could have  been prevented if we had a better background check system. Seung-Hui  Cho, an angry, mentally disturbed individual, slaughtered 32 students  and teachers and wounded many others. After the massacre, we learned  that Cho in 2005 had been ordered to attend psychiatric treatment and a  judge ruled that he presented ``an imminent danger to himself as a  result of mental illness.'' As a consequence of this judge's  determination, Cho's name should have been entered in the NICS  database. But it wasn't--that is because the FBI didn't have the  records.   In response to the shooting, Congress in 2007 unanimously approved  the NICS Improvement Amendments Act to improve record keeping in the  background check system. Senators Ted Kennedy, Pat Leahy, Chuck  Schumer, and Tom Coburn worked together on the bill, and President Bush  signed it into law. The bill was supported by both the National Rifle  Association and the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. That never  happens.   It is this bill--passed unanimously and supported by the gun lobby-- that required the Social Security Administration to issue the rule we  are debating today. The Social Security Administration engaged in a  painstaking process over the past year to develop this policy. It  received more than 90,000 comments from advocates and members of the  public. The rule was carefully crafted to identify individuals like  Colby, while protecting due process.   The majority of individuals with mental illness do not commit acts of  violence, and they would not be affected by this rule. The rule covers  only individuals with serious conditions, including schizophrenia, who  need additional assistance to manage their affairs. This determination  is made following an extensive review of medical evidence, which takes  place before the person is approved for Social Security disability  benefits.   The rule further specifies that it would only apply to prospective  claimants--starting in December 2017. That means it would not apply to  individuals who already receive disability benefits. Repealing this  rule through the Congressional Review Act would not only overturn the  policy that's been developed. It would block the Social Security  Administration from ever taking action to implement the NICS  Improvement Act and report mentally ill individuals to the FBI.   Time and time again, my Republican colleagues respond to horrific  mass shootings by saying that we don't need any new gun laws. We just  need to better enforce the gun laws we already have. That is exactly  what this rule aims to do--improve enforcement of current law and make  sure people already barred from buying guns can't buy guns.   So, the question comes: What won't Republicans do to appease the gun  lobby?   We lose more than 30,000 people to gun violence each year in this  country, many of whom are mentally ill and commit suicide. It should  shock the conscience of the American people the Senate is considering  weakening our Federal background check system in response to this  unabated epidemic of violence.   I urge my colleagues to vote against repealing the Social Security  Administration's rule. Thank you.   