 Mr. President, before I begin to speak about the  nomination before us right now, I did want to comment on the breaking  news regarding the nomination of Andrew Puzder.   There is some good news today for workers and women and families in  America. Back on the campaign trail, President Trump promised to put  workers first, but from the start, it has been pretty clear that his  nominee for Secretary of Labor, who has now withdrawn, was a clear  signal that President Trump had no intention of keeping that promise,  and instead he planned to rig his Cabinet with the staunchest allies  for Wall Street--big corporations and special interests--that he could  find.   So I am not surprised that when workers and families heard about the  pride Mr. Puzder takes in objectifying women, that he called his own  workers ``the best of the worst,'' and that his vision for our economy  is one in which workers are squeezed so those at the top can boost  their profits higher and higher, they said no. They spoke up loud and  clear that they want a true champion for all workers in the Labor  Department.   I just want to thank all the workers who bravely shared their stories  in the last few months. It is clear today that your words are powerful,  and I am going to keep bringing your voices here to the Senate, and we  will keep fighting.   With that, Mr. President, I wanted to be here today to speak about  OMB Director Nominee Mulvaney. I submitted comments on this nomination  in the Budget Committee, and I want to bring them to the full Senate  today.   I am here today to urge my colleagues to oppose Congressman Mulvaney.  Mr. President, we all know that a budget is more than just numbers on a  page; a budget represents our values and our priorities, the kind of  Nation we are now and the kind of Nation we want to be.   Congressman Mulvaney is not shy about where he stands on this. When I  sat down with him a couple of weeks ago, he made it very clear that he  would use our budget to radically reshape our country in a way that I  believe would be devastating to families, to seniors, to veterans, to  the middle class, and to many others.   Congressman Mulvaney has said he wants to make drastic, radical cuts  to Federal investments, trillions of dollars across the board. His  budget proposals would slash Federal funding for education, leaving  students across the country with fewer opportunities to learn and to  succeed. They would cut investments in jobs and training, leaving our  workers scrambling to keep up with the changing economy. They would  eliminate support for children and families who need a hand up to get  back on their feet. They would eliminate basic medical research that  creates jobs and leads to lifesaving cures. They would continue the  work President Trump has done to destroy healthcare in America and  create even more chaos and confusion. They would lead to dramatic cuts  to Medicare and Medicaid, betraying the commitments we have made to our  seniors and so much more. He wants to do that while giving away even  more tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations and  has proposed raising the Social Security retirement age to 70, causing  millions of Americans to drop under the poverty line. In other words,  Congressman Mulvaney's nomination is another perfect example of how  President Trump is breaking the promises he made on the campaign trail  to stand with workers and seniors and the middle class.   Just a few years ago, Congressman Mulvaney was at the fringes of the  Republican Party. He is one of the most extreme members of the tea  party wing of the party who supported the government shutdown when  others were working to end it; who failed to show the proper concern  about a potentially catastrophic breach of the debt limit and remains  cavalier even now, telling me he would advise the President against  accepting a clean debt limit; who, by the way, isn't even willing to  support the budget deal I reached with Speaker Ryan. He is someone whom  responsible members of his own Republican Party scorned just a few  years ago and whose budget ideas they rejected as damaging, unworkable,  and political suicide. But now he is the person whom Republicans are  holding up as a budget leader.   As we see this nomination, as we see Republicans use the budget  process to slam through a partisan plan to destroy our healthcare  system, it is clearer than ever how far the Republican Party has moved,  even from the days of our bipartisan budget deal.   Finally, I am extremely troubled by Congressman Mulvaney's failure to  pay taxes and comply with the law. I know I am not the only one who has  been here long enough to see Cabinet nominees withdraw over less  egregious breaches than this. Congressman Mulvaney's motivations,  explanations, and defenses have not been credible. It is hard to  believe that every single one of my Republican colleagues feels  comfortable with someone with such a serious lapse of judgment in  charge of the budget of this administration.    I voted against Congressman Mulvaney in the Budget Committee for  those reasons and more, and I am here today to oppose his nomination,  and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Certainly, we can do better  than this.   Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   