 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, thank you, and thank you to some of my  colleagues who are going to be joining me on the floor this afternoon.   The day after President Trump was inaugurated was one of the most  inspiring I have ever gotten a chance to be part of. Millions of  people, men and women, marched in Seattle, in Washington, DC, and in  cities and towns in between. They carried signs, they chanted, and they  made it absolutely undeniably clear that when it comes to women's  rights and healthcare, people across the country do not want to go  backward. Since then, they have continued to speak up and stand up.   But we are here today because Donald Trump and Republicans in  Congress simply are not getting the message. I want to discuss one  crucial example in particular--the possibility that in a matter of  days, Senate Republicans could roll back a rule protecting family  planning providers from being discriminated against and denied Federal  funding.   Let me start by explaining a bit about what family planning providers  mean to our community. These providers--part of the Title X program,  which has bipartisan history--deliver critical healthcare services  nationwide but are especially needed in rural and frontier areas. In  2015 alone, Title X provided basic primary and preventive healthcare  services, such as Pap tests, breast exams, birth control, and HIV  testing, to more than 4 million low-income women and men at nearly  4,000 health centers. In my home State of Washington, tens of thousands  of patients are able to receive care at these centers each year. They  often have nowhere else to turn for healthcare. In fact, 4 out of 10  woman who receive care at health centers funded by Title X consider it  to be their only source of healthcare.   Taking resources away from these providers would be cruel. It would  have the greatest impact on women and families who are most in need.  But that is exactly what the law passed in the House, which is now on  its way to the Senate, would mean. It would undo a valuable effort by  the Obama administration to ensure that healthcare providers are  evaluated for Federal funding based on their ability to provide the  services in question, not ideology. In doing so, the bill would make it  even easier for States, led by extreme politicians, to deny family  planning providers Federal funding, not because of the quality of the  care they provide or the value to the communities they serve but based  on whether the politicians in charge agree that women should be able to  exercise their constitutionally protected rights to safe, legal  abortion.  [[Page S1527]]    It is the 21st century. It is time for politicians to stop telling  women what they can and can't do with their own bodies. That is what  the women and men who have been marching and speaking up all over our  country believe. That is what I believe. It is what Democrats believe.   If Leader McConnell thinks he can rush this harmful legislative  effort through without a fight, we are here to say he is wrong. He can  expect Democrats and maybe even some Republicans who are concerned  about losing healthcare providers in their own States to fight back. So  today I am calling on the leader to commit right now to drop this  effort and agree not to bring this bill to the floor. It is well past  time that extreme Republicans end their damaging political attacks on  women. I think the opportunity to start that is right this minute. So  we urge him to take this action and not bring this to the floor. We  want him to know that we are going to fight back every step of the way  if he does.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   