 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for the  opportunity to co-lead this Special Order with my dear colleague,  Congressman Ted Poe, for Human Trafficking Awareness Week.   I was thrilled, Mr. Speaker, that yesterday the House passed my  legislation, the Put Trafficking Victims First Act. Together, we can  get victims of trafficking out of dangerous and abusive situations and  create better, more accessible trauma-informed services. Victims don't  just need to be rescued. They need opportunities to rebuild and sort  through trauma and to live well.   My bill advances a survivor-centered approach to addressing human  trafficking that ensures the safety, confidentiality, and the well- being of victims. It encourages stakeholders to recognize symptoms of  trauma and coping mechanisms that may impact victims' interactions with  law enforcement, the justice system, and service providers.   One of the key ways we can address the upsetting realities of human  trafficking in the U.S. justice system is by giving victims a pathway  to vacate and expunge their criminal records for offenses that they  were forced to commit. I have met with many survivors in my home State  of Missouri and across our great country who struggle to rebuild their  lives because they are trailed by criminal records. Traffickers and  pimps intentionally push victims to commit crimes as a means of  control.   My heart breaks for these women who have suffered horrendous abuse  and bear the mark of a record on top of it. Criminal records make it  difficult for survivors to get jobs, medical care, education, and even  housing assistance. These records haunt survivors and can even lead to  revictimization.   Mr. Speaker, if we are serious about giving survivors of trafficking  a second chance, we must enact serious, foolproof vacatur laws that  erase the collateral consequences of treating trafficking victims like  criminals. This is why I introduced, along with the support of many of  my colleagues, the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act. This bill would  give victims of trafficking relief from Federal or D.C. criminal  convictions or arrests.   We know well that Federal courts are not--and I underscore ``not''-- infallible, and that many victims are trafficked within the District.  These women don't deserve criminal records. They deserve restitution,  civil damages, and the empowerment to walk with their heads held high.   I am adamant that these women get a second chance at life, that they  find housing, therapy, jobs, new friends, and new chances. I am adamant  that the United States of America will no longer punish people for  trauma that most of us cannot even imagine. I am adamant that the  United States Congress will have the moral aptitude to enact the  Trafficking Survivors Relief Act. I am adamant that not one more victim  of trafficking will be mistreated in our criminal justice system. Mr.  Speaker, I am adamant that we pass this bill into law.    Well, I will tell the gentleman that the legislation  that he and I have worked on for a number of years and that he has  spent the better part of a lifetime as a judge and as a legislator on  is saving lives; but, sadly, my hometown of St. Louis, Missouri, would  be ranked in the top 20 counties or cities in the Nation for human  trafficking. So the problem is prevalent. It exists still.   What breaks my heart most of all are those children who have been  victimized, whether it is by online predators or other means, those who  are the most vulnerable in our society. We have been able to work with  many of the safe houses, with our prosecutors, with our law  enforcement, with our advocacy groups.   As Congressman Poe and I both know, we can't always legislate all the  ills of society away. What I appreciate about the work that we do is  not only passing laws and legislation to help those victims, but also  the education and awareness that is so very important. So anything that  we can do to lift those advocates up, to bring a spotlight to this  modern-day slavery is so very important.   I commend the gentleman from Texas for his work and for the Special  Order here tonight. I look forward to a day when this heinous crime,  this modern-day slavery no longer exists in the United States of  America.    I thank the gentleman. I would say, Mr. Speaker, that  these online predators are the bane of our existence. It is a dark  underbelly of the human trafficking and sex slavery trade that is out  there, and it is absolutely unconscionable that crimes can be committed  online that would not be allowed to be committed offline. We are going  to go to the heart of the Communications Decency Act with my next piece  of legislation that so many attorneys general and States and  prosecutors and law enforcement and advocacy groups are begging for  Congress to act to make sure that there is clarity so that States and  the Federal Government can prosecute, and to make sure that we make the  changes that are necessary in a very specific and narrow way to make  sure that those online predators are not victimizing the children,  women, and young boys of our land.    I look forward to working with the gentleman and my colleagues on  much more work in this arena.   