 I thank the gentleman, my classmate and colleague,  Congressman Veasey. And to my colleague, Congresswoman Stacy Plaskett,  thank you for convening tonight's Special Order for the Congressional  Black Caucus.   Mr. Speaker, we are here for two topics tonight, and you will see  many of us come and talk about these topics.   So to my colleagues, let me just cut my message short and say that we  are here because we all witnessed, over the weekend, President Trump's  latest executive order barring immigrants, refugees, and legal  permanent residents from seven Muslim-majority countries. This has set  off a protest across the Nation.   I was so proud that I was able to stand in my Third Congressional  District with families and individuals protesting his unilateral move  that is not making us safe. It flies in the face of the values and the  freedoms enshrined in our Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, I am here because we had individuals in my district who  were held in the New York airport, while many others weren't freed like  they were. That is why I will continue to stand up to President Trump  and stand with my people.   We are also here tonight to respond to another unsubstantiated but  extremely dangerous claim made by President Trump. We know that last  week he doubled down on his assertion that he would have `` . . . won  the popular vote,'' Mr. Speaker, ``if you deduct the millions of people  who voted illegally.''   Obviously not satisfied with winning the Electoral College, Trump  continues to focus on defending his national popular vote loss of  almost 3 million votes. He now believes, without any evidence to  support his claim, that 3 to 5 million people voted fraudulently in the  2016 election.   While this was par for the course for the Trump campaign, but now  that he is in the White House, Mr. Speaker, he intends to make this  voter fraud untruth the subject of an actual government investigation  mandated by a soon-to-be executive order, wasting untold amounts of  taxpayer dollars.   Well, when the Congressional Black Caucus hears people using terms  like ``voter fraud,'' ``illegally voted,'' and ``strengthening up  voting procedures,'' we read between the lines; and that is why we are  here tonight to stand up against voter fraud that he is saying, because  we know it is voter suppression.   