 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 7  minutes.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to once again urge my  fellow Senators to vote against this resolution, which will weaken our  bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act and will hurt students and  schools across the country. I wish to quickly run through the reasons  why passing this resolution will hurt our students.   First, voting for this resolution will throw States and school  districts into chaos just as they are beginning to implement this law.  Secretary DeVos has already sent a letter to State chiefs suggesting  that a new State template for plan submission would be coming, less  than a month before approximately 18 States and the District of  Columbia intend to submit their plans. This timeline will not allow  enough time for the stakeholder review process that is required in the  law and may force States to reopen their plans and delay implementation  of the law.   Secondly, the Every Student Succeeds Act is a civil rights law at its  core. We know from experience that without strong accountability, kids  from low-income neighborhoods, students of color, kids with  disabilities, and students learning English too often fall through the  cracks, and now it is up to all of us to uphold the civil rights legacy  of the law and its promise for students by voting against this  resolution.   I wish to spend a little more time on the third reason. It should  concern all of us that if this resolution passes, it will give  Secretary DeVos a blank check to promote her anti-public school agenda.  During her confirmation process, my colleagues and millions of  Americans saw that Secretary DeVos lacks a basic understanding of key  concepts in public education policy, and even more concerning, she has  openly questioned the role of the Federal Government in protecting our  most vulnerable students.   After her hearings, millions of people across the country stood up,  made their voices heard, and called on the Senate to reject her  confirmation. Although she squeaked through with an unprecedented tie-- the breaking vote from Vice President Pence--it was clear that  Democrats, Republicans, and people across the country rejected her  anti-public school agenda. Instead, they want the Department of  Education to stand with students and with schools. We cannot in good  conscience, through this rule, give Secretary DeVos another tool to  promote her anti-public school agenda in ESSA implementation, and that  is exactly what passing this resolution will do.   My colleagues across the aisle--the senior Senator from Tennessee  made a number of claims in his remarks yesterday about this rule, and I  want to go through a few of them because I believe they were off base  on a number of levels.   First, the way my friend talked about what the law allows, or doesn't  allow, in terms of rulemaking is absolutely wrong. Major laws like the  Every Student Succeeds Act allow for and depend on Federal agencies to  issue rules that help implement and clarify said laws. The Every  Student Succeeds Act maintains the Secretary's overall authority to  issue  [[Page S1713]]  rules and clarifications that are consistent with the law. This rule  before us today is consistent with ESSA, and it provides important  clarity to our States, our school districts, and our schools.   Secondly, the senior Senator from Tennessee misrepresented how this  rule requires States to rate schools. While the Department's initial  rule did require States to provide schools with a ``summative rating,''  my colleague across the aisle, as well as a number of education  stakeholder groups, requested that the Department provide States more  flexibility. The Department listened and took this out of the final  rule which we are talking about today. In fact, the Council of Chief  State School Officers, one of the groups who was concerned with the  summative rating, said in a statement in response to this rule: ``It is  clear the U.S. Department of Education listened to the feedback from  state education chiefs across the country and made several important  changes to ensure the accountability provisions in the Every Student  Succeeds Act can be implemented in all States.'' And now the final rule  only requires States to comply with ESSA in this area.   Finally, I want to say that my colleague was simply wrong in the way  he talked about the impact of this rule on schools that are struggling.  ESSA provides guardrails to make sure that grant sizes are sufficient  to meet the needs of students, but it provides States with the  flexibility to allot smaller grants to smaller sized districts and  schools if that is what works best for them. But this rule in no way  limits State decisionmaking in this area.   Those are just a few of the ways this rule was mischaracterized over  the course of the debate. There were many others. I just have to say  that it is disappointing because Democrats and Republicans worked  together on this law. I thought there was a clear understanding of what  the law intended. I assumed my colleagues understood what the  Department was doing to implement our law in an open and collaborative  way, and it is very concerning to me to hear such partisanship and  false representations of our bipartisan law.   This rule does not dictate what States have to do in struggling  schools. Instead, it balances the goals of ESSA--flexibility with  Federal guardrails--and provides important clarity for our States.   A vote for this resolution is a vote to run away from the bipartisan  nature of the Every Student Succeeds Act. It is a blunt instrument and  a significant step in the wrong direction, and it will have a serious  impact on our students, our schools, and our districts across the  country.   I am disheartened to see that my Republican colleagues are jamming  this partisan play through in the same fashion they did with Secretary  DeVos's nomination.   Over the past few months, millions of students, parents, and teachers  have made their voices heard about the importance of public education  to them. They want us to work together, and they want us to build on  the bipartisan law. This resolution does exactly the opposite.   I urge our colleagues to vote against this resolution and vote for  our schools and our students and to vote for the bipartisan ESSA law.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   