 Mr. President, throughout my time as a Senator, I have  heard our Service Chiefs testify time and again to the hollowing of  America's military as a result of insufficient and unpredictable  funding. Simultaneously, external dangers have grown in size and scope.   Sadly, for the first time in decades, we are forced to confront not  one but multiple existential threats to the American way of life. An  expressive Russia, expanding China, nuclear North Korea, nefarious  Iran, and relentless global terror networks put our lives and the lives  of future generations at risk.   America is once again in crisis. Inaction, obstruction, or partial  commitment are not options. This year's National Defense Authorization  Act provides us an opportunity to fulfill our duty--to provide  America's soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and guardsmen the tools  they need to accomplish all we demand.   I find it particularly fitting that this bill came to the floor the  week of September 11, an anniversary of unparalleled adversity but also  one of national unity. On that day, and the days that followed 16 years  ago, the best of America eclipsed the evil of terror. We came together  for the sake of our security, demonstrating to the world America's  resilience.   There is no greater symbol of that resilience than those who serve in  uniform. Secretary Mattis reminded us of that on Monday when he said:  ``The men and women of America's armed forces have signed a blank check  to protect the American people and to defend the constitution, a check  payable with their lives.''   The least the Senate can do in return is authorize and prioritize  congressional efforts to keep faith with that promise. At the same  time, we are under no obligation to fund overbudget, behind-timeline  defense programs with a blank check of their own. To the contrary, we  have an oversight obligation to the American taxpayers, those in and  out of uniform, to ensure proper stewardship of their hard-earned  dollars.   That is why I, along with my colleagues on the Armed Services  Committee, crafted and passed unanimously the bill before you. In it,  we have prescribed a clear and comprehensive plan to rebuild our  military to decisively deter or defeat any adversary. However, we are  also holding the Department accountable for each dollar it spends.   For my part, as a member of the Armed Services Committee and chair  [[Page S5718]]  of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, I focused on  three priorities.   First, I supported our troops and their families by making senior  enlisted pay scales commensurate with job requirements, by combating  sexual assault and retaliation, and by facilitating Federal direct  hiring authority for military spouses. I extended that support to the  battlefield by promoting enhanced standards for things like parachutes,  aircraft life support systems, and counterdrone technologies.   Second, I advanced policy initiatives to increase cooperation with  international partners, to codify a more comprehensive counterterror  strategy, and to reaffirm America's support for our European friends by  putting Russia on notice for its aggression in Ukraine and Crimea.   Finally, I included measures to optimize existing institutions, such  as our National Guard's cyber capabilities, and to ease regulatory  burdens, so the best ideas and products from our universities and  private companies can bolster national security at a lower cost. I have  led important efforts to hold DOD accountable by requiring enhanced  program management standards and by joining Senators Grassley and  Perdue in demanding that the Department finally meet its 26-year  overdue statutory obligation to complete a clean audit.    Colleagues, let's be clear--no one wants America's military to be our  first or only option, but we must also acknowledge this truth: It is  fundamental to our security that a ready military remains an option.  The fiscal year 2018 NDAA is a vital step toward providing that  security. Seeing it through to fruition as part of a larger effort to  reassert our ``power of the purse'' is the next step. There will be  time to debate nondefense policies and budgets later, and as  legislators, our job is to have these very debates.   Let's take the first step now. I urge all of my colleagues to support  the NDAA. Follow through in the months ahead. Fulfill our obligation to  realize its goal. We can do no less.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   