 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the need to  protect undocumented young people, commonly referred to as Dreamers,  from deportation.   The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or what is called  DACA, was announced by President Obama in 2012 to solve an urgent need.  Hundreds of thousands of young people brought to this country as  children were at risk of being deported. They didn't take the action to  come; their parents took the action to come and bring them. President  Obama's Executive order temporarily protected these undocumented young  people from deportation. DACA also provides the opportunity to obtain  work permits and has made it possible for many young DACA beneficiaries  to enroll in college.   If Congress doesn't act now and pass a law, President Trump's  decision to terminate this program will have devastating consequences  for nearly 800,000 families across the United States, particularly  those in California. This decision to end DACA without first ensuring  that young people have legal protection is why we are demanding a vote  on the Dream Act as soon as possible. DACA recipients deserve certainty  now, not 6 months from now. These young people trusted our government,  and it is time we stopped playing with their lives.   The Dream Act, introduced by Senators Graham and Durbin, has been  considered many times already by this Congress. It was most recently  included in the comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the  Senate in 2013 with 68 votes. I remember it well. I remember weeks in  committee. I remember dozens of amendments. I remember the time on the  floor, the hope that we would be able to pass comprehensive immigration  reform. It had an agricultural workers program in it. It had this  program for undocumented children. It had H2A. It had a whole panoply  of reforms in it, and it went down. It got 68 votes here, although it  didn't survive in the House.   I believe there is broad bipartisan support for the Dream Act. I just  learned, for example, that polls are saying that 70 percent of the  people in this country are in favor of it. And I would be confident  that it would pass if given an up-or-down vote. So I call on leadership  to ensure there is a clean vote on the Dream Act this month.   As I mentioned, 800,000 young people have been admitted to the DACA  Program, allowing them to come out of the shadows. They were educated  here. They work here. They pay taxes. They are integrated into American  society. These young people are fiercely patriotic. In every way that  truly matters, they are Americans.   Listen to this: 95 percent of DACA recipients are working or in  school. That is 95 percent of 800,000. The typical DACA recipient came  to this country at 6 years old. They have known no home other than this  one. Many of them only speak English.   Seventy-two percent of the top 25 Fortune 500 companies--companies  such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, J.P. Morgan--employ DACA recipients.  DACA recipients are contributing significantly to our economy. It is  estimated that ending the program would mean a $460.3 billion hit to  the GDP over the next decade.   But protecting DACA recipients isn't a matter of politics or  economics; it is really about what is right as Americans and human  beings. This is particularly important for me, representing California,  because 1 in 4 Dreamers--223,000--live, work, and study in California,  and I can testify that they are an essential part of the fabric of our  communities. So it is important for Senators and the American public to  know the very real human side to this issue.   I want to share the story of a remarkable young woman whom I met and  whose family I met. Her name is Vianney Sanchez. She was brought to  this country when she was just 1. Today she lives in East Oakland. I  met her and her family last month, and I last spoke to her on Monday  night. Vianney is a 23-year-old graduate student from UC Santa Cruz  with a degree in psychology. She is pursuing a career in public service  so she can give back to this country.   Vianney's mother, Maria, whom I also met, worked as an oncology nurse  at Highland Hospital, and her father, Eusebio, worked as a truckdriver.  They had no criminal record. They owned their own home, which I  visited, a small home in East Oakland. They paid their taxes. And they  were in this country for 23 years. I saw them the week before the  mother and father were deported last month, sobbing in their living  room. My office has worked on their case for years, and their  deportation was truly heartbreaking. I will never forget having to call  Maria and tell her that I had spoken to the Acting  [[Page S4985]]  Secretary of Homeland Security, begging her not to deport this family,  and that she would be deported and separated from her children the next  day. It was one of the most painful calls I have ever had to make.   These heartbreaking photos of the Sanchez family were taken by the  San Francisco Chronicle and Bay Area News Group before Maria and  Eusebio were forced to leave. This is Maria--20 years a nurse at  Highland Hospital. This is Vianney, and this is the second oldest  child. The oldest child is DACA, and it has now fallen to her to  support her two sisters, maintain the house, work, and hopefully start  her career. Her mother, her father, and her American citizen youngest  brother are in Mexico. I think these heartbreaking photos tell a story.  Vianney now is facing the uncertainty that she, too, could lose  protection and be deported. Then what would happen to her sisters?   Every day we fail to act means one more day that Vianney, Melin, and  Elizabeth are forced to live with this enormous cloud hanging over  their heads. And, you know, Senator, the fear is palpable. You talk to  these young people on the telephone, and you can sense what is  happening. First of all, they know the government knows everything  about them. The government knows where they live, what they do. They  have to report regularly. This is kind of a conditional program, and so  they are up front and out front. And you would think this would give  them a sense of security, but it actually gives them a sense of  insecurity because they don't know what the future will bring.   I would like to share the story of another talented and ambitious  Californian who has taken full advantage of the opportunity she has  been given. This is Denisse Rojas. She arrived in the United States  when she was just 10 months old, brought here from Mexico. Like many of  our immigrant ancestors, her parents wanted to make a better life for  their children. This is a very recent photo of her; you can see she is  beautiful.   Denisse's family is similar to other families in California. After  arriving in Fremont, her father worked full time in a restaurant while  pursuing his high school diploma at night. Her mother attended  community college part time for 7 years to earn her nursing degree.  After years of trying to gain legal status, her parents were forced to  move to Canada. That left Denisse.   Denisse excelled in high school, graduating with a 4.3 GPA. She  attended UC Berkeley, which is one of the top public universities in  the Nation, to study biology and sociology. She dreamt of going to  medical school, driven in part by a family member's earlier death from  cancer. The cancer was diagnosed at a late stage because the family's  immigration status made it impossible to afford health insurance.  Denisse worked as a waitress and commuted an hour each way to classes  because she couldn't afford to live on campus. After graduation, she  volunteered at San Francisco General Hospital.   This is Denisse today. She is in New York at Mount Sinai Medical  School, one of the country's top programs. She is on track to earn her  degree in 2019. You can see her in the middle of this photo in her  medical scrubs and how proud she is.   To help other students navigate the admissions process and pursue  careers in health and medicine, Denisse cofounded a national nonprofit  organization called Pre-Health Dreamers. Through Pre-Health Dreamers,  Denisse has helped many other students as they work toward their goals.   After graduation, she intends to specialize in emergency medicine and  work in low-income communities to provide healthcare to families like  her own who too often go without needed treatment.   Parts of California, particularly our rural counties, are very short  on doctors. This is a big problem. In the healthcare reform, they are  lucky if they have the choice of one insurance. So we desperately need  people like Denisse who want to work in communities most in need of  skilled health professionals.   Without DACA or passage of the Dream Act, Denisse won't be able to  come home. She won't be able to stay. All of the education that has  gotten her here--a top-notch university and a top-notch hospital, I  assume as an intern or a resident at this time--she wouldn't have the  proper work authorization or accompanying documents, and our country  would be denied a highly qualified, motivated doctor.   In closing, I really believe we have a moral obligation to do all we  can to shield these young people from deportation. Remember, they did  not break the law. They were brought here as children, many as babies.  Some don't know the language of the land from whence they came. They  all speak English very well. They want the American dream. They are  motivated, and they are patriotic. I was listening to a young person  the other day, and all she wanted to do was be in the military. She is  ROTC and wants to be in the military. You know, these are the people  who make this country great, and we can't forsake them.   Thank you, Mr. President.   