 Mr. Speaker, it is no surprise that the Democrats today  are upset, that they are complaining that they don't like this bill,  because their number one goal all along, and I have heard them say it  to me in conversations over the years, their number one goal was to go  to a single-payer system. They wanted government-run health care, and  we are on the track to that today.   In fact, in my home State of South Dakota, at one time, we had 17  options and companies that people could shop for their healthcare  policies from. Today we have two.   We are well down our road now to giving them exactly what they want.  They hate this bill because it puts people back in control of their own  health care. It doesn't let some bureaucrat in Washington, D.C., decide  what treatment they can get in the future. It lets people decide that  with their doctors.   This is a vote, today, for freedom for people who have lived under  the bureaucracy of the Federal Government not giving them options on  how to take care of themselves and their families.   Rising costs, shrinking options, increasing bureaucracy under  ObamaCare has taken healthcare control away from patients, away from  people, away from families struggling to pay their bills; and, against  their best and own common sense and household budgets, they are forced  to pay $10,000, $15,000, $20,000 more per year for health coverage,  health coverage which has a deductible so high that they don't even  utilize it then because they can no way meet the $6,500 deductible,  $10,000 deductible, $12,000 deductible. So they don't even use it at  all if they do have it. Their stories are reflected in all the data  that we have seen.   One hundred percent of the healthcare options on healthcare.gov in  South Dakota have seen double-digit rate increases. Meanwhile, the  number of providers families have to choose from has gotten much, much  worse.   We have a responsibility to eliminate ObamaCare's individual and  employer mandates, which today's legislation does. It also abolishes  the taxes that were included in ObamaCare, up to $1 trillion of taxes  that were put on health care in order to pay for the bill, which will  be eliminated as well.   If left in place, the health insurance tax alone will raise costs on  families up to $5,000 over the next decade.   Bipartisan congressional Members have repeatedly opposed taxpayer  funding of abortions, and that is fixed in this bill as well.   When we talk about health care, we are talking about something very  personal, which is why I want patients put back in control.   