 Mr. President, I rise in favor of amendment No. 82.  This amendment would make it so anyone in Congress trying to destroy  the Affordable Care Act would not be allowed to touch women's health  care services.   I have been listening to my colleague from Montana and my colleagues  in this Chamber speak about health care in our country, and after many  hours, I am worried there is a lack of concern. I am worried there is a  basic lack of empathy of what is going to actually happen to millions  of Americans, and I am particularly worried about what will happen to  women and their children and their families. So I want to spend a  moment just talking about what the ACA actually provides for women and  what actually will happen when it is no longer there.   I am very concerned that we are barely 1 week into the new Congress  and too many of my colleagues have already made it clear that their  most urgent priority this year is to take our country back to its  darker days when women could be denied coverage and charged higher  health care premiums just because they are women. I am outraged by  this, and I stand with millions of American women and men, moms and  dads, sons and daughters who are outraged too. The Affordable Care Act  uniquely gave women access to health care on a level that was  unprecedented. In fact, 9.5 million more women now have access to basic  health care because of that law.   In my State alone, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, women can now  have access to contraceptive care, cancer screenings, and mammograms.  Millions of women who were pregnant or survived diseases like cancer  are able to keep seeing their doctors without fear that their health  insurance companies will take it away, but too many people in this  Chamber don't seem to understand that consequence or seem to care about  that consequence. After years of talking about it, some of my  colleagues now seem determined--even entitled--to take away this  lifesaving health care for millions of women.   The election in November was not about women's health care. No one  came to Congress with a mandate to take away women's access to  mammograms and cancer screenings, but now we are one big step closer to  once again making it impossible for millions of American women to see a  doctor when they need to in order to access basic medicine and  reproductive health care services so they can live healthy, happy,  productive lives. For some, there is a very real risk that if they do  get cancer or some other life-threatening disease, they will have to  declare bankruptcy just to pay for the health care they need. This is  something we must stand together to stop. It will show the American  people that we understand what is happening to them. The consequences  are too real and too dangerous, and for too many families the  consequences are actually life or death.   We should never go back to the days when insurance companies can tell  a woman: You are no longer economic for us. We can't make money  insuring pregnant women. We cannot go back to the days where insurance  companies can tell a breast cancer survivor to go elsewhere because  their insurance costs too much. I don't think we can ever go back to  the days when insurance companies can simply charge women more for the  same plan than men. We should not turn back women's basic health care  rights.   My amendment makes it very clear that the Senate would be forbidden  from directing the committees to cut funding for basic women's health  care services. It would ensure that the women's health care protections  we put into the Affordable Care Act would stay there and women would  have access going forward. It protects vital services such as disease  screenings and comprehensive reproductive care that millions of women  in my State rely on.   If my colleagues destroy the Affordable Care Act, it will have real,  direct, and painful consequences for a lot of women and the families  who love them. I think it would be what we call the ultimate overreach  by Congress, and it would take years to fix.   I urge my colleagues to not let these protections be taken away from  American women and their families, and I urge my colleagues to join me  in supporting this very simple amendment.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose the amendment of the  Senator from Nebraska. While we all support community health centers,  and they are very useful in the State of New York as well, this is just  another attempt to end the protections the Affordable Care Act provides  for women.   Nothing in this amendment will say that you cannot charge women more  for health care just because they are women. Nothing in this amendment  will say that you cannot charge women for health care or drop their  coverage when they become pregnant. Nothing in this amendment provides  for any restrictions on discrimination.   It does not provide the mammograms, the preventive care services, the  contraception care, and other affordable cancer screenings that women  need. This amendment does not protect women's health care. They will  still be discriminated against, charged more, and drop coverage as soon  as they become pregnant. It is not acceptable.   I raise a point of order that the pending amendment is not germane to  the underlying resolution and therefore violates section 305(b)(2) of  the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of amendment  No. 82. This amendment protects women's health care.   Under the Affordable Care Act, we made many changes that made a huge  difference in the lives of everyday American families. It said to women  in America: You can't be charged more just because you are a woman. It  said: You can't be dropped from coverage when you become pregnant.   Imagine becoming pregnant and having your insurer drop your coverage  because you no longer are economic or you cost too much money. Imagine  being a cancer survivor and then having your coverage dropped because  you survived cancer and you cost too much money.   In the Affordable Care Act, we made sure contraception, preventive  care service, health care screenings, and mammograms were affordable  and accessible. If we take that away, these families are left without  the basic care they need to survive.   So if you love women and you love your mothers and daughters and  wives, please do not unwind the Affordable Care Act. We need women's  health protected, and that is what this amendment does.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of  that act for the purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the  yeas and nays.    Madam Clerk, how am I recorded?    I vote no--   --on behalf of all the women who need health care.   