 Mr. President, I wish to speak about the so-called  Republican tax reform bill.   When it comes to revising our tax system, I assumed there were two  things my Republican colleagues would agree with me on.   First, that tax reform doesn't increase taxes for middle-class  families and, second, that tax reform wouldn't balloon the deficit.   Unfortunately, I was wrong on both counts. The bill that is before us  does both of those things. Candidly, I'm surprised that anyone can even  call this bill tax reform with a straight face.   I think it is clear to all of us and to the American people that this  bill is nothing more than a windfall tax cut for big corporations and  rich Americans.   There were no hearings on this bill with outside groups. There was no  transparency in the drafting of this bill, and much like the healthcare  debacle, the result is a mess that not even all Republicans are  supporting.   This bill would blow a $1.4 trillion hole in our deficit. This bill  would raise taxes on many working families by gutting important  deductions like for State and local taxes. This bill would leave 13  million Americans without health insurance. This bill even has riders  in it to allow drilling in pristine areas of the Alaskan wilderness.   The bill takes all of these destructive actions just to put more  money in the pockets of corporations and the richest Americans.   This bill is one of the most fiscally irresponsible bills I have seen  in quite some time.   In fact, I don't ever recall a tax bill on the Senate floor that  drives up our deficit this much.   Republicans are trying to convince Americans that these huge tax cuts  for the rich will pay for themselves. Well, that is just not going to  happen.   If you don't believe me, listen to all the economists who agree that  this bill won't accomplish the goals that Republicans are claiming.   While a higher deficit is bad enough on its own, I fear that  Republicans will use this as an excuse to gut vital programs like  Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay for it.   I can think of better ways to spend $1.4 trillion than cutting taxes  for the rich. Imagine how many jobs would be created if we invested  that money in rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure or the jobs  created if we invested in clean energy solutions to reduce our  dependence on fossil fuels. We could invest in education to prepare our  students to compete in the new economy, or we could invest in our  veterans by improving the care they receive at VA hospitals.   Instead, Republicans want to waste that money lining the pockets of  millionaires and billionaires, and it is the middle class who will pay  the price.   Every day I hear from Californians who are worried about this bill  and what it means for their family's budgets.   Here are some of their stories.   Raleigh is a middle-class retiree in Davis, CA. He wrote me to say  that his taxes would go up nearly $4,000 a year. He simply can't afford  such a drastic tax increase on his fixed budget.   Mary lives in Berkeley, CA. She said the effects of this bill will be  higher health insurance premiums because the bill goes after the  individual mandate in the Affordable Care Act. The increased costs  could mean she will have  [[Page S7554]]  to choose between buying health insurance or paying for her daughter's  college tuition.   Michael is a senior in Los Angeles. He is afraid he will have to sell  his house due to the elimination of the property tax deduction.   Carol, who lives in Sacramento, tells me that her family's taxes  would go up almost $12,000 a year, making it harder for her to save for  retirement.   These are just a few stories about the hardships that Americans will  face because of this bill.   In fact, more than half of American households will pay more in taxes  under the Republican plan. That is appalling.   Californians will be particularly hurt by the elimination of the  State and local tax deduction.   Since the national income tax was created in 1913, Americans have  been able to prevent double taxation by deducting state and local  taxes.   In 2015, more than 6 million California households claimed this  deduction, and the average amount deducted was $18,400.   Even Americans who don't claim the SALT deduction will be hurt by  this proposal.   Funding for critical services like schools, and police and fire  departments would be in jeopardy as communities bear the impact of the  increased tax burden on families.   This bill also renews the Republican's assault on the Affordable Care  Act. The bill would drive up healthcare costs by repealing the  individual mandate.   If this passes, prices in the marketplace would skyrocket, increasing  by almost 10 percent each year, making healthcare unaffordable for many  families. The result would be 13 million fewer people with healthcare.   One group, however, is the clear winner, and that is big  corporations.   The Republican tax bill permanently slashes the corporate tax rate  from 35 percent to 20 percent.   They will get to keep deductions taken away from ordinary people,  allowing companies to drive their executive tax rate down further.   For instance, corporations will still be able to deduct State and  local taxes they pay, while middle-class families won't be allowed to.   Under the Republican plan, corporate tax cuts are made permanent,  keeping their tax rates low. Meanwhile, the lower tax rates for the  middle class would disappear, further shifting the tax burden onto  American families.   The misplaced priorities in this tax cut bill are bad for families  and bad for America. This bill is being rushed through in large part  because it is harmful to families. It clearly skews to benefit big  corporations and the rich. It explodes our deficit, leaving the middle- class to pay the tab.   I cannot support this bill, and I urge my Republican colleagues to  join me in opposing it.   Scrap this fiscally irresponsible legislation, and work with  Democrats on true tax reform that puts the middle class first.   