 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 58, which would  dismantle key protections of teacher preparation programs.  Unfortunately, this joint resolution is part of a much larger effort by  my colleagues to remove crucial safeguards from the education sector  and move us backwards.   In my time on the San Diego School Board, the California legislature,  and the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I found one  thing to be a constant: studies find time and time again that a quality  teacher makes the most important impact on a child's success in school.   So I am finding it difficult to understand why anyone would support  this joint resolution that decreases the quality of the very programs  responsible for training our teachers.   H.J. Res. 58 undoes years of hard work on both sides of the aisle to  develop vital safeguards that ensure transparency and quality in  teacher preparation programs. This provision plays a significant role  in ensuring that teaching programs across the country work with  educators to develop curriculum that trains teachers most effectively.  Beyond this specific protection, it is important to keep in mind the  damage that Congressional Review Acts can do to key safeguards on the  books.   H.J. Res. 58 takes away the possibility of the Department of  Education coming back to rethink these protections and takes a sword to  the language where a scalpel should be used.   I know that many of my colleagues have concerns about the burdens  that these protections have on our schools. Rightly so. But it is  important to remember that, behind many of these safeguards, there is a  student whose future is at stake.   I have heard countless stories from students in my district who have  been defrauded by schools that they trusted with their time and their  money. I think it is important to remind my colleagues across the aisle  that those are the people who we have been elected to serve, students  who seek higher education as a means to a brighter future and often  find themselves no better off at the end of years of hard work.    So if my Republican colleagues want to discuss changes to the teacher  preparation program provisions when we hopefully reauthorize the Higher  Education Act this Congress, I am certainly open to having that  discussion. If they want to get creative about increasing the quality  and the efficiency of our schools, I will be the first person to sit  down and have those discussions.   But if they want to deregulate just for the sake of deregulation,  well, I have to stand up for our students. If they want to, as Jerry  Falwell recently implied, undo vital components of title 9 safeguards  against sexual assault on our campuses, I am hopeful that my colleagues  from both sides of the aisle will refuse.   Mr. Speaker, we were elected to this House to protect all of our  constituents, including the most vulnerable members of our society.  Nowhere is that more critical than where it pertains to the young  people who are the most important investments that we can make as a  country.   For every student who is defrauded by a school, not given an  opportunity because of their socioeconomic background, or drowning in  debt, we are holding back one more person who could be contributing to  our economy and to our society. We are giving one more person the wrong  start in their adult lives, and the impact of that debt often affects  their parents, their spouses, and children for years.   I hope that my colleagues realize that it is in our best interest to  protect students and not corporations. That it is in our best interest  to safeguard equity and accessibility in our schools, and not for- profit schools who donate millions to encourage deregulation.   I am hopeful that instead of taking an ax to the many protections  that we developed for our students, my colleagues will join me in  discussing the most responsible way, the best way that we can increase  quality and efficiency in our schools.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).   Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis) for yielding.   I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57 and 58 that undermine  equity in public education.   Until I moved to Chicago when I was 19, I attended segregated schools  because our States failed to follow Federal laws and the Federal  Government demonstrated weak enforcement. The Civil Rights Act and the  Elementary and Secondary Education Act advanced equal educational  opportunity for African-American students and other students who faced  discrimination and barriers in education, making this country stronger  and better.   During Black History Month, the GOP will advance a bill to undermine  the educational civil rights of African-American students. The scope of  this joint resolution of disapproval clearly reflects the  discrimination and the intent. It doesn't target a narrow regulation.  It encompasses each of the critical civil rights elements of ESSA--data  collection and reporting to ensure transparency about whether schools  are educating vulnerable students comparably to other students, and  accountability to ensure that schools take action to improve and  receive support in meeting the needs of all students. To do so leaves  States confused and Federal protections for disadvantaged students  hollow.   H.J. Res. 57 is an extreme, calculated effort to promote  discrimination, removing any transparency and accountability related to  educational civil rights.   African-American students do not yet have equal educational  opportunity. Black students are suspended and expelled three times the  rate that their White peers are, only about two-thirds of Black  students graduate high school on time compared to 86 percent of White  students, and one in three Black men who start as a full-time student  at a university graduate with a bachelor's degree within 6 years.   Students with disabilities, English language learners, low-income  students, Latino students, and Native-American students also do not yet  enjoy equal educational opportunity. This resolution will erase this  data and allow schools that continue these disparities to continue  performing poorly in perpetuity.   Out of respect for our country's history of educational  discrimination against vulnerable students, out of respect for Black  History Month, and out of respect for the American value of equal  opportunity, I ask my colleagues to reject this discriminatory  resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Espaillat).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).    Mr. Speaker, I just want to comment because  I was a little confused by what the gentleman said. I believe that we  want to be sure that teachers who get TEACH grants are doing that at  schools that have shown the capacity and the ability to really help  children achieve. And so that is why we want to direct them into those  schools particularly.   Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    I yield the gentleman such time as he may  consume.    I yield the gentleman such time as he may  consume.    I yield the gentleman such time as he may  consume.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   We are actually talking about two of these joint resolutions, both  H.J. Res. 57 and H.J. Res. 58, and are looking at accountability  measures. Sometimes I think people forget, actually, that the first  time that Common Core was mentioned in Federal law was in ESSA, the  most recently reauthorized legislation for elementary and secondary  education. That was done because we agreed to do that, because we felt  that it was important to call it out while, at the same time, being  careful to look at our local and our State authorities and have them  come together and make the decisions that they think are best for their  students. That has been the tradition, and that is why it is important  that we have those folks in place in our local school districts.    As a former school board member, I know that those are where the real  decisions are made for kids, but we need to see in which area and why  we have a Federal role. I think, even at the hearing that we had in the  Education and the Workforce Committee today, the Republicans' witnesses  acknowledged that there is an importance of a Federal role. It is in  accountability and responsibility and in acknowledging that sometimes  it is important to give direction to States and to give direction to  local school districts as well.   That is really what we are trying to do here. We are trying to do it  in a smart way, and we are trying to do it in a way so that we can  realize, in the future, there may be changes that need to be made and  that those changes may require Congresses of the future to look at  particular protections and see if they are redundant, if they are  necessary, or if, maybe, they take us in the wrong direction. What we  are talking about today gives us no hope that we will be able to do  that. We are basically writing in stone that we will never have to go  back--that we can't go back--and look at some of those protections.  That is the wrong thing to do.   We all know that, with one protection or another, of course, there  can be problems. We don't want to ignore that, but we want to be sure  that, particularly when we are looking at teacher prep programs, for  example, we are looking at the data that is coming together that  suggests whether some programs are more beneficial for the achievement  of young people in our schools than others.   Boy, I sure hope as a school board member that we have the  information that is available to people, because we can get that at a  national level that we can't necessarily all get at the State level. It  is important to know what processes are in place. Some of these  protections that the Federal Government has created are giving  direction to that. They are saying here are ways to look at your  program and decide whether, in fact, they are doing exactly what you  think they should be doing.   The most important part is that we are getting feedback from our  teachers. This is a process that is so critical, that of having people  who are on the ground who know what they are talking about. We are  responsive to that, and those were some of the processes that we used  in the Department of Education as well. I am not going to tell you that  each one is perfect. I just want us to have a way to look at them and  to understand how they impact our teachers. I want all teachers who  want to succeed with kids, who are not in teaching for financial  reimbursement, to be there because they really believe in kids and  because they believe in their ability to succeed, and they want to be  sure that they have the tools, that they have the resources, to do  that. Many of the protections that we are talking about provide that  kind of help and assistance.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Scott), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the  Workforce.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time to close.   I think this has been a good discussion, and I think that the hearing  that we had today was even an opening as well at looking at this issue.   I think no matter what side of the aisle one was on, you couldn't  necessarily distinguish the witnesses because it was important that we  say that there is a smart way to do this and, frankly, there is kind of  a stupid way to do it. Because we want to be sure that the consequences  of our actions are not ones that would be impacting our children down  the road.   So we have to go about this in a measured way, in a smart way. I  actually believe that we all have the capacity to do that. There is no  question in my mind that we can't do that in a way that really asks the  right questions: Why are those protections there? Why did they  establish those regulations and protections?   So that we can track and understand what is behind them.   I really do remember that, as a school board member, now and then,  there was some frustration over something within the special education  arena. But when you went back and you looked at why that came about, it  was because there was a child who represented a problem in the system  because we didn't do the right thing. We realized that it wasn't just  that child, but it was many children who could be affected in the same  way.   That is what we have to look at: Why are they there? How can we  change them? How can we be smart about it and make sure that we don't  do something that, in the end, will harm our education system and even  impact those children who really are the most vulnerable that we would  not want to impact under any circumstances?   So, Mr. Speaker, let's work together on this. Unfortunately, what  this does today is it takes away that ability to use, I think, the  goodwill of our committee to do the right thing. I hope that my  colleagues will agree with that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   