 Mr. President, before I begin on the nomination before  us, I wish to first echo what so many of my colleagues--Democrats and  Republicans--and millions of people across the country have made very  clear today: enough with all of the partisanship around healthcare,  enough with playing politics with people's lives, and enough with the  repeated attempts to roll back all of our progress and move our country  backward.   It is time that we drop Graham-Cassidy, drop TrumpCare, once and for  all, and join together to actually work to improve healthcare, starting  with acting right now to lower premiums for families and strengthen  healthcare in a bipartisan way.   That has been my message to colleagues all along. The truth is that I  know many of my Republican colleagues prefer a bipartisan route. They  have said as much in the last TrumpCare debate, in the very productive  discussions we have had in and outside of the HELP Committee, and in  many of their comments over the past few days.   It begs this question: Why are we in this spot yet again?   People across the country have been demanding for months to turn the  page on TrumpCare. Instead of working in a bipartisan way to actually  help people, a few of our colleagues have now pushed through yet  another reckless repeal bill that is even worse than the previous  TrumpCare version. It is a bill that will increase costs for families,  especially seniors and people with preexisting conditions.   It will allow insurance companies once again to charge people more  for basic healthcare, such as maternity care, mental health services,  and more, and it will take away women's access to care at health  centers like Planned Parenthood and result in millions of people across  the country losing their Medicaid. Just like last time, the bill has  not been subject to any real hearings, public debate, or even a  complete and thorough CBO score.   Let's be clear. This bill is not a new proposal. It is not serious  policy. It is not regular order. It is yet another version of TrumpCare  that would be devastating for people across the country.   This is actually pretty simple because there is a clear alternative  path before us. Let's do what my colleague, the senior Senator from  Arizona, and so many others have so bravely called for once again and  return to working together.   As I have said, I wholeheartedly agree with my colleague from Arizona  that the right way to get things done in the Senate--especially on an  issue as important to families as their healthcare--is through regular  order and finding common ground. That is why I am still at the table  ready to keep working. I remain confident that we can reach a  bipartisan agreement as soon as this latest partisan approach by  Republican leaders is finally set aside.   Mr. President, I come to the floor today on the nomination before us  and to urge my colleagues to vote no on William Emanuel to be a Member  of the National Labor Relations Board.   On the campaign trail, President Trump promised to put workers first,  but instead this administration has rolled back worker protections and  prioritized corporate interests at the expense of our workers. It is  critical today, more than ever, that the NLRB remain what it is  supposed to be--independent and committed to protecting workers' rights  to organize and to bargain collectively.   I am deeply concerned that President Trump's nominee, Mr. Emanuel,  will use his place on the Board to advocate for corporations and  special interests. As a corporate lawyer fighting on the side of  management, Mr. Emanuel has spent decades repeatedly undermining  workers and their efforts to unionize.   It is the core mission of the NLRB to encourage collective  bargaining. Given his long anti-worker track record, I am afraid that  workers' fundamental rights are not safe in his hands.   I urge my colleagues to join me tonight in doing what President Trump  has failed to do and to start working to put working families first and  to vote against this nomination.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Paul Thomas,  a detailee in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of the first session of the  115th Congress.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Paul Thomas,  a detailee in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of the first session of the  115th Congress.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   