 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today, as I have on a number of  occasions in the past, to express the urgent need for action to protect  the retirement security of our Nation's coal miners. Because of  bankruptcies that have decimated the coal industry, we have lost over  22,000 jobs in our State, but more than 22,000 retired coal miners and  their spouses are at risk of losing their healthcare benefits at the  end of April.  [[Page S2184]]    I have visited with retired miners from all across West Virginia to  discuss this situation. During the February congressional recess, I  visited the Cabin Creek Health Center in West Virginia. The Cabin Creek  Health Center serves hundreds of coal miners and their families. They  provide pulmonary rehabilitation services for miners suffering from  black lung. They also provide primary care services for miners and  other members of their community. During my visit, I met with several  retired miners who would lose their health insurance coverage if  Congress fails to act. These individuals are suffering from serious  medical conditions and were unsure how they would afford their  healthcare if they were to lose their current coverage.   Just 2 weeks ago, I met with about a dozen retired miners from West  Virginia who came to Washington to support the Miners Protection Act  and to stand up for their hard-earned retirement benefits. Other groups  of West Virginia miners have come to Washington over the past few  months. All have carried one message to Congress: Keep the promise of  our lifetime health benefits. On March 1, thousands of miners received  notice that their health insurance would be terminated in 60 days. Most  of these same people received that very same message just last October.  As I listen to their stories, it is hard to imagine the worry these  notices cause for miners and their families.   In December 2016, Congress included language in the continuing  appropriations legislation that preserved health coverage for these  retired miners for just 4 months. While that provision kept mining  families from losing their health coverage--which is good--at the end  of last year, a permanent solution is critically needed.   The 4-month provision from the December CR expires at the end of this  month. It is vital--vital--that Congress take action within the next  few weeks to provide healthcare and peace of mind for these miners in  West Virginia and across coal country. Our retired miners deserve their  promised healthcare coverage and should not have to receive another  cancellation notice or another Band-Aid solution. We have a bipartisan  vehicle for action. I have worked closely with Senator Joe Manchin,  Senator Rob Portman, and others to introduce and promote the bipartisan  Miners Protection Act, which would preserve healthcare and pension  benefits for our miners. Our bill passed the Senate Finance Committee  last year by a bipartisan vote of 18 to 8. I also would like to thank  the majority leader, Senator Mitch McConnell, because he has introduced  legislation that would provide a permanent healthcare solution for our  miners.   With all of us pulling together and with us working together, I am  confident the Senate will act before the end of this month to continue  these critical healthcare benefits for our miners. I ask my colleagues  for their support in addressing this important issue for our working  families.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.   