 Mr. President, before I begin, I want to make something  absolutely clear. This healthcare fight is anything but over. TrumpCare  is not dead--not even close--and we cannot let up. It is no surprise  that Senate Republicans needed another week to try to jam their  TrumpCare bill through, given everything it would mean for families'  health, their financial security, and their lives.   So, while we do not know what kind of backroom deals the Senate  Republicans will cut or which Republicans will decide that they care  more about toeing the party line than protecting the patients and  families in their States, here is what we do know. The majority leader  is not going to give up. He wants to get to yes, and so does President  Trump, so the backroom deals and arm-twisting are going to go into  overdrive starting now.   That is why my message is, to every patient and family, every mom and  dad, adult caregiver, doctor, nurse, teacher, anyone who believes  TrumpCare would be devastating for their communities: Do not let up the  pressure. We saw what happened in the House. We need to keep fighting,  and Democrats are going to keep fighting along with all of you.   One has to ask, given how mean this bill is and how clearly patients  and families are rejecting it, why are my Republican colleagues pushing  ahead?   It is not like this is some kind of forgone conclusion. At any  moment, Republicans can drop this effort and work with Democrats on  healthcare policies that will actually help patients and families and  not hurt them. Yet it is clear right now that Republican leaders are  not interested. In fact, they have done just about everything possible  to prevent not just Democrats but anyone, including most of their own  party, from being involved in this process.   As Democrats have made clear, this is unprecedented. I was here when  the Affordable Care Act was debated and passed. We organized dozens of  bipartisan meetings. We held hearings, and we took amendments from both  sides. We certainly did not leave the fate of women's healthcare up to  a few men.   Yet, with the Republican's TrumpCare plan, there have been no  hearings, and there has been no scrutiny, no public input, no expert  testimony. Why is that? It is that their bill is not actually about  healthcare--far from it. Their bill is about giving a massive gift to  the wealthy and the already well-connected on the backs of children,  working families, the sick, and the elderly. It is an enormous broken  promise, and yesterday's CBO report made that alarmingly clear.   Republican leaders promised to lower healthcare costs. This plan will  actually raise them, especially for seniors. They promised not to pull  the rug out from under patients, but this plan would take coverage from  24 million people and gut Medicaid with even deeper cuts, by the way,  than would the House's version. Under their bill, they said no one  would be worse off. Tell that to a woman who would have to pay as much  as $1,000 extra for maternity care or who would have to see her local  Planned Parenthood center closed. They said their bill would protect  patients who have preexisting conditions. Read the fine print. The fine  print says, this plan is a backdoor way of putting those patients'  fates in the hands of the insurance companies.  [[Page S3793]]    This is truly shameful.   Republican leaders promised they were committed to tackling our  growing opioid epidemic, but with this plan, all of our efforts--all of  the work left to be done by the States--would be at risk. That would be  incredibly harmful.   Over the past year, I have met so many families in my home State of  Washington who have lost a loved one to the opioid crisis--in  Bellingham, in Spokane, in Yakima, in the Tri-Cities--in community  after community. I know the same stories are actually being told in  West Virginia, in Ohio, in Kentucky, and in Pennsylvania--in States all  across our country. I have heard directly from people who are on the  path to recovery who have told me how their getting treatment and  Medicaid coverage changed their lives for the better.   What will they do under TrumpCare?   I would be ashamed, too, if I had to defend this cruel bill over the  upcoming recess. I would be ashamed if I had to explain this bill to  constituents of mine like Jennifer England.   Jennifer is a woman from Kent, WA. She is a mom, a softball coach,  and a cancer survivor. Because of coverage she had under the Medicaid  expansion, she decided to play it safe and go to the doctor to get a  lump checked out, something she told me she would not have done before.  Jennifer was diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma. It was about to  spread to her lungs and could have been deadly. Jennifer went through  rounds of chemo and trip after trip to the doctor. On March 8--her  daughter's 18th birthday--she was finally able to tell her daughter she  was in the clear. Now Jennifer is terrified of what this bill would  mean for her finances, for her family, and for her life if her Medicaid  coverage goes away.   I would be ashamed if I had to defend this bill to Kelly Hill, from  Seattle.   I met Kelly during a recent tour of Seattle's International Community  Health Services clinic. Kelly shared with me that she has been living  with HIV for 17 years and has a son with a severe developmental  disability. Fortunately, Kelly told me she was able to get Medicaid  when she needed it the most, in graduate school, when she was first  diagnosed and when she was pregnant with her son.   Today, her son Avram is 15 years old and cannot be left unattended.  He is going to need expensive care and support for the rest of his  life. Medicaid plays a crucial role in keeping Avram active at home, in  their community, and it allows Kelly the opportunity to have a full- time job so she can support her family. Kelly knows just how important  access to healthcare is and the harm and uncertainty TrumpCare will  cause.   I want to be very clear. If Republicans jam through TrumpCare this  month, they will own the consequences. They will have to defend this  bill to people like Jennifer and Kelly in their own States, and they  will be responsible for increasing families' healthcare costs,  undermining protections for people with preexisting conditions,  defunding Planned Parenthood, and allowing insurance companies to  charge women more. They will be responsible for taking away care for  seniors, pregnant women, and people with disabilities.   Again, Republican leaders can still choose to drop TrumpCare once and  for all. I am not going to take any chances, though, and neither should  anyone who is listening who joins Democrats in opposing TrumpCare. I  fully expect the backroom deals to continue and to get even worse now  that Republican leaders have been forced to delay this week's vote. I  just hope the Republicans who are rightly concerned about the impact of  TrumpCare will take a close look at the facts on the table, will  recognize it is time to change course, and will stand strong for their  constituents.   That is what this debate should be about, making sure the people whom  we represent can count on the security of healthcare when they get sick  so they will not have to consider forgoing treatment for a sick child  because they do not have the money and so they will be treated fairly  and equally in our healthcare system.   That is what I have been thinking about these last several weeks. It  is why Democrats have been holding the floor all of these nights,  participating in rallies, and staying out on the Capitol steps. It is  why my friend, the senior Senator from Hawaii, took to the floor  yesterday and bravely talked about what this fight now means to her  personally. As she said, everyone is only one diagnosis away from a  serious illness, and no one should have to worry about what he will do  if and when that moment comes.   In this country, healthcare should be a right, not a privilege  reserved for the few. That is what Democrats are going to keep fighting  for, and we will not let up.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   