 Mr. President, first I thank Chairman Alexander for his  leadership in launching a bipartisan process, as well as his dedication  to seeing it through and getting a result, as he said.   I have to say that, after 7 years of intense partisanship on these  issues, which would lead everyone to believe that there was no hope for  Republicans and Democrats to come together and work to strengthen our  healthcare, I am really pleased with this common ground we have been  able to find, providing multiple years of certainty when it comes to  payments to reduce out-of-pocket costs that affect the people Senator  Alexander just talked about--the waitress, the songwriter, and people  who care and need this--restoring critical investments, making sure  people know about enrollment and can get coverage, and offering States  more flexibility to innovate, as the Affordable Care Act intended,  while maintaining those essential health benefits, like maternity care,  protecting people with preexisting conditions, and the elderly. It does  all this while making sure that costs do go down for our families and  preventing insurers from double-dipping and getting the benefit of both  cost reduction and higher premiums. If there are ways to do this even  more, to make sure patients come first and insurers can't pad their  profits, I, as I know Senator Alexander is, as well, am open to that.   Chairman Alexander just took some time to lay out the policies we are  putting forward in this legislation. So I will not go into those  details. But I do want to take a few minutes to focus on what this  legislation would mean for the people we are all here to serve because  what is really at stake is that patients and families across the  country are now looking ahead to next year, and they are realizing they  are about to pay the price for the uncertainty and partisanship we have  seen, especially from this administration, on healthcare over the last  9 months.   To many of those families, that out-of-pocket cost-reduction payment  we are debating in Congress has nothing to do with politics and has  everything to do with whether they will be able to make ends meet at  the end of the month. Now the law is very clear that these payments are  required, but with the President's decision to stop them, families are  looking to this Congress and the administration and asking what we plan  to do.   So I am very glad that Democrats and Republicans agreed that we need  to act. We could do much better working together under regular order  rather than doubling down on partisanship and dysfunction. As a result  of the hard work of Chairman Alexander and members of our HELP  Committee and with input from half of the Senate, we were able to put  forward an answer--a bipartisan solution that prevents families from  paying the price of sabotage and uncertainty and one that Members on  both sides of the aisle can be proud to support, starting with the list  of original cosponsors we are revealing today. Senator Alexander listed  the 12 Republicans. The 12 Democrats are Senators Murray, King,  Shaheen, Donnelly, Klobuchar, Heitkamp, Franken, Manchin, Carper,  Baldwin, McCaskill and Hassan.   We are doing this today not only because it will help protect our  families from premium spikes that are set to kick off in the next year  but because it sends a powerful message that, when Members of Congress  decide to get past our talking points and take a few steps out of our  partisan corners, there is a lot we can agree on and a lot we can get  done.   Chairman Alexander and I are going to continue to make the case for  this agreement. We are already getting a promising response from many  Members on both sides of the aisle. I am very appreciative of Senator  Schumer for his strong support and I am optimistic that, with Chairman  Alexander working on this, we will continue to build momentum and, as  he said, we will get this done.   At the end of the day, this isn't about Republicans or Democrats. It  is about doing the right thing for the people we serve. That means  having an answer to the premium spikes that are going to set in and  burden our families next year. We have been able to find one. It is  bipartisan. We both gave on this. I really hope all of our colleagues  will work with us to get this signed into law and show the American  public that we can get the job done for them and we understand the  priorities of this country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I would respond to my colleague, through  the Chair, that negotiations are always tough. There are things you  disagree on, and you have to work your way to an answer. The one issue  we did not disagree on but we worked the hardest on and had the most  discussion on was how we make sure we have the language in place on  this--that consumers benefit and it is not a bailout for insurers. We  absolutely share that point, and I know we both heard from Members on  both sides of the aisle that they share that point.   We have strong language in here, but we are still open together to  make it stronger under anybody's suggestion because our intent is to  make sure our constituents get the result of this. We are together on  that and working on that. I, absolutely, disregard anyone who says this  is a bailout for insurers because they haven't read the bill, if they  have seen it.   I thank Senator Alexander for his attention, discussions, and hard  work to reach this point.    Mr. President, Republicans have now put forward proposal  after proposal to rip protections away from Americans with preexisting  conditions. This amendment is yet another example of Republican efforts  to increase costs for people who need healthcare the most. It would put  insurance companies back in charge. It would allow them to deny  coverage to people with preexisting conditions or discriminate against  them by charging higher premiums.   This repeals the essential health benefits, rips away access to  critical services like maternity care, mental health, and substance use  disorder treatment, and repeals the requirement that coverage be  available to dependents under the age of 26.   Americans have rejected this crass partisan proposal. It is long past  time to focus on bipartisan proposals like the one that Senator  Alexander and I announced today that actually protects people with  preexisting conditions while bringing down premiums for patients and  family.   I urge a ``no'' vote.    I object.   