 Madam President, I wish to thank my colleague from  Missouri for highlighting a lot of the good work of this past year in  the Senate and touching on some highlights, particularly in the  veterans area, that have great impact across the country. It is  something on which we all joined together compassionately, wanting to  help our veterans and wanting to make sure they get the best care in  the best way as quickly as possible, and I appreciate his highlighting  that.   I wish to highlight the positive change that this Republican majority  has brought to the American people in the first year of President  Trump's administration. I am going to talk about a few different things  than my colleague from Missouri, and I think you would expect that. I  come from the State of West Virginia. Certain policies impact us  differently, and so that is what having the time to talk about our  accomplishments over the past year gives us the ability to do.   I can't begin without talking about one of the biggest and boldest  actions that we have taken this week, and that is our pro-growth tax  reform bill. Throughout the process, I traveled across the State and  heard from many constituents--friends and many strangers--all about  this effort. Not only at the beginning did they realize what a  difference this will make in their lives, but, as my colleague from  Missouri said, as we move through this year, when you start to see your  paychecks change and you bring home more of your own money because your  rate went down or when you begin to file in April, realizing that this  is the last time you have to file this complicated thing--I am going to  be able to make it easier on myself--families, workers, and small  businesses across our State are really counting on relief, and this  week we delivered on that.   In West Virginia, particularly when asked ``How is this really going  to help the bulk of the people in the middle-wage earning families?'' I  like to highlight the fact that in my State in particular, 83 percent  of our tax filers don't take itemizations. They file with the standard  deduction. That has now been doubled.   The child tax credit has been doubled, as the gentleman from Wyoming  said. It gives that child tax credit, and that goes right to the heart  of the middle-wage earning family trying to make ends meet at the end  of the day.   They are predictions, but we feel certain that with the doubling of  these deductions and this credit, more people will file on the smaller  form and also push that number to maybe over 90 percent.   This year, we also delivered on significant regulatory reforms,  especially in the energy realm, which is absolutely impactful in my  area of the country. Under the Congressional Review Act, the Senate has  repealed 14 of President Obama's very onerous regulations.   I led the effort to enact a CRA to fix the burdensome stream  protection rule. This rule really threatened what was left of the coal  industry in our region. The Obama-era rule would have prohibited many  forms of coal mining in Appalachia. I kept saying: Let's balance this.   Under Scott Pruitt's leadership, the EPA repealed the Clean Power  Plan--another onerous regulation with minimal benefit. We can do it  better, and I believe, in this EPA, we will.   For years, I asked the Obama administration--Madam President, we  serve on the same committee--I asked the EPA to come to my State and  see what the impacts are of the rules and the regulations that they are  putting forward. They never came. This year, the EPA finally answered  my calls and came to the State of West Virginia--the State capital,  Charleston, WV--to listen to both sides of those who will be impacted  by any regulations that the EPA puts forward.   We also reformed the waters of the United States--or WOTUS--rule,  which has severe impacts not only in the mining community but  particularly in the agriculture community and other industries in and  around the country.   Many parts of West Virginia continue to feel the impact of the  devastating floods that we suffered a year ago June. So with my service  on the Appropriations Committee, I worked diligently with others to  ensure that our community needs are met.   That is the great thing about this country. I know Texas certainly  and Florida, Puerto Rico, and other areas are weaving through these  devastating weather-related and natural disasters. With all the sadness  that is occurring and all the destruction that we see, the one thing we  appreciate as Americans is our ability to come together and help one  another. The first person I met when I was going to see the floods had  traveled 51\1/2\ hours with their church to come and help those who had  been flooded out of their homes. On the Appropriations Committee, we  were able to get more funding for damage to roads and other property  and individuals so that West Virginians could get back to work and  provide for their families.   I also focused my efforts on ensuring that our State had the  resources it needs to fight back against the continued devastation  wrought by the drug epidemic.   Just yesterday or today, the CDC came out with a report that had  lines on a graph that showed the different age groups and the number of  deaths that occurred because of opioids, and every line was going up.   The State of West Virginia has been particularly hard hit with this.  We have the highest rate of opioid drug overdose deaths per 100,000 of  any State in the Union.   I worked with the new CMS to try to help secure a Medicaid waiver  that would allow West Virginians to expand substance abuse treatment  and also services for Medicaid members and expand the ability for  treatment to be offered to folks who have Medicaid. I partnered with  officials from the Office of National Drug Control Policy to hear  directly from West Virginians at a roundtable. The Chief of Staff of  the White House office also participated in roundtables at the White  House.   In honor of West Virginian Jessie Grubb, Senator Manchin and I saw  the passage of Jessie's Law. This law bolsters our fight by requiring  HHS to develop standards for hospitals and health professionals on a  patient's history with addiction. Jessie Grubb admitted she was  addicted when she was in the hospital. She wasn't in the hospital for  addiction issues; she admitted she had an addiction problem. She left  with opioids. She didn't live another 24 hours. In her honor, Senator  Manchin and I have worked hard to see that this doesn't happen to  another family.   As West Virginia continues to be ground zero for this epidemic, I  won't stop my work for those who are suffering, including looking at  innovative solutions like those we have at Lily's Place in Huntington  for the babies who are born drug-exposed--again, innocent victims of  those rising lines I saw in the charts the CDC put forward.   We have been working with law enforcement to ensure that they have  the tools they need to administer emergency assistance, such as  naxolone, to those who may be overdosing, or build on telehealth  projects, demonstration projects that can help with substance abuse  treatment.   I have always said that we need a spectrum of solutions. As we look  back, we have done a lot. As we look forward, we have to do more  because the problem is getting worse.   I think we also have had tremendous success and impact in our quest  to connect West Virginia. I created a program called Capito Connect  that would move high-speed internet connectivity into the rural parts  of our country, in places like West Virginia that are underserved.  Through Capito Connect and my GO Act, we have seen accelerated  broadband access in West Virginia certainly but also in rural America.  I was able to work with the USDA to get our local communities a  consortium to secure a USDA loan to be able to move broadband to 9,000  more West Virginians.   So working with other agencies, EDA and others, on not just moving on  broadband but economic development projects, we have seen impacts in 45  of  [[Page S8204]]  the 55 counties that I represent but also being able to create an  associated 1,400 jobs.   Federal grants like these help not only our communities but our  universities, such as Marshall and West Virginia Universities, which  provide great benefits to our communities.   These are tangible achievements over the last year--both more global,  such as the tax reform, and more local, as in broadband deployment.   The Senate also plays an important role by giving advice and consent  on President Trump's nominations and confirming them. This year,  Republicans made significant progress in shaping the judiciary, most  certainly starting with the confirmation of our Supreme Court Justice  Neil Gorsuch. His strong record and straightforward approach are just  what we expect from a Supreme Court Justice. I was proud to vote for  his confirmation this year. We have also confirmed 12 circuit judges-- the highest number during a President's first year since 1891.   I am pleased to say that as of yesterday, we had confirmed both of  our U.S. attorneys in the State of West Virginia. I am very grateful  for that because this fight against opioids has to have the U.S.  attorney's help. It has to have the U.S. attorney aggression--not just  with law enforcement but also helping with treatment.   So this year, I am proud that we addressed a lot of America's  concerns. We have tackled challenges head-on and delivered real  results. I am proud that President Trump and his administration are  listening to the needs of small States like mine, West Virginia, and  working with me to deliver that relief.   It has been an honor for me to host some Cabinet members in the State  of West Virginia--I didn't see that over the last 8 years--Secretary  Perry, Secretary of Energy; Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary of Treasury;  and also the Secretary of Labor. We went on a coal mine tour with  Secretary Acosta. This helps them see the kinds of ups and downs of  life in rural and central United States--in Appalachia in particular.   We have a lot we have to do. We have a lot on our plate. I think it  is always this time of year that, in my personal life, I like to look  back at some of the great things that we have accomplished as a family  or for those whom I love or some of the things that happened to us that  maybe haven't been quite as good as we would have hoped. I also take  this time to be a grateful person, to be a grateful American, to be a  grateful West Virginian because we are so blessed with where we live  and how we live and the bounty of our friendships. But I also take the  time to look forward to what we are going to be able to do. So when I  see tax reform kicking in next year, in 2018, that is what I am going  to be looking forward to for so many hard-working West Virginians, so  many hard-working small business owners, and so many people who have  been waiting for years--decades, in some cases--for the kind of reform  that we put forward.   With that, I would like to yield back my time, but first I would just  like to say that I am grateful to be serving with the three Members who  are in here with me today. I wish everybody here and everybody  listening in this country a very wonderful holiday season.   Thank you.   