 Mr. President, one of the most important  constitutional duties we as Senators have is to decide whether a  Supreme Court nominee is the right person for the job.   When we make a decision, we should always consider what is best for  the people of this country. Three branches of government were created  to serve the people, so no matter what we do--whether it is here in the  Senate, whether it is in the White House, or whether it is across the  street in the Supreme Court--the American people should always come  first. And our rights--our individual rights should never be  subordinate to the rights of corporations.   The Supreme Court is supposed to be the ultimate protector of our  individual rights--the ultimate arbiter of justice for our citizens.   Unfortunately, Judge Gorsuch, over the course of his career, has made  it clear that he thinks the rights of corporations are more important  than the rights of individuals.   For someone who describes himself as a strict constructionist--as a  so-called textualist--his judicial ruling on corporate rights in the  Hobby Lobby case is one of the biggest distortions of our sacred  principle of individual rights that I have ever seen.   And now President Trump has nominated Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme  Court, where he could end up ruling on many more cases related to  individual rights.   In my State, just like in many of yours, there are thousands and  thousands of families who will be directly affected by the decisions  the Supreme Court makes in the next few years: voting rights, workers'  rights, reproductive rights.    I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute.    In my State, just like many others, there are  thousands of families who will be directly affected by the decision the  Supreme Court makes in the next few years--even our First Amendment  speech rights, which President Trump has threatened by saying he wants  ``to open up our libel laws'' against the press.   If any of these cases make it to the Supreme Court, they will all be  decided in part by the next Supreme Court Justice, and Judge Gorsuch's  record does  [[Page S2337]]  not give me confidence that he will be a Justice whose rulings would  bolster those individual rights.   On the issue of changing the rules to the filibuster, I strongly  oppose changing these Senate rules for President Trump, to give him  special help with Judge Gorsuch.   So I urge my colleagues to think about the potentially far-reaching  and damaging consequences to our democracy if they vote to eliminate  the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees. Fundamentally, changing the  rules for President Trump is a historic mistake.   We must stand up for individuals' rights over corporations, and I  urge my colleagues to vote against this nominee.   