 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to  support Iowa Governor Terry Branstad's nomination to be U.S. Ambassador  to the People's Republic of China. The position of U.S. Ambassador to  China is one of the most important ambassadorial positions in the  world. I am confident that my friend and Governor, Terry Branstad, is  the right person for the job.   Having worked alongside the Governor for many years, I know he will  exemplify the same leadership, thoughtfulness, and dedication in his  role as Ambassador to China on behalf of the United States as he did  for the people of Iowa. Importantly, Governor Branstad also knows China  and its leaders well. He first met President Xi Jinping while he was  visiting Iowa on an agricultural research trip in 1985.   They have kept in touch over the years, and Governor Branstad has  visited China a number of times on behalf of the State of Iowa. Iowa's  extensive trade relationship with China has given Governor Branstad a  front-seat view of the complexities of our country's broader trade and  economic relationship with China and will provide him with the  foundation to effectively advocate for U.S. interests, as evidenced by  his successful confirmation before the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, which approved his nomination by voice vote.   Governor Branstad will not only work tirelessly to foster our trade  and economic interests with China, but he is also prepared to tackle  the many other complex, bilateral issues we have with China, from North  Korea to the South China Sea to human rights. It has been an honor to  serve the people of Iowa alongside Governor Branstad, the longest  serving Governor in U.S. history, and I am thrilled to continue to work  with him in his new role serving the American people.   I thank Governor Branstad for his service to Iowa, and I wish him and  his family the best as they prepare to depart for Beijing.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   