 Mr. President, I was interested to hear my colleague  and friend from North Dakota talking about this tax bill because,  sadly, there has not been a lot of bipartisan work on the bill.   I really agree there is a consensus that tax reform is it long  overdue, but we need tax reform that simplifies the Tax Code, bolsters  the middle class, and helps small businesses create jobs. I think those  principles could have been the basis for really good bipartisan work  here in the Senate, and in Congress, generally, to come up with a bill  that would have done all of those things, but, unfortunately, the  legislation in front of us does none.   The result is a partisan tax bill, written in secret and without  public hearings, adds to the national debt, punishes the middle class  and small businesses, and gives massive tax cuts to corporations and  the wealthy.   Last week, I came to the floor to share the concerns of Granite  Staters about this legislation. They were amplified at a forum I had on  Monday at Southern New Hampshire University, where I heard from  students, graduate students, and higher education leaders in the State  about the damage this bill would do to our State and to our national  economy.   I have heard some reports today that there will be changes that come  out of the conference committee that may address some of the concerns  about the bill's impact on education. I hope that is true.  Unfortunately, I haven't heard what those changes are. I don't know if  any Democrats here have heard what those changes are. Unfortunately,  these negotiations, like the bill, are being done in secret, and the  future of students and so many people in New Hampshire and the country  hang in the balance.   In particular, what I heard at the forum with the students and  educators was that the bill as it passed the House would raise taxes on  New Hampshire students and would make it financially impossible for  many of them to continue their educations.   As passed, the House tax bill would eliminate the ability of  individuals to deduct the interest they pay on their student loan debt.  Nationwide, student loan debt has roughly tripled since 2004 and now  totals a staggering $1.3 trillion--more than the total credit card debt  in the country. It is particularly burdensome for those of us in New  Hampshire because New Hampshire's 2016 graduating class had the highest  per capita student loan debt in the country--an average of $36,367.   The Republican leader's tax bill would make this crisis far worse not  only for current students but for those who graduated many years ago  but are still burdened by student loan debt. It would prevent nearly  80,000 Granite Staters from deducting interest on their student loans.   The House legislation would also make it far more expensive to get an  advanced degree because it eliminates tax-free waivers for tuition  assistance. I am hearing recent reports that this provision may be  taken out of the final bill. I certainly hope that is the case because  as currently written, it would put graduate school financially out of  reach for many students.   A Dartmouth College student pursuing a Ph.D. in biomedical sciences  wrote that counting tuition waivers as earned income would raise his  yearly taxes by more than $10,000. He said he  [[Page S8001]]  would no longer be able to afford rent and groceries and would have to  consider dropping out of school.   Ken Ferreira, the associate vice president for student financial  services at Franklin Pierce University, told me, in no uncertain terms,  that tuition waivers are not income, and it is wrong to tax them. I  could not agree more.   Tyler Kane is pursuing a master's degree in environmental engineering  at the University of New Hampshire. He told me he already owes close to  $40,000 in student loans and works nearly 60 hours a week. After paying  rent and other expenses, his stipend leaves him with less than $200 a  month. If his tuition waiver becomes taxable, that would be a tax  increase of $2,500, and it would wreck his budget, leaving him in a  $33-a-month hole. Along with many of his graduate student colleagues,  he would have to consider dropping out of school.   It makes no sense to increase the burden of student debt and to  impose new taxes on graduate students struggling to get by so we can  give the biggest corporations in this country and the wealthiest a tax  cut.   It is estimated that by 2020, two-thirds of all jobs in the United  States will require some form of higher education. Yet today less than  45 percent of Americans have at least a 2-year degree. As I talk with  small business owners across New Hampshire, one of their biggest  challenges is finding skilled workers. The last thing we need to do is  make education more expensive and unaffordable for millions of young  Americans. As one New Hampshire businessman told me, it is like eating  our own seed corn. For the United States to stay competitive in the  global economy, we can't afford to discourage talented young people  from going to college or pursuing a graduate degree.   I also had the opportunity to talk with Nate Stafford. He is pursuing  a Ph.D. at the University of Hampshire. Because he serves as a teaching  assistant, the university provides a tuition waiver of nearly $27,000,  which would be taxed under the provision of the House bill. If his  tuition waiver were taxed, that would force him to consider opting out  of graduate school entirely.   I also heard from university administrators, who shared their  concerns.   Sister Paula Marie Buley, president of Rivier University, pointed out  that the proposed new taxes on students is ``a tax on our future.''   Jan Nesbit, the senior vice provost for research at the University of  New Hampshire, warned that taxing graduate students' tuition waivers  would have a cascading impact that would raise undergraduate tuition  across the board because losing graduate students would affect both  teaching assistants and research and drive up costs.   I heard from Cari Moorhead, the interim dean of the graduate school  at the University of New Hampshire. She pointed out that many  international students at UNH would be lost and noted that Canada has  recently seen more than a 40-percent increase in international  students. They are very pleased to be benefiting from the brain drain  from the United States because of the financial barriers that we are  putting up for graduate students.   The other damaging aspect of this legislation, which I think many  people are not aware of, is that the tuition assistance that many  companies provide to their employees would count as taxable income.  Forty years ago, Congress provided employers with the flexibility to  offer up to $5,250 in annual tax-free educational benefits to  employees. This was designed to advance competitiveness and fill the  need for more skilled workers. If we eliminate those benefits, how many  of those employees who are looking to advance themselves through  education will not be able to do that?   In so many ways, this tax overhaul legislation would take America  backward, not forward. Tax reform should be about helping Americans  prepare for the jobs of the 21st century; it shouldn't make it harder  to afford college or graduate school. Tax reform should be about  strengthening the middle class, not burdening it with higher taxes. Tax  reform should be about growing the economy, not growing the deficits  and the debt.   Like my colleagues on this side of the aisle, I am eager to work to  genuinely reform the Tax Code. Reform is long overdue, but the bill we  have before us is not reform. We need a bipartisan bill that puts the  middle class first, puts small businesses first, and doesn't leave a  massive debt for our children and grandchildren.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   