 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2763, The Small Business  Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements  Act, which will modernize two programs that provide Federal funding to  small technologically advanced firms to research and develop innovative  products.   I am proud to have cosponsored this legislation with Congressman  Steve Knight, and I am encouraged that my colleagues on the Small  Business Committee and the House Science, Space, and Technology  Committee on both sides of the aisle support the bill.   For decades, American innovation and ingenuity have bolstered our  economic growth and solidified our country's status as a global leader  in technology; and for more than 30 years, the Small Business  Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer programs  have provided a critical source of funding to small businesses that  engage in research and development. These initiatives were established  to help spur innovation and job creation throughout the country.   Since the inception of the programs, more than $40 billion has been  awarded to small, innovative firms to address our Nation's most  important research and development challenges. Because of the high-risk  nature of their ventures, SBIR and STTR grantees receive R&D funding  that might otherwise be unavailable in the private sector.   As a direct result of the Federal investment in these programs,  breakthroughs have been made in a wide range of sectors, including  agriculture, defense, energy, and healthcare. In turn, these  discoveries have generated tremendous economic growth and job  opportunities across the country, including in central Florida.   For many research companies in my district, these two programs serve  as a gateway to the Federal contracting field. That is why I am honored  to have cosponsored this bipartisan legislation.   The final bill reflects bipartisan compromises and input from both  committees of jurisdiction. Most importantly, it includes many  provisions focused on developing innovative products that support  important national priorities and that can be sold on the commercial  market.   To improve oversight of the program, the bill requires the Small  Business Administration to submit an annual report to Congress no later  than December 31 of each year. This will enable us to better account  for the use of funds and to better assess the progress of SBIR and STTR  initiatives at participating agencies.   Another provision makes permanent the pilot program that establishes  the Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness program, which allows  up to 10 percent of agency administrative dollars for sequential phase  II awards to eligible businesses.    Finally, the bill includes an amendment that I authored to require  participating Federal agencies to take additional steps to educate  small firms about the SBIR and STTR programs and to encourage more  small firms to apply for funding.   After more than a decade of fits and starts with these two programs,  H.R. 2763 will make program improvements and provide much-needed  certainty to small businesses seeking to commercialize. By authorizing  the administrative fee to run these programs for an additional 5 years  beyond its current authorization, Congress is taking proactive steps to  give small firms the confidence they need to continue developing  innovative products.   I respectfully ask my colleagues to vote for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking member  of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to  support H.R. 2763, the Small Business Innovation Research and Small  Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez,  Chairman Smith, and all other colleagues on both committees for their  work to advance this bipartisan piece to the House floor.   SBIR and STTR are valuable programs that provide competitive research  and development grants and contracts to innovative small businesses.  Stability and continuity in the SBIR and STTR programs are important  goals, which is why I supported the agreement in last year's National  Defense Authorization Act to extend the program until fiscal year 2022  at the current allocation level.   In H.R. 2763, the two authorizing committees have come to agreement  on a number of policy improvements and some strengthened oversight for  the programs.  [[Page H7944]]    The policy changes in H.R. 2763 advances sensible ways to further  leverage small business R&D to help meet Federal mission needs, as well  as contribute more broadly to U.S. innovation and economic growth. The  bill includes continued support for early-stage funding for  entrepreneurial researchers, provides funding for important agency  outreach and administrative activities, streamlines reporting  requirements, ensures agency outreach for researchers at minority- serving institutions, and authorizes several additional activities to  support implementation of the program.   I am particularly pleased that the bill includes a provision to  address current agency shortfalls in fostering the participation of  women and minority-owned firms. Fostering diversity in STEM research  and innovation is an economic imperative.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute  to the gentlewoman.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must continue to  encourage such policies.   H.R. 2763 is a good bill that improves the SBIR program and maximizes  the benefits of federally funded small business R&D.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McNerney).   Mr. McNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and  for her work on this small business bill. I also thank Chairmen Smith  and Chabot and Ranking Members Johnson and Velazquez for including my  amendment to benefit minority-serving institutions in H.R. 2763. This  is essential to retaining American leadership in innovation and small  business development.   The SBIR and STTR programs were both created to expand small business  participation in the Federal research mission. One of the four  objectives Congress had in mind in establishing the SBIR was to  facilitate and increase the participation of minority and disadvantaged  persons in technological innovation.   My amendment requires that the participating Federal agencies in the  SBIR and STTR programs conduct outreach to minority-serving  institutions--MSIs--and Hispanic-serving institutions and faculty  conducting research at these institutions so that participation rates  in Federal research and development opportunities will increase.   There are many great MSIs and researchers who work at these  institutions across the country. For example, California State  University Stanislaus, which has a campus in my district, is a  Hispanic-serving institution and an MSI, and has been ranked one of the  best colleges in our Nation. Our country depends on innovation of MSIs  and the intellectual capital of its graduates.   In the 21st century, American economic growth is going to be  determined by the innovation and growth of technology and STEM-focused  businesses. It is critical to the growth of our economy that minority- serving institutions and minority-owned businesses are connected to  this technological ecosystem.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Tonko).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and I  am prepared to close.  [[Page H7945]]    Mr. Speaker, supporting our entrepreneurs and small businesses are a  top priority for both sides of the aisle. Our bill will make it easier  for small firms that receive SBIR and STTR awards to bring their  products to market and achieve commercial success.   The SBIR and STTR programs are also critical to our economy, as they  support our Nation's job creators and ensure that our country continues  to produce cutting-edge research and development. This ingenuity is  what makes our country a global economic powerhouse.   These programs, while successful, can be improved. The bill before us  is a step in the right direction insofar as it will ensure that all  Federal agencies are enhancing efforts to help more small businesses  obtain SBIR and STTR funding and bring their innovative products to  market.   Therefore, I respectfully urge my colleagues to support this  bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   