 Mr. President, I came to the floor today to join with  Senators and people across this country in speaking out against the  President's misguided and, I believe, destructive Executive order that  has abruptly closed our borders to all refugees as well as citizens  from seven Muslim-majority countries.   During the campaign, Candidate Trump called for a ``total and  complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.'' I had  certainly hoped that once in office, he would receive wise and prudent  counsel and he would realize that elevating such a Muslim ban to the  status of official U.S. policy would have very negative consequences.   Instead, what we have seen is that a small group in the White House  acting in secret produced this Executive order. They did so without  legal review and even without the knowledge of the Secretary of  Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense, or the nominee to be  Secretary of State. As a result, as we all know, we saw a weekend of  chaos and confusion--a self-inflicted wound to our national security  and to our reputation in the world.   The consequences go far beyond the scenes of disorder that we  witnessed in recent days. By singling out Muslim-majority countries and  banning their citizens from entry into the United States and by denying  entry to all refugees, the President has greatly damaged America's  image across the world and, perhaps, worst of all, this Executive order  is a gift to ISIS, Al Qaeda, and to every other radical jihadist group.  On social media they celebrated the travel ban as a confirmation to  their narrative that the United States is at war with Islam and that  they are engaged in a clash of civilizations. One ISIS sympathizer  praised the Executive order as a ``blessed ban,'' comparing it to what  he called ``the blessed invasion'' of Iraq, which inflamed anti- American anger across the Islamic world. This is dangerous because this  is a powerful recruitment tool for our enemies.   I am also deeply concerned that this Executive order endangers our  troops and our diplomats who are in the field. Today, more than 5,000  American troops are supporting Iraqi troops in the fight to reclaim  Mosul and drive ISIS out of Iraq. By discriminating based on religion  and nationality, the President's order undermines the local alliances  and the trust established by our troops and diplomats in the field.  This order is so ill-considered that, as originally drafted, it even  barred Iraqi civilians, including translators who provided essential  assistance to the U.S. mission.   Just to be clear, this Muslim ban is un-American. It is offensive to  our Nation's core values and ideals. The right way forward is not to  carve out small exceptions to the Muslim ban. It is to repeal the ban  entirely. The President has called for what he has termed ``extreme  vetting,'' but the truth is that our vetting procedures are already  thorough and rigorous. It takes as long as 24 months for a refugee to  make it through the process and come to the United States. The entire  screening process takes place outside the United States. So it doesn't  pose a threat to people here in America.   In my home State of New Hampshire, the President's Executive order  has caused shock and profound concern, especially in our business and  academic communities, as well as in our immigrant communities. T.J.  Parker is the CEO of PillPack, a company that employs nearly 400 people  in Manchester, which is the largest city in New Hampshire. He said on  Monday: ``This ban is wrong and goes against our values as a company  and as Americans.''   He continued: ``I'm also deeply concerned about any measures that  could discourage talented individuals from studying and working in the  U.S.''   The Union Leader newspaper reported yesterday that more than 700  refugees who settled in New Hampshire over the past decade are from the  seven countries singled out in the Executive order and would have been  banned from entry. These immigrants are not Iraqis, Somalis, Sudanese  or Syrians. They are proud loyal members of our diverse American  family. Many of them have spouses or children still in refugee camps,  and they hope to be united with their families. The President's order  has now slammed the door on these hopes.   Yesterday the Associated Press in New Hampshire reported on Dr. Omid  Moghimi, an internist at New Hampshire Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical  Center. An American citizen, he fell in love with a childhood friend in  Iran and married her in Tehran in 2015. Here is the picture of the two  of them on their wedding day. After months of vetting for entry to the  United States, his wife had an appointment for her visa interview. That  appointment was abruptly canceled after the President's Executive  order, and Dr. Moghimi worries that this could become permanent. He is  now in his first year of a 3-year residency, and he fears he will have  to leave the United States in order to live with his wife, who  volunteers at daycare centers and an orphanage. Dr. Moghimi told the  AP: ``There's no evidence that she is in any way even a miniscule  threat, security risk, and there are many, many cases like her out  there.''   If this Executive order stays in effect, we lose the opportunity to  have Dr. Moghimi practice in the United States and maybe serve a  community in New Hampshire, and it has a real impact on their lives.  The ill-advised words and actions, including this Executive order, have  damaged America's standing in the world and harmed our national  security. But the Senate has  [[Page S553]]  an opportunity to send a very different message to our allies and to  our enemies across the globe. We can make clear that America's  democracy is founded on a system of checks and balances, and that the  President doesn't speak for America or make policy all by himself. I  urge my Senate colleagues to join with us in supporting legislation to  repeal the President's order. We need to send a clear message to the  world that America does not support discrimination based on religion.  We welcome appropriately vetted refugees from wars and violence, and we  respect our Muslim allies, including our friends in Iraq who have  sacrificed so much in the fight against ISIS.   In recent days we have seen what happens when America betrays its  ideals and its allies. The Senate has a responsibility to reassert  those ideals and to reassure our allies. I urge my colleagues to  support legislation that Senator Feinstein put forward to repeal the  President's Executive order.   Thank you very much. I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Indiana.   