 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1297.   The Department of Homeland Security's mission is complex and diverse.  Not only is DHS charged with preventing terrorism, but it is the lead  Federal agency for immigration enforcement, emergency management,  cybersecurity, and border, maritime, and transportation security.   Given the breadth of DHS' responsibilities, it is essential that its  limited resources be aligned with its mission to meet the ever-changing  threat landscape. As such, the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review,  which DHS undertakes every 4 years, is a critical tool to ensure that  the Department is positioned to effectively carry out its multifaceted  mission.   To date, DHS has issued two such reviews and is expected to release  its third such review in 2018. My legislation seeks to make refinements  to the law to address weaknesses identified by the Government  Accountability Office in the prior reviews.   Specifically, my bill seeks to ensure more robust consultation with  Homeland Security stakeholders, including State and local governments  and academic institutions.   It also seeks to ensure that DHS undertakes and documents our risk  analysis to inform its policy positions. GAO emphasized that  documentation of the review process, including the risk analysis, is  essential to ensuring the repeatability of the review process.   Last Congress, this House unanimously approved this measure in July  2016; however, the Senate did not act on the bill. Last week the  Committee on Homeland Security, on a bipartisan basis, voted to  favorably report this measure to the House.   My legislation is intended to ensure that the Quadrennial Homeland  Security Review is a driving vision for the Department of Homeland  Security. By enacting this legislation, Congress can guard against it  becoming a paperwork exercise that fails to influence the Department's  policies, programs, and priorities.   Given the criticalness of the DHS mission and the increasingly scarce  availability of resources, it is essential that DHS produce a risk- informed review that takes into account the diverse views of its  Homeland Security partners.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 1297, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1249, the  DHS Multiyear Acquisition Strategy Act of 2017, and I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Safeguarding our country and the American people is the Department of  Homeland Security's most solemn responsibility.   Today, Homeland Security threats are multidimensional and changing at  an unprecedented pace. As such, it is critical that DHS' acquisition  programs be targeted to meet the demands of an ever-evolving threat  environment. To ensure long-term strategic planning, H.R. 1249 directs  DHS to develop a multiyear acquisition strategy as is currently  required at the Transportation Security Administration.   The bill is intended to foster a more strategic approach to how DHS  executes and manages procurement. Specifically, it directs DHS, in  consultation with industry stakeholders and academia, to develop a  prioritized list of major acquisitions together with information on the  expected security and economic benefits of these programs.   To guard against wasteful spending on redundant programs, it also  directs DHS to work towards developing a DHS-wide inventory of  investments and real property. Once DHS has such an inventory, I  believe it will find areas for greater efficiency and be able to  redirect limited Homeland Security resources to vital programs.   One of the critical features of the strategy is the requirement that  DHS have a plan to address funding gaps that may exist in major  acquisition programs.   Given that the Trump administration's 2018 budget prioritizes funding  the border wall that the President promised during the campaign and  amplifying immigration enforcement, there is a real concern that  important programs that are desperately needed within DHS will get  short shrift.   H.R. 1249 was approved unanimously by the Committee on Homeland  Security earlier this month, and similar legislation was approved by a  voice vote by the House in October of 2015.   Mr. Speaker, the establishment of the Department-wide acquisition  strategy, as H.R. 1249 requires, has the potential of helping the  Department achieve economies of scale that result in cost savings and  better use of limited Homeland Security resources.   I am particularly pleased that the legislation directs the Department  to assess ways it can better test and acquire innovative technologies.  Some of the most vexing Homeland Security challenges can only be fully  addressed when DHS partners with innovators, particularly small  businesses.   I want to congratulate the gentleman, my colleague from Pennsylvania.   Mr. Speaker, I would urge the support of H.R. 1249, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1252, the DHS Acquisition Authorities Act  of 2017. The Department of Homeland Security has limited acquisition  resources and must be effective stewards of taxpayer dollars. As such,  DHS' procurement practices must be sound, effective, and adhered to  throughout the organization.   Although DHS has come a long way since its inception in 2002,  acquisition management remains a challenge for the Department. In fact,  a 2015 assessment by the GAO of DHS' largest acquisition programs  determined that only 2 of the 22 reviewed programs were on track to  meet their initial schedule and cost parameters.   Responsibility for addressing weaknesses in acquisitions management  and increasing effectiveness of DHS' major acquisitions begins at the  top, with the DHS leadership. To that end, H.R. 1252 codifies that  acquisition decision authority rests with the Under Secretary for  Management as the Department's Chief Acquisition Officer.   H.R. 1252 authorizes the Under Secretary for Management to mandate  acquisition policies, establishes the Under Secretary as lead of the  Department's acquisition oversight body, and charges the Under  Secretary with advising the Secretary regarding acquisition management  activities.   To ensure greater oversight of the Department's procurement  activities, H.R. 1252 also establishes acquisition management functions  for DHS' Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, and the  Program Accountability and Risk Management Office.   This legislation is intended to clarify roles and responsibilities  within DHS acquisition management activities and increase  accountability of the Department's procedures, particularly those  classified as underperforming.   H.R. 1252 was approved by the House in October 2015, and was approved  unanimously by the Committee on Homeland Security just a few weeks ago.   Given the complexity of the organization, it is incumbent upon the  Department to tackle its diverse procurement challenges from the top  down.   H.R. 1252 codifies the acquisition management roles within the  Department and supports enhanced accountability in management of DHS'  acquisitions.   By passing this legislation, Congress can take another important step  toward increasing efficiency and improving outcomes of DHS' major  acquisition programs.   I join in congratulating the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins)  on the good work that he has done here.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 1252, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   