 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Frankel for her  leadership on the Women's Caucus. The Women's Caucus is a bipartisan  women's committee. I was honored when I was given the opportunity to  serve on this committee because I know for a fact in America, for all  of the strides and accomplishments that we have had as women, that we  still have so many issues and challenges that we must address.   Whenever there is an issue that disrespects or an issue that is a  barrier for a woman, it is incumbent upon us to step up and to speak  out because silence or turning our head is condoning the behavior.   Now, we stand here today as women, but there will be men joining us  and have joined us because the behavior that we have learned about in  the Marines, one of our military branches, is unacceptable.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the issue of nonconsensual  activities in the U.S. military. It has been revealed that  nonconsensual nude photos of servicemembers were posted to social  media, and it was even enhanced by disturbing comments that were  unacceptable and really disrespectful.   This offensive behavior strikes at the very heart of the Marines. The  Marines, who we trust and admire and know that they go out and serve  this country in so many ways, and we have such honor and respect for  them--but this behavior, Mr. Speaker, undermines the trust and the  confidence that the marines have in each other. The Marines stand up  and, as a team and as a body and as a military, take a code that they  will protect each other, and it compromises the respect that the  American people have for our military.   Our servicemembers must have the confidence that their brothers and  their sisters in uniform always have each other's back. There is simply  no room in the military or in our society for behavior that humiliates  and degrades women servicemembers. Women who are in the Marines have  earned the respect of their brothers and sisters, and they deserve the  trust. Many victims, just like in the civilian workforce, are afraid to  report the assault. We want to encourage them to file their complaints.   I had, at one time, served my country as an EEO investigator in the  private sector. As an equal employment opportunity investigator and  having cases of sexual harassment, I would sit in a private counseling  session with a victim as she relived it to tell me what happened and  how so often they struggle with: Should I tell someone? I am  embarrassed. Maybe I should have done more. Or why did I accept it?   And then some will say: I will just quit. I just don't want to go  through the humiliation of telling my story. Because when you file a  complaint, for it to be processed, it becomes public.   I want to say to every woman that if you really understand how  inappropriate, how much you do not deserve to be treated that way, and  you want to make sure that no other woman ever is treated that way, I  want you to know that we as Congress will stand with you to support  your right to report it, to make sure we hold those accountable who did  it.   I want to say to everybody that I stand here today as a Member of  Congress and as a Member of the Women's Caucus to say that you have  support.   In 2015, the latest year for which military assault data is  available, more than 6,000 sexual assault cases were reported. Only 10  percent of men report their sexual assaults in the military. Only 40  percent of women do the same.   Sexual assault is wrong, whether it is for a man or a woman.  According to the Human Rights Watch report released in 2015, the rate  of retaliation for reporting a sexual assault in the military is 12  times higher than the rate of report resulting in a conviction for the  predator. We understand the problem, and we want to be a part of the  solution.    Mr. Speaker, I will close with this. We stand here today knowing that  we have a problem. But I am confident in my belief and trust in our  military, and I am confident that the women and men in this Congress  will stand together and we will fix this problem so we can continue to  have our military brothers and sisters serve together without being  attacked by their own.   Ms FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative  Lawrence for her excellent advocacy today.   Mr. Speaker, I now want to yield the floor to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), my very good friend. She is the ranking  member on the Veterans Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations,  and chair of the bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence.   