 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the leadership of Chairman  Frelinghuysen at the full committee and Chairwoman Granger at the  Defense Subcommittee on this bill.   Providing for the common defense of our Nation is one of the most  fundamental duties of Congress under the Constitution.   Last week I appreciated the message that President Trump delivered in  his joint session address, and I was particularly encouraged by his  call to properly fund our military. For the last 6 years, we have been  in almost constant tension with an administration whose sequestration  policy threatened to hollow out our military.   Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee,  I stand ready to work with the President and Secretary Mattis to make  sure our military is properly funded, well equipped, and ready for the  fight. That is why I am so proud to support this Defense Appropriations  bill.   Our bill rejects the Obama administration's proposed troop level  reductions that would have amounted to as many as 36,000 servicemen and  -women cut from the ranks. Instead, our bill provides funding for an  additional 1,000 Active-Duty Army soldiers, 1,000 Army National Guard  soldiers, 1,000 Army Reserve soldiers, and 1,000 Active-Duty marines.  The bill also fully funds a much-deserved 2.1 percent pay raise for  military personnel.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent a district that is home to both  Fort Rucker, the home of Army aviation, and Maxwell-Gunter Air Force  Base, the intellectual center of the Air Force.   I am pleased to report that this bill contains a strong budget for  Army aviation, including $187 million for the 28 Lakota helicopters,  which are the primary aircraft used for training at Fort Rucker.   It also contains an increase of almost $450 million for the Air  Force's cybersecurity efforts. Maxwell's Air Force Cyber College at Air  University plays a key part in cybersecurity, serving as an  intellectual hub for the Air Force in the emerging battlefield for  cyber warfare.   This appropriations bill also contains funding for the procurement of  74 F-35 Joint Strike Fighters. The Montgomery-based 187th Fighter Wing  is on the short list for being assigned this next generation fighter  jet, and our Alabama congressional delegation is working together to  make the case to the Air Force why this special unit is an ideal fit.   Mr. Speaker, I take our responsibility to craft sound military  spending plans very seriously. I am pleased the House is moving the  fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill this week, and I urge my  colleagues to support its passage.   