 Mr. President, thank you very much.   Mr. President, I appreciate the point made by the Senator from South  Dakota, and I am glad to join in this conversation this afternoon.   About a decade ago, the worst economic recession since the Great  Depression devastated our middle class households and families across  the country. In its aftermath, our economy consistently underachieved.   Last year, the United States saw less than a 2-percent increase in  the amount of goods and services we produce. The reason is our stagnant  economy, which suffers from an outdated tax system that stifles  economic growth through high tax rates and an unreasonable compliance  burden. Small businesses, which I am partial to because they make up  about 97 percent of employers in Iowa, are taxed as much as 44.6  percent on their profits. Every year, these job creators spend over $18  billion just to comply with Federal tax laws and regulations.   Middle-class families and individuals around this country need some  relief. By streamlining our cumbersome tax system and eliminating  loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, Congress has an  opportunity to lower tax rates for middle and lower income wage  earners. Likewise, by creating a more competitive tax system for  businesses, we can foster greater growth and investment in the United  States and boost wages for more Iowans.   Tax reform also provides Congress with an opportunity to lead by  example and offer up its own unnecessary tax break. That is why I  introduced the Stop Questionable, Unnecessary, and Excessive Allowances  for Legislators Act, also known as the SQUEAL Act. This legislation  would eliminate a provision of the Tax Code that allows Members of  Congress to deduct up to $3,000 annually in living expenses that they  incur while in Washington, DC. As we seek to achieve the ultimate goal  of lowering rates for families and small businesses, Congress should  start by eliminating handouts to our politicians.   It is long overdue for our country to pursue a simpler tax code that  provides much needed relief for hard-working Iowans and that puts our  economy back on track. I look forward to working with my colleagues on  a path forward that reduces the burden of a complicated tax system--the  burden that is placed upon our families, our hard-working individuals,  and our small businesses.   With that, I will turn the floor back over to the distinguished  Member from South Dakota, and I thank him for accommodating the Members  of our class. We are hopeful that we will be able to move forward with  smart, effective tax reform.   