 Mr. President, I want to say I am really pleased we are  moving forward on the FDA Reauthorization Act today. This is really a  great example about how Congress can actually work together on health  issues and compromise and solve challenges by putting patients and  families first.   As my colleagues well know, these so-called user fee agreements are  essential to supporting FDA's operation and mission. They allow FDA to  meet the complex challenges of the 21st century technology and the  movement toward precision medicine, and they help ensure that FDA  upholds the gold standard of approval while evaluating new drugs and  devices efficiently. Put simply, passing the FDA Reauthorization Act is  absolutely necessary if Congress wants to advance safe, effective  [[Page S4790]]  and innovative medical products for patients and families across the  country.   I would add, when we pass this reauthorization today, more than 5,000  employees at FDA will be able to continue their critical work without  worry of interruption, employees that worked every day to protect the  health and families and advance medical innovations to patients.   So I am really pleased to have worked alongside the chairman of our  HELP Committee, the Senior Senator from Tennessee, and all of our  colleagues on and off the committee to bring to the floor these  finalized agreements.   They truly reflect years of negotiations between FDA and the  industry, incorporate input from patient and consumer groups, and  support some of our most urgent priorities: restructuring the generic  drug user fees, building up the Biosimilars Program, making sure  patients' perspectives are considered in drug and device development,  and advancing many of the policies we passed as part of the 21st  Century Cures Act.   In addition to those agreements, the FDA Reauthorization Act includes  priorities and provisions from Members across the political spectrum,  so I again want to thank Chairman Alexander and all my colleagues, in  particular, Senators Casey, Franken, and Warren, on their work to  improve medical device safety; Senators Hassan and Young on their  provision to get better information to providers about opioids;  Senators McCaskill, Franken, and Collins for their commitment to  improving the generic drug market; and Senators Bennet, Van Hollen, and  Rubio for their drive to get new medicine for kids with cancer.   I really want to thank my staff and Chairman Alexander's staff who  worked so well together over months of hard work to get this done.   Mr. President, this bill advances several significant bipartisan  priorities I am proud to support. As many know, the HELP Committee has  a strong tradition of bipartisan success in these user fee agreements,  and I am very proud to say we have kept it this way. I think this bill  not only improves FDA, but it also shows that when we work together  with a common goal, we can get things done and make progress.   I thank the chair and my partner, Senator Alexander.   I yield the floor.   