 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the National  Defense Authorization Act. The process of negotiating the annual  defense bill is one that has a long and important history on Capitol  Hill.   This afternoon, the Senate voted to pass a conference report,  continuing a tradition of 55 consecutive years in which the National  Defense Authorization Act has been a must-pass bill for the Congress.  People have a habit these days of assuming that Congress cannot pass  major legislation, but this bill is a testament to the fact that when  it comes to supporting our men and women in uniform, we work together  to provide them with the support they need. I am happy to say that this  year, we are carrying on this proud tradition.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act was passed by  overwhelming bipartisan majorities in both the Senate and the House. As  a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I have been proud to  do my part to help craft this bill and to be a part of the process.   We live in a rapidly changing world, and, unfortunately, one that  presents a growing number of threats and challenges that our military  must face. Across the globe, we have witnessed the rise of dangerous  new threats that make the mission of our warfighters even more  challenging. In Europe, Vladimir Putin has shown a complete disregard  for international law and order and threatens key allies and  democracies that underpin the democratic backbone of Europe. In the  Pacific, we face a nuclear-armed dictator in North Korea who murders  his own people while threatening mass death and destruction to the  United States and to our allies. In the Middle East, we have witnessed  the rapid and fearsome emergence of radical extremist groups like ISIS,  whose barbarism shocks the world. Their horrific acts of bloodshed show  just how dangerous this warped ideology is, and the efforts of the men  and women in uniform have played a critical role in the fight to stem  this dark tide.   Unfortunately, this same ideology of radical extremism is finding new  followers in Europe, Africa, and Asia. These threats demand that we be  ready. The fact is that the United States has faced challenges before,  and if one thing holds true throughout history, it is that our Armed  Forces will be called upon to defeat the enemies of freedom and  safeguard this Nation. For them to succeed, the Congress must provide  the men and women in uniform the support they need to execute their  missions. That is why I am so proud to stand before you today and speak  about the National Defense Authorization Act.   This legislation sends a clear message: Now is the time that we begin  to rebuild our military. Contained in this bill is the necessary  funding to start filling the gaps and ensuring our force remains the  best in the world. This includes increases to the size of the Army,  Navy, Air Force, Reserves, and our National Guard. It also means that  new, battle-ready systems are going to get the funding they need to be  put in the field as quickly as possible. On land, the NDAA authorizes  funding for 85 Abrams tank upgrades and 93 Bradley fighting vehicles.  At sea, it revitalizes our fleet, authorizing 13 new ships for our  Navy. In the air, it provides 90 new F-35 aircraft and 53 UH-60M Black  Hawk helicopters.   Across all of these domains, the fiscal year 2018 NDAA authorizes  funding for critical modernization priorities to help ensure that on  every battlefield the men and women of America's Armed Forces have the  resources they need to complete the missions they are given.   I serve as chair of the Armed Services Committee's Subcommittee on  Strategic Forces, and my top priority has been the modernization of our  nuclear forces and the Department of Energy's nuclear weapons complex.   This bill strongly supports nuclear modernization and makes a number  of other key investments within the subcommittee's jurisdiction. First,  the conference report builds on important provisions included in the  versions that passed both the House and the Senate this year, and it  includes the administration's request for additional missile defense  funding, submitted earlier this month. In total, the bill authorizes an  additional $4.4 billion above the level requested by the President when  the budget was initially submitted to improve our missile defense  systems. This includes a significant expansion of our Ground-based  Midcourse Defense system and authorizes resources to begin construction  of another 20 interceptor silos at Fort Greely, AK. To further enhance  the system's effectiveness, the bill makes valuable investments in the  network of radars and other sensors that support the system's  operations. The bill also contains reasonable reforms to our military  space enterprise that are designed to achieve a more streamlined and  agile system that is more responsive to the needs of our warfighters.   Furthermore, the bill improves the oversight and management of our  nuclear command and control architecture. Often overlooked, these  programs form the connective tissue between our national leadership and  our nuclear forces. Their reliability and resilience are vital to the  effectiveness of our nuclear deterrent.   As the specter of great power conflict returns and the threat from a  nuclear-armed North Korea continues to grow, our missile defense and  nuclear capabilities will play an increasingly important role in  protecting our homeland. I look forward to continuing to work with my  colleagues to further modernize and strengthen these vital capabilities  to ensure that we stay ahead of the threats that our Nation faces.   Beyond the strategic forces portfolio, this bill recognizes that we  must also rebuild our readiness and military infrastructure here at  home, which is why we have included funding increases in the bill to  support 90 percent of the requirements for facilities sustainment, as  well as a significant increase for facilities restoration and  modernization. This means newly authorized funding to restore and  modernize facilities and infrastructure ranging from barracks and  hospitals to runways and hangers.   But let's not forget the most important part of our effort in  crafting this bill, and that is providing for the one asset we can  never replace: our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. The people  who wear the uniform are more valuable than any weapons system. The  dedication, sacrifice, and honor they exemplify every day is why we  stand here today and enjoy the freedoms this country has to offer. For  that reason, included in this bill is the largest pay raise for our  troops in 8 years.   We have also permanently preserved special survivor indemnity  allowance  [[Page S7288]]  payments to surviving military spouses. There are more than 60,000  Americans whose spouses have died on Active Duty or during retirement  and, as a result of this legislation, this important payment will no  longer exist on a year-by-year basis, but it will be preserved  indefinitely.   Make no mistake, these are challenging times for our Nation as the  world is becoming an increasingly complex place. Now more than ever, we  are asking our military to tackle difficult problems and to face  adversaries who consistently seek new ways to do us harm.   No matter the day, no matter the situation, America's Armed Forces  stand ready to answer the call and protect our Nation. We need to  uphold our solemn duty as Members of the Senate and keep faith with  those who wear the uniform by giving them the tools they need.   The 55-year legacy of passing the National Defense Authorization Act  did not happen by accident. It has happened because Members of this  body know and Members of this body recognize that this bill represents  a promise to our servicemembers. It is a promise that, as you stand in  harm's way, far from your families and loved ones, we stand with you.  When you are deployed during a holiday or a special occasion, as many  members of our own Nebraska National Guard will be this Thanksgiving,  we stand with you. During late nights and early mornings in the cold,  in the heat, in battle, and in peacetime, we stand with you.   Passing the National Defense Authorization Act means keeping our end  of the promise to those who serve. As a Member of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, it has been my honor to play a part in helping to  craft this year's bill, and I would like to thank our chairman, Senator  John McCain, for his leadership in guiding the committee through the  process. I would also like to thank America's men and women in uniform  for all that they do to keep us safe.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   