 Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator from  Louisiana for working with me on the flood insurance bill that we are  introducing today. This issue is so important to both of our States  because both of our States have experienced enormous levels of flooding  every year due to extreme weather.   In New York, after Superstorm Sandy hit our State, millions of homes  and businesses were damaged by flooding that occurred. My colleague  from Louisiana could go on and on and will tell you about flood damage  his own constituents have had to endure, so it should be clear to  everyone here that it is not a partisan issue.   Flooding can happen anywhere, in any State, from the Northeast to the  gulf coast and everywhere else. Protecting our communities from the  devastation that comes from flooding should be one of our highest  priorities in this Chamber.   Unfortunately, the National Flood Insurance Program has not been  doing its job very well. Too many families who have had their  properties damaged in a flood or even destroyed in a flood have paid  their flood insurance premiums year after year only to find out there  was some loophole that prevented them from getting the coverage they  need. We cannot turn our backs and allow this to keep happening.   The bipartisan bill I have written with the Senator from Louisiana  would ensure that flood insurance is more affordable for homeowners. It  would make sure the Flood Insurance Program is no longer riddled with  loopholes that leave our homeowners stranded and fighting with  insurance companies on their own, all while trying to recover and  rebuild from the flood damage. It would finally give homeowners the  peace of mind that flood insurance rates will actually be affordable so  that low- and moderate-income homeowners are not priced out of their  homes because of extreme rate increases.   Our bill would also fund more projects to protect homes and  communities from flood risk in the first place. Our bill would more  than double the amount of funding a homeowner can receive for raising  the elevation of their home, which is a proven way to protect against  floods in certain areas, and it would provide more funding for FEMA's  flood mitigation program. Those funds are used by States and local  communities to plan and carry out projects that help manage flood risk  to homes and other structures.   After Superstorm Sandy hit New York, too many families in my State  experienced what amounted to a disaster after that disaster. They  encountered engineering fraud. They had to deal with excessive delays  and widespread underpayment of claims. This was shameful and totally  unacceptable, especially for a program specifically designed to help  people in their greatest time of need. So I am particularly pleased  that this bill would fix some of the fundamental flaws in the National  Flood Insurance Program's claims and appeals process that harmed so  many of my constituents.   Our bill would prohibit engineering reports from being altered by  anyone other than the person who inspected the home. That was one of  the main causes of fraud for many homeowners in my State. It would  require FEMA to have more direct oversight over the litigation costs  and engineering costs that are billed to the government. It would  repeal the onerous earth movement exemption, which too often has been  used to deny flood claims to families who desperately need the payments  after a flood.   Our bill also would ensure that engineers and insurance companies are  not shielded from legal liability when they do commit fraud, which,  unfortunately, was much more common than anyone would even think.   The Flood Insurance Program expires on September 30 of this year, and  it is absolutely vital that we reauthorize it with strong reforms that  protect homeowners. We need to do everything we can to ensure that the  Flood Insurance Program is affordable, sustainable, transparent, and  accountable. This is our chance to do that now.  [[Page S3338]]    This is a good bipartisan bill, and I urge all of my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to join us in making these important reforms to  the National Flood Insurance Program.   I yield the floor now to my colleague from Louisiana.    Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator from  Louisiana for working with me on the flood insurance bill that we are  introducing today. This issue is so important to both of our States  because both of our States have experienced enormous levels of flooding  every year due to extreme weather.   In New York, after Superstorm Sandy hit our State, millions of homes  and businesses were damaged by flooding that occurred. My colleague  from Louisiana could go on and on and will tell you about flood damage  his own constituents have had to endure, so it should be clear to  everyone here that it is not a partisan issue.   Flooding can happen anywhere, in any State, from the Northeast to the  gulf coast and everywhere else. Protecting our communities from the  devastation that comes from flooding should be one of our highest  priorities in this Chamber.   Unfortunately, the National Flood Insurance Program has not been  doing its job very well. Too many families who have had their  properties damaged in a flood or even destroyed in a flood have paid  their flood insurance premiums year after year only to find out there  was some loophole that prevented them from getting the coverage they  need. We cannot turn our backs and allow this to keep happening.   The bipartisan bill I have written with the Senator from Louisiana  would ensure that flood insurance is more affordable for homeowners. It  would make sure the Flood Insurance Program is no longer riddled with  loopholes that leave our homeowners stranded and fighting with  insurance companies on their own, all while trying to recover and  rebuild from the flood damage. It would finally give homeowners the  peace of mind that flood insurance rates will actually be affordable so  that low- and moderate-income homeowners are not priced out of their  homes because of extreme rate increases.   Our bill would also fund more projects to protect homes and  communities from flood risk in the first place. Our bill would more  than double the amount of funding a homeowner can receive for raising  the elevation of their home, which is a proven way to protect against  floods in certain areas, and it would provide more funding for FEMA's  flood mitigation program. Those funds are used by States and local  communities to plan and carry out projects that help manage flood risk  to homes and other structures.   After Superstorm Sandy hit New York, too many families in my State  experienced what amounted to a disaster after that disaster. They  encountered engineering fraud. They had to deal with excessive delays  and widespread underpayment of claims. This was shameful and totally  unacceptable, especially for a program specifically designed to help  people in their greatest time of need. So I am particularly pleased  that this bill would fix some of the fundamental flaws in the National  Flood Insurance Program's claims and appeals process that harmed so  many of my constituents.   Our bill would prohibit engineering reports from being altered by  anyone other than the person who inspected the home. That was one of  the main causes of fraud for many homeowners in my State. It would  require FEMA to have more direct oversight over the litigation costs  and engineering costs that are billed to the government. It would  repeal the onerous earth movement exemption, which too often has been  used to deny flood claims to families who desperately need the payments  after a flood.   Our bill also would ensure that engineers and insurance companies are  not shielded from legal liability when they do commit fraud, which,  unfortunately, was much more common than anyone would even think.   The Flood Insurance Program expires on September 30 of this year, and  it is absolutely vital that we reauthorize it with strong reforms that  protect homeowners. We need to do everything we can to ensure that the  Flood Insurance Program is affordable, sustainable, transparent, and  accountable. This is our chance to do that now.  [[Page S3338]]    This is a good bipartisan bill, and I urge all of my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to join us in making these important reforms to  the National Flood Insurance Program.   I yield the floor now to my colleague from Louisiana.   