 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Here we are more than 3 months into fiscal year 2017, debating a  budget which is not really a budget resolution. Even the majority  admits it is nothing more than a shell to help them repeal the  Affordable Care Act. It doesn't contain any way to grow jobs and it  doesn't contain any new ideas to grow our economy.  [[Page H505]]    With all of the majority's rhetoric about deficits over the last  decade or more, this budget explodes the deficit and adds $2 trillion-- as in T--to the national debt, only to set the stage for repeal of  healthcare assistance to millions of Americans.   What is more, the Congressional Budget Office has told us that repeal  of the Affordable Care Act would increase the deficit by $353 billion  over 10 years. Now, many of my colleagues have noted the devastating  effect of the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the effect that it  would have on millions of Americans' health. Thirty million Americans  would lose insurance, including 4 million children. The cost of  prescription drugs would go up for our seniors. Young people would lose  the coverage on their parents' health care. Women wouldn't be  protected, and men with preexisting conditions. Pregnancy would no  longer be covered.   The Affordable Care Act has made critical progress for Americans.  Millions have gained health care that they never had before. Our  uninsured rate is now at 8.9 percent. It is the lowest rate in the  history of our great country. It is nearly halved from before the  Affordable Care Act took place, as you can see from this chart. This is  something we should be proud of. We have allowed more and more and more  Americans to have health care when they need it. It is literally a  life-and-death situation to millions of Americans.   This reckless repeal of the Affordable Care Act will also cause  economic havoc. It not only hurts people; it hurts our economy. Now,  just last month, our economy added 144,000 private sector jobs--the  75th straight month of job growth in the United States of America. That  is something we can all be proud of. That is the longest stretch of job  creation since 1939 in our Nation's history.   That is in stark contrast to the way things were at the time that the  last Presidential transition took place. When Barack Obama took the  oath of office, our economy was shedding a staggering amount of jobs.  In December of 2008, the economy lost 695,000 jobs. The next month,  another 598,000 jobs gone. We were losing, over a period of time,  roughly 700,000 jobs a month. The banks were teetering, lending had  halted, the auto industry was exploding, our Nation was in economic  turmoil. The combination of a bursting asset bubble and bank panic  brought this country to the edge of collapse. It was the worst  financial crisis in global history, according to the head of the  Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke--in global history.   Today we have a very different story. Thank you, President Obama. Our  unemployment rate, which had soared up to 10 percent, is now at 4.7  percent. That is a great achievement. In 2016 alone, our country added  2.2 million jobs, bringing the total to over 15 million new jobs  created over the last 7 years. Instead of shedding jobs and losing jobs  under the prior administration, we were gaining.   Just look at this chart. We moved from the deep red valley of  political devastation, economic loss of jobs and suffering, to moving  out of our economic troubles to a continued growth of blue job  creation. In the job creation and in our economy, we also expanded  health care to help our people. Just look at this chart. It tells the  story--the deep red valley of economic devastation caused by the last  Republican administration and the steady job growth under President  Obama.   We are now seeing stronger job growth after years of stagnation. Over  the past year, average hourly earnings rose to 2.9 percent; another  great success. But now we are considering a heartless and, I would say,  reckless plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act; a move that threatens  to undo our progress and will turn millions of lives absolutely upside  down across this great Nation.   A report issued this month by The Commonwealth Fund outlined the  disastrous economic consequences of the majority's plan. In just the  first year of repeal, our economy will lose nearly 2.6 million jobs and  over $255 billion in economic output. Over the course of 5 years, our  economy will lose over $1.5 trillion in output.   These devastating job losses are not limited to the healthcare  industry. As was pointed out by many Democratic speakers, our whole  industry is intertwined. You can't cut the Affordable Care Act without  also impacting not only people, but also the delivery of services  through our hospitals, and also Medicaid and Medicare. It is all  intertwined. It is reckless to move forward and say: Oh, we are going  to come up with a good plan.   Well, where is it?   You have had years to come up with it. We have never seen it.   We will lose not just two-thirds, over 1.6 million, of jobs just in  health care, but also in related industries--construction, retail, and  other sectors. What is more, this repeal plan would also place massive  financial burdens on our State budgets.   The Commonwealth Fund report estimates that in just the first year,  States would lose out on $8.2 billion in tax revenue. Over 5 years, our  States would lose over $48 billion in tax revenue. That means hits to  our schools, our roads, our first responders, and our neighborhoods.   Of course, repealing the Affordable Care Act will hurt the millions  of people who have directly benefited from it. People have come up to  me and told me on the street: I finally have health care; I have health  care for my children; I know if they get hurt, they are going to be  taken care of.   People in my home State of New York will be hit very hard. Over 2.7  million New Yorkers have healthcare coverage today that they did not  have before because of the Affordable Care Act. Now their health care  is on the line, for they are among the 30 million who would lose health  coverage under the majority's repeal plan.   This not only hurts people, it cost economic development--a loss of  $89.7 billion in gross State product for my State of New York alone.   This is the way it is all across the country. Americans of every  political stripe, who work hard and play by the rules and think they  finally have health care, who have at long last gained it, are now  worried about what is going to happen to them tomorrow. They deserve  better. They deserve what they already have. They, at least, deserve a  plan.   We should not repeal. We shouldn't repeal it in the first place. But  if you are going to repeal it, let's be responsible about it and have  what it is you are going to put back in place to help people. It is  reckless to repeal it.   In the most advanced, most economically prosperous country in the  history of the world, our people deserve the certainty that they can  have access to health care for themselves and their families. With all  that is at stake--health care for millions, the loss of 2.6 million  jobs, economic havoc--it is simply irresponsible to move forward with a  budget, and reckless to repeal the Affordable Care Act without any real  solution to help people.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote against this  budget resolution, which is nothing more than a plan to take health  care away from Americans.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, first, I would  like to apologize to two dedicated members of the committee on which we  serve: Mr. Beyer and Mr. Delaney, who have been sitting here, waiting  for a long time. But Mr. Nadler tells me he has an absolute pressing  emergency and must go first.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler).    MALONEY of New York. I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from the great State of Virginia (Mr. Beyer.)    MALONEY of New York. I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Delaney), another distinguished member of  the Joint Economic Committee.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I urge a strong  ``no'' vote. This budget resolution jeopardizes the very health of our  citizens and puts our economic recovery at risk. I urge a ``no'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.   