 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 145,  expressing the support of the House of Representatives for the fight  against corruption in Central America.   In too many Central American countries, it has become common practice  for government officials to use public office to enrich themselves  instead of serving the public good. For too long, corruption has  allowed violence and poverty to hold these countries back.   But recently, the people of Central America have made it clear that  they are ready for a change. In the last 2 years, young people from  across the region have taken to the streets and demonstrated, and some  real progress has been made.   In Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, the attorneys general have  demonstrated independence and real courage.   In Guatemala, Attorney General Thelma Aldana has worked closely with  CICIG, the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala.  Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, CICIG has been instrumental in  improving the capacity of Guatemala's prosecutors and has assisted with  effective investigations into corruption and human rights violations.   In Honduras, Attorney General Oscar Chinchilla has worked with the  Mission to Support the Fight Against Corruption and Impunity in  Honduras, MACCIH, since 2016. Led by Juan Jimenez, MACCIH has promoted  important legal reforms and is assisting with the investigations of  high-profile corruption cases.   In El Salvador, Attorney General Douglas Melendez has made  significant progress in tackling high-level corruption cases. I hope  that the Government of El Salvador will recognize the value of CICIG  and MACCIH and accept the international assistance that the attorney  general and his prosecutors so clearly need.   Mr. Speaker, the countries of the Northern Triangle are at a crucial  point in this fight against corruption, and we cannot turn back the  progress that has been made. This resolution will send a very clear  message that the United States will be a steadfast partner in its  support for the fight against corruption in Central America.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan resolution.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel for their support and hard work in advancing this resolution.   Additionally, I thank Congressman Moolenaar, who worked with me to  draft and introduce this resolution and who has been a strong supporter  and advocate of the fight against corruption in Central America.   I also thank all of the cosponsors of this resolution.   