 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the men and  women of the Nebraska National Guard. For more than 150 years, the  Nebraska National Guard has been protecting our State and keeping our  Nation safe.   Established in 1854, the Guard predates the founding of the State of  Nebraska by 12 years, and those who serve in its ranks today carry on a  proud tradition. Whenever the Nation calls, Nebraska Guard men and  women have been at the leading edge, responding in times of military  need and national crisis.   When the shadow of fascism spread across Europe in World War II,  Nebraska's 134th Infantry Regiment was there to bring the light of  democracy back to the continent, liberating the French city of Saint-Lo  from Nazi occupation.   When terrorists struck on September 11, the Nebraska National Guard  was there to answer the call. In the time since, over 10,000 Nebraska  Guard soldiers and airmen have deployed to fight the War on Terror and  serve in defense of our Nation. This means that in the last 16 years,  there have been only 3 days when every Nebraska soldier and airman was  at home with their loved ones. Saying no is not part of the culture of  the Nebraska National Guard. When the Nation calls, there is no  hesitation. They go where the mission requires them to go.   At this very moment, we can find Nebraska soldiers and airmen  deployed all across the globe, protecting our great Nation. Whether it  is the dozens of National Guard men and women who are currently  conducting detainee operations at Guantanamo Bay or those preparing to  deploy next year to key positions in the Pacific and the Middle East,  our Guard stands ready to answer the call.   The Guard is also playing an important role in working with our  allies abroad. Since 1993, the Nebraska National Guard has been linked  with the Czech Republic through the State Partnership Program. As  Eastern Europe emerged from the heavy hand of communism, the Nebraska  National Guard was there working side by side with their military to  collaborate, share, and assist, forging a lasting bond that remains  strong to this day. This year marks the 25th anniversary of that  partnership, and we are all extremely proud of the work our Guard is  doing to help bring our democracies together.   That spirit of service extends to their operations here in the  homeland as well. When hurricanes so tragically struck our neighbors in  Texas, Florida, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico, the Nebraska Guard  was there to help. The numbers speak for themselves. In Texas, they  rescued 461 people and delivered 142,000 pounds of cargo, 6,000 pounds  of bottled water, and 1,000 pounds of medical supplies. During  Hurricane Irma, 102 members participated in an aviation task force for  support operations. Right now, 58 soldiers and airmen are providing  assistance to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.   The scope of their response to these disasters is a testament to  their dedication and showcases the flexibility of the Guard's mission.  Whether it is responding to domestic emergencies, overseas combat, or  reconstruction missions, these men and women are there to respond with  speed, efficiency, and strength.   One of the most impressive things about the Nebraska National Guard  is that these are regular, everyday citizens who decided to answer the  call to serve. They are our neighbors, our  [[Page S7077]]  friends, our spouses, sons and daughters, ordinary Nebraskans from  every background who decided to put on the uniform and make a  difference. That is why I am so honored to have a group of the Nebraska  National Guard's men and women visiting Washington today. I wish to  take this opportunity to personally thank them, their families, and  loved ones who support them, and all of our National Guard soldiers and  airmen for their good service. The Nebraska National Guard has seen a  lot of change in its history, but one thing remains the same: They  stand ready to serve.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   