 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good  friend, Sheila Jackson Lee, for her extraordinary leadership on this  issue and so many others, and I thank her for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317, the Stopping  Abusive Female Exploitation, or SAFE, Act. It is a bipartisan,  noncontroversial issue; and I hope this body unanimously supports it,  as it will save the health and protection and stop the abuse of girls  in our country.   I am the Democratic lead on this bill and, first, want to thank my  friend and colleague from Michigan (Mr. Trott) for his devotion,  extraordinary leadership, and commitment to bringing this bill to the  floor.   Female genital mutilation is an issue that affects women and girls in  the United States and around the world.   I want to express my regret that he has decided to retire from this  body. We will miss his leadership in Congress. His district, I am sure,  and State will miss it, and, I must say, I believe our country will  miss it. It is one thing when a woman champions a woman's issue, but to  have a like-minded man join you and lead you is a very, very special  expression of leadership, and I am deeply grateful for the gentleman's  leadership on behalf of the girls and women that this bill will help.   Female genital mutilation is a terrible, abusive practice that causes  immense physical and emotional pain and damage to young girls that can  last a lifetime. It is a Federal crime. Twenty-two States have laws  against it, yet it is still being practiced in our great country.   It is illegal in the United States, and while we condemn this  practice around the world, we really need to do more to stop it right  here at home.    MALONEY of New York. The CDC estimates that in 2012,  500,000 females in the United States have been subjected to or are at  risk of female genital mutilation, and that number is rising. It is up  to us to bring that number to zero.   This bill creates a harsher and more appropriate penalty, increasing  the current sentence of 5 years to 15 years imprisonment. Stricter  penalties for performing the procedure are critical to eradicating this  horrific abuse.   I not only thank my colleague, but also Chairman Goodlatte and  Ranking Member Nadler and our sponsors in the Senate, Senators  Feinstein and Grassley.   This is an important bill. I hope this entire body supports it. It  will literally save the lives of many young girls in our country.   