 Mr. President, over the years there has been a lot of  debate on the Senate floor, from healthcare to tax reform. There is no  doubt that some days it feels impossible to get the majority of  Republicans onboard with policies that truly help the families we  represent. But there is one thing that unites not only a large  bipartisan contingent in Congress but also the vast majority of  American people, and that is finding a path forward for the estimated  800,000 young men and women whose lives are right now in limbo--800,000  people, including 17,000 men, women, boys, and girls from my home State  of Washington who shared their information, paid a large fee, and  upheld their end of the bargain, only to have President Trump rip the  rug out from under them 3 months ago when he and Attorney General Jeff  Sessions announced the end of the DACA Program.   This Congress may not be able to change the Trump administration's  hateful rhetoric or shortsighted policies overnight, but we can and we  should pass the Dream Act as soon as possible. That is why we need more  Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle ready to roll up their  sleeves and get this done. Because every single day that Republican  leaders refuse to bring the Dream Act to the floor to a vote, another  122 young people lose their DACA status, they lose their ability to  work legally, and they lose their protection from deportation. That  means that every day, 122 of our neighbors, students, coworkers, and  friends could be forced from the only country they know, despite the  promise the Federal Government made to them when they signed up for  DACA and despite their immensurable contributions to our schools, our  hospitals, our universities, our stores, our farms, our churches, our  offices, and so much more. That means small and large businesses are  forced to lay off DACA recipients each day--vital employees in whom  businesses have invested money to train and support, employees who help  our economy and the small businesses in my State grow.    My friends on the other side of the aisle are constantly claiming  they want to help our small businesses grow. I listened to weeks of  their speeches on this as they tried to justify the tax bill. But  instead of a giveaway to the wealthiest 1 percent, one way my friends  across the aisle could actually help small businesses is to bring the  Dream Act up for a vote.   This morning, I had the great honor of sitting down with Dreamers who  traveled all the way here from my State across the Nation to fight for  action, young people who had no control over how they came to this  country but who have made conscious choices to improve their own lives  and make life better for their own community. They are passionate, they  are frustrated, and their stories need to be heard.   Here is just one of them. Paul was brought here to this country at  the age of 7 to be reunited with his father. Paul excelled in schools  in Pasco, WA, not far from where my own dad grew up. Paul and his  parents worried that despite Paul's success in K-12, going to college  and starting a career might be impossible. But DACA provided him and  his family with stability. Paul went to Gonzaga University in Spokane,  WA, as a double major in political science and economics, and he now  works in our State legislature.   Now, with DACA in question, it is not just Paul who isn't sure what  comes next for him but also his younger brother, Jose. Jose, who was  only 2 years old when he came here, grew up seeing what Paul, his older  brother, was able to achieve. He saw that DACA allowed Paul to live  without that constant fear. Jose was ready to follow in Paul's  footsteps and enroll in the DACA Program so he could pursue his dream  of an engineering degree at the University of Washington. Now, if  Congress doesn't act, we will have one less engineer in this country.   Paul and Jose are great examples of Dreamers who have worked hard.  They have aimed high, and they participate in our community and our  economy, making our country a better place. This country should be  rolling out the welcome mat to our Dreamers, not slamming the door shut  on them. And that is why I am here today with my colleagues to echo  their fear and frustration on the floor of the Senate and to call on  Republican leaders to work with us. Stop letting so many promising  young men and women fall off the rolls of this program each and every  day. Stop kicking this can down the road. Come together to do what is  right for these young people.   Ending the DACA Program is not what our country is all about. It  doesn't do anything to fix our immigration system, prepare for our  future, or grow our economy. Ending DACA won't heal the divisions we  have seen in our communities or make them any easier to fix. And ending  the DACA  [[Page S8222]]  Program certainly doesn't reflect a country of opportunity or promise-- something the United States has always aspired to be.   I urge my colleagues here in the Senate and over in the House to  think about the communities you represent. Think about the young men  and women who are currently studying for finals or caring for our sick  or teaching our children or responding to natural disasters or opening  businesses in the communities you travel to and live in. Think about  the young men and women who hope to serve in our military and defend  your freedom some day. Think of the Dreamers who have grown up in our  country and whose children are the future of our Nation. Think about  how much good we could do for these young men and women if my  Republican friends brought the same commitment and zeal to this task as  they did to their tax bill. Finally, work with Democrats to find a real  solution to end this unnecessary uncertainty.   I want to thank Paul and all the other advocates from my State whom I  met with in my office this morning and the many thousands of others who  are showing up in every way they can to make their voices heard and to  call on us here in Congress to act. Dr. Martin Luther King once said  that justice too long delayed is justice denied, and Dreamers are not  asking for anything other than what we have promised to them.   This is an incredibly difficult and uncertain time for so many  people, but Dreamers need to know that many of us in Congress and so  many across the country have their backs. We will get this done. We  have to get this done.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   