 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask for support for H.R.  2480, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand  Act.   I would like to thank Chairman Goodlatte and Ranking Member Conyers  for their support, as well as Congresswoman Karen Bass, Congressman  Steve Chabot, and Congressman William Lacy Clay from Missouri, my  friend, who have all co-led this effort with me.   The Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act  expands the authority of the Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grants  Program, or Byrne JAG, to enable law enforcement agencies to compete  for Federal funding specifically to develop and execute sex trafficking  demand reduction programs. Adding this provision provides State and  local agencies more flexibility in balancing precious resources to  address sex trafficking.   Today, when many Americans hear the term ``sex trafficking,'' they  might envision a young woman in Eastern Europe being abducted or a far- away brothel in Thailand. While both of these instances, sadly, happen,  Americans must realize that sex trafficking happens in thousands of  neighborhoods and cities all across our great country.   As recently as May, in the city of Springfield, Missouri, there were  two  [[Page H5491]]  young girls, ages 13 and 14, that were recently rescued. Those two  innocent girls were locked in a neighborhood home and forced to do  drugs and engage in sexual acts for money. After some heroic police  work, the man responsible was caught, but not before he robbed these  two young girls of their innocence and confined them to years of mental  torment.   This type of event occurs all too often and serves as a stark  reminder that this horrendous crime can occur anywhere. It is a  domestic problem that we cannot ignore.   Since 2007, the National Human Trafficking Hotline has reported  22,191 sex trafficking cases in the United States, and countless cases  remain unreported.   According to leading researchers and law enforcement agencies, one of  the primary causes of sex trafficking is consumer-level demand for  commercial sex. Sex traffickers have discovered that illicit support of  commercial sex is a lucrative business. In 2014, the Urban Institute  estimated that the underground sex economy ranged from $39.9 million in  Denver, Colorado, to $290 million in Atlanta, Georgia.   Despite the fact that demand is the ultimate cause of commercial  sexual exploitation of women and children, buyers are frequently  overlooked as offenders in crimes of domestic sex trafficking.  Recently, leaders in the law enforcement community have discovered that  the only effective practices for combating sex trafficking are those  that include combating demand for commercial sex.   There are two primary ways to directly influence actual and potential  buyers of commercial sex, and these are termed ``demand reduction  programs.'' They are: education of actual and potential buyers of  commercial sex, and law enforcement interventions aimed at deterring  those who might buy sex and punishing those who do.   Many law enforcement agencies execute demand reduction programs, such  as reverse sting operations, john schools, and community education.  However, resource limitations preclude them from expanding these  efforts. This bill provides law enforcement expanded funding  opportunities to support demand reduction efforts.   This is a huge step in the right direction because the Byrne JAG  grant is the cornerstone Federal crime-fighting program, enabling  communities to target resources to their most pressing local needs.   Byrne JAG's hallmark is its flexibility; thus, States and localities  are able to deploy Byrne JAG funding against their most pressing public  safety challenges, such as sex trafficking. This allows communities to  design complete programs, fill gaps, leverage other resources, and work  across city, county, and State lines.   The crime of sex trafficking rips through the fabric of our  communities and our country. We as Members of Congress must shed light  on this horrendous epidemic and provide our law enforcement agencies  with adequate resources to attack this problem at its source. H.R. 2480  will do that. It is a bipartisan solution to a nationwide problem.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this effort.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would like to thank  Chairman Thornberry and Ranking Member Smith for bringing this  important bill to the floor.   As Members of Congress, it is our responsibility to provide support  for our men and women in uniform while they selflessly serve our  Nation. This bill takes significant steps to address our military's  severe readiness crisis by ensuring that our troops have the resources,  training, and capabilities needed to face the growing threats of today.   As chairwoman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I am  proud of the provisions included in this bill to reform the Foreign  Military Sales process, provide funding to address the critical  infrastructure needs of the U.S. Nuclear Security Enterprise, and  protect our Nation's highly sensitive U.S. military information-- information that our adversaries are actively seeking to exploit.   This bill is good news for the warfighter. It authorizes 22  additional F-18 Super Hornets to help fill the Navy's strike fighter  shortfall and fully funds the B-21 Raider--a critical platform needed  to deter and defeat future aggression around the world.   I am proud to represent Missouri's Fourth Congressional District,  which is home to Whiteman Air Force Base and Fort Leonard Wood. This  bill funds modernization programs for the B-2 Spirit and authorizes  phase one of a new hospital facility at Fort Leonard Wood.   Since arriving to Congress, I have been fighting to address the  infrastructure needs of our Army ammunition plants, like the one at  Lake City, which is the sole source for our Army's small caliber ammo.  These plants are in dire need of modernization, and this bill  authorizes much-needed funding to help improve these deteriorating  facilities.    Thanks to the leadership of Chairman Thornberry, the Armed Services  Committee increased defense spending to meet the needs of today's  warfighter. I appreciate the opportunity to work with Ranking Member  Seth Moulton and all the committee members on this bill. I am proud of  the bipartisan fashion in which we work, and I urge my colleagues to  support its passage.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this  irresponsible amendment that allows the construction of facilities in  the U.S. to house detainees, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''  We are still at war with terrorism, and the law of war affirms that  detainees can properly be held off the battlefield for the duration of  the hostilities.   Both Republican and Democrats have repeatedly rejected bringing  terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay to the United States. It would be  a negligent act to transfer highly dangerous terrorists, such as  mastermind of 9/11, to U.S. soil to be housed near our neighborhoods  and near our families.   The gentleman said that these, they are not the worst of the worst,  that some people are just, you know, caught up perhaps, and they are  there. That is not true. I have been there multiple times. At this  point, we only have 41 left, and they are the worst of the worst. There  is no one left who you might even claim was just caught up and  accidentally arrested. That is false.   Like I said, I have visited multiple times to see firsthand the  threats facing our country, and the detention procedures carried out at  that facility.   It does not make sense to build a new facility to spend our precious  defense dollars here to house terrorists when we already have adequate,  very safe facilities at Guantanamo where they are being treated  humanely. It is legal and transparent. It is a remote location. It is  away from the battlefield and away from our loved ones.   So I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Yoho).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Wilson).    Mr. Chairman, I have no additional speakers, and I  reserve the balance of my time to close.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have?    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  amendment. It is not a wise use of our tax dollars to build new  facilities here like the gentleman wants to do to detain terrorists  when we already have adequate facilities that are doing a great job  right now at Guantanamo Bay. We need to keep our terrorists there, away  from our families, away from our communities.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to vote  ``no,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   