 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Frankel and  Congresswoman Jackie Speier of the Democratic Women's Working Group for  hosting tonight's Special Order and for their constant advocacy on  behalf of the victims of the Marines United scandal.   The gentlewoman is correct. While I was not blessed with a daughter,  I was blessed with three sons, one who I am proud to call a veteran of  the United States Air Force.   My son Christopher was the first one to leave home, and I can't  imagine, as a mother of a child who is leaving him for the first time  going into basic training, receiving the types of calls that these  parents must have received, completely heartbreaking.   One of the stories that my son shared with me was of a suicide that  happened that involved one of his classmates, and how the parents found  out about her suicide through a Facebook post because everyone was  sharing a condolence note.   So these things happen; and while we cannot and may not be able to  always control the actions of these young men and women, there is a  basic understanding and expectation from parents like myself that when  we send our boys, and our young men and our young women, daughters and  sons, to the military, that they will be taken care of; and when they  file a complaint, that those complaints will be taken seriously and  fully investigated. They deserve nothing less.   Sexual harassment in the military certainly isn't new, but this  scandal is a wake-up call that we cannot afford to ignore. The victims  of Marines United don't just deserve our sympathy and our support, they  deserve a commitment to doing everything that we can to finally bring  an end to sexual harassment in the military in all forms.   This isn't a case of boys being boys. This is a disgusting violation  of women who have taken an oath to defend our Nation.   I would like to read part of Erika Butner--corporal, U.S. Marine  Corps,  [[Page H3057]]  2011 to 2016--part of her testimony here today.   She begins by stating her name and thanking you for the opportunity  to testify at the August 8, 2011, hearing.   And she states: ``I enlisted in the United States Marine Corps  knowing I could have potentially deployed to a combat zone. If  presented the opportunity, I would have given my life for this country  without hesitation. Never once did I think the war I'd fight would be  among my very own brothers in arms.   ``During the time I spent in the Marine Corps, various clothed photos  of me were taken from my personal social media accounts without my  consent and shared on sites that are like Marines United with great  frequency. They would post my photo and caption it, `Smash or Pass,' in  other words, `Would you have sex with this woman or not?' followed by  extreme vulgar, degrading, and repulsive comments, including rape talk.  My so-called brothers in arms shared clothed photographs of me on  Marines United, posted my contact information, and discussed all the  unspeakable things they would like to do to me.   ``Comments I saw on other posts of the site included how female  marines aren't `real' marines and belong in the kitchen. One post  suggested friendly fire to the women who are now being integrated into  the infantry units. Another male veteran described how he would rip off  an Active-Duty female's eyelashes and then throw her into a tub of  acid. Many veterans think because the UCMJ does not apply to them,  they're immune from legal action.   ``This culture of sharing photographs has been going on long before  Marines United, and even before Facebook. With the use of social media  and other file-sharing sites, this behavior has developed into  something that has led to harassment and the degradation of men and  women servicemembers. If this behavior had not come to light, I believe  it would have continued as a dark secret of the military.''   Her statement goes on. I will not read the rest of it but continue by  saying that these aren't faceless strangers. They are our daughters,  our sisters, and our friends. They are American heroes who volunteered  to serve our country.   As a mother of a veteran, I know that our military is better than  this. Our men and women in uniform represent the very best of this  Nation, and I am proud to stand with my colleagues this evening in  support of bringing about the changes we need to put a stop to the  sharing of nonconsensual pornography in the military and, ultimately,  bring an end to sexual and gender-based violence and harassment in our  Armed Forces.   The next letter that I write to one of the academies recommending a  young lady from my district, I want the reassurance from our military  that her safety, her personal safety, will be taken seriously. And I  need to have a commitment that she is just as American as any male of  our military.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for this opportunity.   