 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, which  would designate the post office in Fairview, Illinois, as the Sgt.  Douglas J. Riney Post Office.   Sergeant Riney, who died on October 19, 2016, of wounds received from  hostile enemy forces in Kabul, Afghanistan, lived a life dedicated to  service.   After he graduated from Spoon River Valley High School, Sergeant  Riney became a volunteer firefighter with the Fairview Fire Protection  District. He was known as a man who could always be counted on by his  community, a man who felt a calling to public service. He joined the  Army, entering Active Duty in July of 2012.   Sergeant Riney was deployed as part of Operation Enduring Freedom  from July 2014 to February 2015. In June of 2016, he was again deployed  to Operation Freedom's Sentinel.   As part of the Support Squadron, 3rd Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry  Division from Fort Hood, Texas, Sergeant Riney excelled at his work.   Throughout his time in the Army, Sergeant Riney was repeatedly  recognized with commendations, including the Purple Heart, the Bronze  Star, and the Army Commendation Medal.   At home, Sergeant Riney lived with his wife, Kylie, and their two  children, Elea and James.   He is survived by his loving family: his father and his stepmother,  Dave and Kristie Riney; his mother and stepfather, Pam and Don Boland;  his brother, Jeff Budd; his sister, Stacey Budd; two stepbrothers,  Bryce and Kole Vaughn; and one stepsister, Ashlie Herrin.   On the fateful day of October 19, 2016, our Nation lost one of its  finest, and the community of Fairview lost one of its best.   The naming of the Fairview Post Office is just a small token of our  appreciation for Sergeant Riney, who made the ultimate sacrifice for  our Nation.   While we can never fill the hole left in the family, the Fairview  community, or the Nation, I hope this post office will serve as a proud  commemoration of a man who dedicated his life to serving others and as  an inspiration for those who just hear his name.   On behalf of the hardworking men and women of the Illinois 17th  Congressional District, I will never forget the service of Sergeant  Douglas Riney, and we will always honor his sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for the consideration of this  bill.   