 Mr. President, since the first day of this  administration, I have heard from women in my home State and nationwide  who are fearful of what President Trump will do to their health and  rights--from appointing a Supreme Court Justice who has made clear that  he opposes the historic ruling in Roe v. Wade, to trying at every turn  to undermine women's access to safe, legal abortion here in the United  States and abroad, to proposing a budget that would defund Planned  Parenthood and devastate investments in women's health. I know from  letters, calls, emails, tweets, rallies--you name it--that across the  country women feel under attack because of this administration's  policies and the willingness of Republicans in Congress to make sure  they are carried out.   Women are worried and, unfortunately, they have a right to be,  especially in this moment. In a matter of  [[Page S3691]]  days, Senate Republicans could bring their version of TrumpCare to this  floor. As many of us have said, this is the worst bill for women in a  generation. It will cut off access to critical healthcare services at  Planned Parenthood, our Nation's largest provider of women's  healthcare. It will allow our insurance companies to go back to  charging women more and interfere with women's constitutionally  protected reproductive rights. In fact, at literally every stage of  life, TrumpCare would stand in the way of women's access to the  healthcare they need.   Under this bill, young girls nationwide would lose Medicaid coverage.  College students across the country who go to Planned Parenthood for  contraception would find the centers they rely on shuttered. Women  would pay $1,000 more a month for maternity care, and women battling  cancer and women who are survivors would have to look ahead to being  discriminated against for having a preexisting condition. Senior women  would watch their premiums spike by as much as 850 percent because of  the age tax Republicans have inexplicitly chosen to include in this  bill.   I could go on, but let me just say that since President Trump and  Republicans first began trying to jam this bill through, I have heard  from countless women who would be impacted by the cruel policies I have  just described.   One of them is Kelly. Her son has a developmental disability and he  gets Medicaid coverage. There is Jennifer, who is fighting cancer tooth  and nail and is now worrying about what is going to happen if the  Medicaid expansion goes away. There is Tammy, whose congenital heart  disease made pregnancy life threatening and who was able to afford safe  and effective contraception because of her insurance coverage. Those  are just a few examples. I am so grateful to them and to the many, many  others who have spoken out and shared their stories.   We might think that with so many women thinking about how this bill  would impact them, with so much at stake for women's health, rights,  and financial security should TrumpCare be signed into law, Senate  Republicans would want to see what women thought of their version of  TrumpCare. But they have made it abundantly and offensively clear that  they do not.   They put together a working group of 13 men to draft their version.  They negotiated in secret. They wrote this bill in back rooms. Now  Senate Republicans are keeping it under lock and key until the very  last minute so that women have as little time as possible to see just  how badly this bill could harm them and their families. Women aren't  going to put up with that, and Democrats aren't either.   I am proud to be here this evening with a number of my Democratic  colleagues to call on Senate Republicans to stop hiding their bill from  women and bring it out in the light for the scrutiny it deserves.   My Republican colleagues are right, I think, to be ashamed of this  version of TrumpCare. But that doesn't mean it should be hidden from  view, and we are not going to stop until women across the country get  to read the fine print, instead of taking 13 male Republican Senators'  word for it.   While this is a truly difficult and frightening time for anyone who  believes that women should be able to make their own decisions about  their own healthcare and who think politicians should not be able to  interfere with those decisions, I have also been truly inspired by the  response I have seen to the extreme agenda President Trump and  Republicans are pursuing.   Since the first days of this administration, when I was so proud to  march with millions of women across this country and the world to stand  up for women's health and women's rights, women have continued to lead  the fight against this administration's constant efforts to take our  country backward. That is exactly what TrumpCare would do.   So let me be very clear. If Senate Republicans continue down this  path, if they choose to jam a secret bill through Congress and get it  signed into law instead of listening to people in this country and to  us and working with us on real solutions to fix our healthcare system,  you can be sure that women across the country--who will be forced to  pay more for their care or lose it altogether--are going to be ready to  make sure Republicans own every ounce of the harm they cause.   So I am here tonight to urge Republicans to make the right choice,  and I will join women across the country in holding them fully  accountable if they don't.   I yield the floor.   