 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up  H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Sayra, from  California, who is pursuing her MBA.    Mr. Chair I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3354-- ``Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018''. I am  particularly concerned with Section 134 of Division H which prohibits  states from setting meal break, rest break, and wage standards to  protect truck drivers.   On July 9, 2014, the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that  trucking operators in California must abide by California labor law and  allow for a 30-minute meal break after 5 hours of work and a 10-minute  rest break after 4 hours of work. This meal and rest break standard is  very reasonable when you consider that truck drivers can be subject to  14 hours of on-duty time. Section 134 overturns the Circuit Court's  decision and prohibits California from addressing truck driving safety  with these regulations.   Section 134 goes further than just overturning California's laws, it  also preempts laws in 21 states and territories that guarantee meal and  rest breaks. These states include Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware,  Illinois, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada,  New Hampshire, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee,  Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Guam, and Puerto Rico States should  be allowed to set meal and rest break standards as they see fit for the  health and safety of their workers.   Section 134 is additionally harmful because it attacks the wages of  truck drivers. Section 134 allows trucking companies to pay truck  drivers on a per load basis even if their routes are delayed for no  fault of their own. This is a major problem is Southern California  where truck drivers are delayed by overcrowding at the ports, by  traffic on our freeways, and by delays at warehouses. A truck driver in  Southern California can set out to haul 5 loads per day but only end up  hauling 2 loads. California sets standards to make sure that truck  drivers make at least the minimum wage and are paid for sick time.  Section 134 would overturn state based wage laws and allow trucking  companies to pay drivers less than the minimum wage.   Section 134 should have no place in this appropriations bill because  this is a legislative rider in the jurisdiction of the Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee. The Transportation Committee debated this  provision during consideration of the Fast Act and it was wisely  rejected by the FAST Act Conference Committee.   Mr. Chair, Section 134 is opposed by the State of California, the  Teamsters, truck safety groups, and the Owner-Operated Independent  Truck Drivers which represent over 90 percent of the companies in the  trucking industry.   Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose section 134 and urge my colleagues to  vote against this bill.   