 Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you, Senator Blunt,  for your leadership.   I am excited about what we are talking about today. I am excited for  my State of West Virginia. The main thing that people in West Virginia  want is a good job. A good job, with more take-home pay and a higher  wage, is exceedingly important to the families I represent, so tax  reform and any other policies Congress could support will enhance  growth and create more job opportunities around the country.   Let me focus on my State of West Virginia. According to the Economic  Innovation Group, more than 34 percent of West Virginians are living in  distressed communities. Unfortunately, that number is the third highest  of any State in the country. At the same time, only 3.4 percent of West  Virginians are living in prosperous communities.   There are States that are prosperous and have done very well, but the  vast majority of our States have really struggled. Only two in five  communities have seen any job growth in the past 5 years during our so- called recovery. That is not the definition of a recovery. Since 2010,  fully 50 percent of U.S. job growth has occurred in just 2 percent of  our country's counties. Think about that. Economic growth has only  occurred in 2 percent of the counties across this great country.   The truth is that most of our country has been mired in economic  stagnation. We have been standing still. I saw Lou Holtz give a speech  one time, and he said: If you are standing still, you are going  backward. If you are not moving forward, you are going backward. There  has been a slow recovery, but for many West Virginians, there has been  no recovery at all.   But it isn't all doom and gloom in our State because we have an  opportunity for change--the change we really need that helps our  struggling, working-class families, that changes and revitalizes our  distressed communities, changes that lead to economic growth and  creates opportunity for future generations.   In fact, West Virginia, in the first quarter, grew by 3 percent. We  were the second fastest in growth in the entire Nation. To be sure, one  quarter of growth is not a trend, but it does demonstrate the potential  that we have if we do it right here for our citizens. The potential of  capital growth is there, but one of the biggest drags on our economy in  recent years has been excessive regulations, which we have addressed  quite a bit here in the first 9 months of President Trump's term. We  have worked hard to bring reason into the regulatory environment and  also our burdensome Tax Code.   What can we do? We can reduce taxes that impede our growth. Let's  think about our small businesses. In many States, they are the major  economic driver of our economy. In my State of West Virginia, 95.6  percent of the businesses are small businesses. They employ nearly half  of the West Virginia private sector workforce, so nearly half of West  Virginians are working in what is defined as a small business. Yet they  can face a tax rate as high as 39.6 percent. Think about that. If you  own a bakery or an accounting firm, in a 5-day workweek, you have to  work Monday and Tuesday just to pay the government. It is no wonder  that small businesses have found it difficult to open, let alone  succeed, in many parts of our country.   The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed  world. A lot of people are asking, how does that influence me? It is  influencing the working American because the working American is  bearing the brunt of that tax. Because of our outdated Tax Code, real  wages for most workers have barely increased over the years. West  Virginians understand that, as hard as they work, the government is  taking more money from them. It costs them more money every time they  go to the grocery store, every time they buy clothing for their  children, every time they try to buy a new car. It is just more  expensive with no growth in their wages to be able to bear that  expense. It feels impossible to get ahead.  [[Page S6172]]    We see that all around our States and localities. We see people  thinking, I can't get ahead, and I haven't been able to over the last 5  to 10 years. I am starting to think it is impossible.   But we can fix this. It is not impossible. We can create an  environment in which there is more opportunity available and wages are  higher by modifying our Tax Code. We can have a simpler system with  lower rates, and families can see relief from the complexity of our Tax  Code. I have seen it stacked up before. If you haven't, I am 5 feet 3  inches, and I think it is taller than I am when stacked up page to  page.   Along with the complexities, people need to keep more of their hard- earned money. It will help our companies grow. When our companies grow,  what happens? We have more jobs, fairer taxes, and best of all, besides  more jobs, we have higher paychecks. With more earnings, companies can  hire new workers, increase wages, and invest in new developments. These  are changes that I think West Virginians are hungry for.   The time is now. The stagnation we have felt over the last decade has  worn us down, has made us lose our optimism about being able to have a  better life than our parents had or our children thinking they could  have a better life than we had. You know, the American dream is sort of  fading for a lot of people, so comprehensive tax reform can provide  that kind of relief.   I am excited that we can create that environment of optimism, that  environment of confidence in not just our companies and our ability to  create more jobs and raise our paychecks, but that confidence that we  need as a country that, yes, we can live in our communities in rural  America, like West Virginia or North Carolina or Missouri, that we can  live in those communities, have a great chance to move ahead, have a  good retirement when we decide we are at the end of the line in terms  of our working career, and also pass on to the next generation a  competitive environment that can compete financially anywhere in the  world.   We know we can compete anywhere in the world in a lot of different  areas. Right now, we are on an uneven playing field. When we change  this and when we fix this--because we can fix this--that will change  the playing field for every single American who gets up in the morning  or goes to work in the evening, to have the confidence that things are  going to be better for them.   I thank the Senator from Missouri, and I look forward to talking  about this over the next several weeks.   