 Mr. President, some 800,000 people in this country woke  up this morning with great uncertainty about their future because of  President Trump's reckless, hateful agenda. Young men and women in this  country are now unsure if they will be able to finish their college  degree in the United States. They are unsure if they can keep their job  at the hospital or as a firefighter or serve in our military to fight  for our freedom. They are unsure if they can keep their homes or remain  with loved ones, and they are scared that this country might break its  promise and use against them the very information that they submitted  to enroll in DACA in order to find them and deport them. That is  appalling, and it marks a very sad time for this United States of  America.    President Trump has caused a lot of divisive and disheartening  moments since the start of the year, but rescinding DACA is an  unusually cruel and heartless move even for this administration, and it  flies in the face of so much of what and who made this country what it  is. So I am here today, with my colleagues, to urge all of us in the  Senate to use this moment of uncertainty and division to do what is  right--to come together to defend DACA.   Use your voices for the Dreamers in your States and the many others  who are calling and writing and marching in our streets, urging all of  us to act for our neighbors and our coworkers, our students, our  doctors, our engineers, our friends, and our first responders, who are  stepping up at this very moment to protect people from the hurricanes  that are wreaking havoc in Texas and Florida to the wildfires that are  blazing in the West.   Let's stand behind our colleagues, Senator Durbin and Senator Graham,  who have already paved a bipartisan path forward on this issue and who,  just hours after the President's announcement, reiterated that they are  ready to get this done. I am too.   There are more than 17,000 young men and women in my home State of  Washington who are deeply connected to their communities. They were  brought to this country as children. Some of them were so young when  they arrived that they did not even know they were not born here until  years or, maybe, even a decade later when they went to apply for  college or to get a job.   Just yesterday, I heard about a young man in my home State who is  very distraught. He was brought to the United States as a toddler. He  did not know that he was not a citizen until he turned 16 and went to  get his driver's license. As a result, he signed up for DACA. He got  his license and he got a job, and he is now in his second year in a  science program at a community college, getting straight A's and hoping  to transfer to the University of Washington. Now he is frightened that  he is going to lose all of that and be forced to go to a country that  he has never known. He says that he does not know anyone in Mexico nor  has he been there to visit.   That is just one story.   I sat down with a number of Dreamers in my State. They are ambitious,  they work hard, they play by the rules, and they do the right thing.  They know one home--America. To penalize them for forces beyond their  control is simply not what this country is about.   While President Trump may see ending DACA as a political move to  pander to his extreme, hard-line base, I know that the majority of  people across this country will stand up and fight back. They will not  let President Trump strip away protections or use Dreamers as a  bargaining chip for his hateful crackdown on immigrants in our  communities or on wasteful border wall spending.   As a voice in Congress for my State, I stand ready to work with my  colleagues on either side of the aisle to find a solution so as to  honor the 800,000 Dreamers who call America home and to honor the very  foundation of our immigrant Nation.   I yield the floor.   