 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 995, the 21st  Century Respect Act, which we all know is a bipartisan bill that will  remove outdated and offensive racial labels from the Code of Federal  Regulations.   Mr. Speaker, we all know that words matter. They matter. We all stand  and recite the Pledge of Allegiance every day. Every day I take those  words very, very seriously. Words do matter.   It is time that we remove outdated and offensive language from any  code, policy, law, regulation: words like Eskimo, words like Oriental-- my God--words like Negro. They matter. As elected officials, we have a  responsibility.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  being a leading voice on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Law Enforcement Mental  Health and Wellness Act, which I am proud to cosponsor with my friend  and colleague, Representative Susan Brooks from Indiana.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank all of my colleagues for their  support on this very important issue.   Our law enforcement officers respond to some of the most horrific  scenes and situations. After 27 years in law enforcement, how well I  know. They respond without regard to their own personal safety, and  they are the thin blue line that stands between a safe place and the  dangers that lurk in our society.   We should all thank God for the men and women who patrol our streets,  our neighborhoods, our businesses, our schools, and our highways to  keep us safe.   Being a law enforcement officer is not just what they do, it is who  they are--all the dangers, the unknowns, the graphic crime scenes,  split-second, life-and-death decisions. Don't be fooled. There is no  other job quite like it.   The national president of the Fraternal Order of Police said this:  ``Unlike many other professions, sometimes you can't leave the job at  the office.''    Mr. Speaker, as a former law enforcement officer, I am proud to  cosponsor the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. This  important piece of legislation would ensure that agencies are better  equipped and officers have the resources needed to effectively deal  with the stress and mental health challenges associated with the job.   Mr. Speaker, what an amazing opportunity we have to pass legislation  to protect the mental health and overall well-being of the men and  women in blue as they continue to protect and take care of us.   