 Mr. Speaker, I opposed similar legislation  in a markup yesterday, and I cannot support it today. My concerns are  not with the exceptional qualifications and decades of honorable  service of General Mattis, but I am opposed to a process that has made  this House irrelevant.   We have an obligation under the law to review this nomination based  on General Mattis' military service, a law that codified the principle  of civilian control of the military. General Mattis agreed, and was  even eager, according to the chairman, to speak before the Armed  Services Committee.   The people have the right to know that the Presidential transition  team blocked him from appearing. The American people, frankly, don't  care  [[Page H523]]  what unelected members of the transition team think and would much  rather hear from General Mattis on why we in the House should grant  this exception to law.   His testimony would be in all of our best interest. General Mattis  could certainly start the new relationship that he has with the House  Armed Services Committee, with our committee, through a thoughtful and  a productive conversation on the issues.   Today we are casting off our duty and agreeing to be irrelevant. To  accept this legislation without making the appropriate changes, without  fully participating in this legislative process, under a closed rule,  we are doing nothing to safeguard civilian control of our military. In  fact, we are accepting poorly drafted language, and we are not  performing proper oversight.   Why are we doing that?   Because the President-elect's transition team said so.   My colleagues have said that there is no requirement that General  Mattis speak before us, but I want to say to them: Why cede our power  to the Senate? Both houses of Congress have a duty here. Why let a  nascent administration push us and a distinguished general around?   I will not roll over and allow the transition team to dictate the  charge of the people's House. We can fix this, Mr. Speaker, and we  should.   