 Madam President, the American people have gotten a lot  of lip service over the past 10 months. Remember draining the swamp and  fighting for the forgotten families? The President apparently forgot  them when he filled the Cabinet with a who's who of Wall Street. How  about every single American having better, cheaper healthcare? That  was, of course, before Republicans tried to kick millions of people off  of their coverage, increase costs for millions more, and gut  protections for people with preexisting conditions.   You would think it would be tough to top all of that, but here we are  watching as Republicans, led by President Trump, twist themselves into  knots trying to convince hard-working families that the GOP tax plan is  anything but a high-priced giveaway to millionaires, billionaires, and  the biggest corporations. It is a high-priced giveaway paid for by--you  guessed it--the middle class and those who can least afford it. This is  so wrong, and I am glad, finally, the phones across the Capitol are  today lighting up with constituents demanding to know how anyone  promising to represent them could possibly put their name on this  terrible, partisan, fast-tracked bill because they see the same  nonpartisan reports we all do. They know expert after expert has  confirmed what we all know: The Republican tax plan will hurt millions  of everyday Americans, including those who are already falling behind  in an economy that tilts further and further in favor of the wealthiest  few. They know the Republican tax plan takes money out of their  pockets. They know it guts their healthcare by spiking premiums and  leaving millions and millions of  [[Page S7373]]  Americans without the coverage they need. They know it papers over our  Nation's paid family leave problem, instead giving corporations a  massive giveaway and leaving families who need to care for loved ones  in the lurch. They know it adds trillions of dollars to the national  debt, setting up, once again, the perfect foil for Republicans to then  come after Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and other middle-class  priorities when the bill comes due.   In case that wasn't enough, the Senate Republican tax bill adds a  backdoor attempt to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to  drilling for oil, just for good measure. Republicans are even trying to  pay for tax cuts for those at the top by sabotaging families'  healthcare in this bill in a way that would spike premiums, cause 13  million people to lose their coverage, and creates more chaos in the  healthcare system.   I know they are claiming the bipartisan bill I reached with Chairman  Alexander can somehow fix this if it is signed into law and that other  bipartisan legislation to help States cover the costs of enrolling very  sick patients might help, too, but let me make very clear, that is very  wrong. This is the classic example of trying to fit a square peg into a  round hole and would be cold comfort to the people across the country  who will struggle even more to get the care they need while at the same  time watching massive corporations get more tax breaks they don't need.   If anyone was still under any illusion that Republicans were  concerned about the middle class or fiscal responsibility or even  regular order, that ends here and now. This is shameful and wrong. I  have to say, it is not too late. I say this to my Republican  colleagues, let's move right now to the bipartisan work we know our  constituents actually want and expect. Let's return to a process that  allows a true debate about our values and priorities as a nation. Let's  talk about ways to help our workers and grow the economy from the  middle out, such as access to high-quality childcare and pre-K for all  of our working families; providing meaningful paid family and medical  leave for every American; making college more affordable; investing in  retirement security for our workers; supporting our veterans; and  making healthcare higher quality, more affordable, and more accessible.  Those are the kinds of conversations we should be having. Those are the  people we should be investing in. We will not stop reminding you of  that every day until you give up this cruel tax plan.   I yield the floor.   