 Mr. President, I am here this evening to stand with the  patients and families and communities nationwide to make sure they have  a voice to continue speaking out against TrumpCare and to urge our  Republican colleagues to stand with their constituents and join  Democrats in rejecting this mean bill.   Before I go any further, I want to talk about an incredible group of  families I met with recently who are making their voices heard against  TrumpCare. These are parents with kids who are battling serious and  complex medical conditions. These families have spent the majority of  their summer here in Washington, DC, sharing their stories about what  having healthcare means to them.   The little lobbyists, young kids 3 years old, 5 years old, should be  at home in their neighborhoods like other kids, but, instead, they are  here fighting for their own healthcare and their lives.   I held a press conference with these families here in the Capitol,  where their parents shared stories about what TrumpCare would mean for  them and their families. They spoke about their worries and their fears  for the future.   One story was that of Elena Hung and her daughter Xiomara. Xiomara is  3 years old. She will be starting school this fall. You can tell she is  one of those kids with incredible energy, who just lights up a room.  But Xiomara was born with complications in her lungs, heart, and  kidneys. She needs a tracheostomy, a feeding tube, and a ventilator  just to stay alive.   Elena has told me what it has meant for her and her family to have  healthcare these last couple of years. Elena and her husband both have  professional degrees, good-paying jobs, and savings in the bank. They  have done everything right, as Elena put it, and played by the rules,  but nothing prepared them for dealing with the expensive care Xiomara  would need. The hospitalizations, multiple surgeries, and medical  equipment have all added up to cost more than $3 million.   Elena talked about the uncertainty that TrumpCare has caused her  family. Because of TrumpCare, she said that they are terrified about  lifetime caps coming back and about losing their home or going  bankrupt. If they lose their healthcare, Xiomara's 10 preexisting  conditions may make her uninsurable. This is so wrong. The Hung family  should be able to focus on Xiomara, the care she needs, and getting the  right specialists and therapies to advance her treatment.   The Morrison family, whom I also met with, shouldn't have to worry  about their son Timmy getting the care he needs.   Xiomara and Timmy and all the other little lobbyists deserve to be  kids, live at home, to go to school, grow up, and just live. That was  Elena's message to our Republican colleagues, and I couldn't agree with  her more.   I have seen my share of contentious legislation during my time in the  Senate. I have seen quite a few Democratic bills that Republicans  couldn't stand. I saw Republican bills that Democrats would never vote  for. I understand that some of my colleagues may disagree with certain  parts of the Affordable  [[Page S4132]]  Care Act. But what I can't understand is why anyone would ignore real  life stories of their own constituents whose lives have changed and  even been saved by this law. For one, that is not how you have a  serious policy debate--ignoring your constituents and facts and fudging  the numbers. More importantly, that is not what we were sent here to do  by the people we represent. They rightly expect and deserve better.   What we have seen for the last 7 years--and since the Republican  leadership began their efforts to repeal the ACA--has been truly  unprecedented. In January of this year, the Republican leadership  kicked Democrats out of the process entirely under reconciliation.  Since then they have done everything possible to prevent not just  Democrats but anyone other than their own party to be involved in that  process--no hearings, no scrutiny, no public input, no expert  testimony. When they finally released the TrumpCare bill after months  of negotiating in secret in a room of 13 men, it was no surprise that  it was immediately rejected by people across the country because it was  clear that their bill isn't actually about healthcare--far from it.  Their bill is about giving a massive gift to the wealthy and already  well-connected on the backs of children and working families and people  with disabilities and the sick and elderly.   So Democrats, Republicans, Independents, and millions of people have  stood up and said no to this awful bill, no to increasing costs to  families and seniors, no to putting insurance companies back in charge,  no to kicking tens of millions of people off their health insurance, no  to attacking women's health and rights. In fact, one study came out  showing it was the least popular bill in three decades.   I guess it is no surprise that my Republican colleagues didn't want  to defend this bill, but here is what is frankly appalling: What did  Republican leaders do in the face of large-scale, popular rejection of  the bill? What did Republican leaders do after Members of their own  party said that they couldn't vote for it without massive changes to  help more people? They made the bill worse. They did nothing to address  the concerns that even many Republicans--Governors, Senators, and so  many others--had about the massive cuts to Medicaid that would be  devastating to patients and to our States. They did nothing to truly  address the defunding of Planned Parenthood and cutting off access to  care for millions of women. They included an opioid fund so  insignificant that a Republican Governor said it would be like  ``spitting in the ocean.''   When it comes to affordability and putting insurance companies back  in charge, Republican leaders not only didn't fix that problem, they  made it a whole lot worse. They caved to the most extreme Members of  their caucus by including the Cruz-Lee provision. Now with every  sweetener, every tweak, they have not only made the bill worse, they  have made it unworkable, and even in violation of the Senate  reconciliation process.   Now, as soon as tomorrow, the Republican leadership is saying that  they are going to move forward with either a vote on their failed  TrumpCare bill, a vote to repeal the ACA entirely--with no plan to help  families who would be devastated--or maybe a vote on the disastrous  House version of the TrumpCare bill. Nobody knows, especially our  Republican colleagues.   It is like Leader McConnell is setting up Senate Republicans to play  ``choose your own adventure'' with our families' healthcare. Even he  does not know for sure where this will end, but he is clearly willing  to do whatever it takes to get to yes, and so is President Trump. He is  doing what he does--tweeting threats, stirring up his extreme base,  sending Vice President Pence to twist arms to try to convince a few  more Republicans to stay quiet about their very legitimate concerns.  Yet, as we head toward a possible vote tomorrow, I hope my Republican  colleagues--especially those who have already indicated that they  oppose this bill and process--will demand better for their own  constituents.   I am going to keep saying this until it sinks in, which is that  Democrats are ready, as we always have been, to work with Republicans  to improve our healthcare system and make healthcare more affordable,  more accessible, of higher quality, and to clean up the mess that has  now been made with their efforts to sabotage the ACA in order to jam  this TrumpCare bill through.   Let's be clear. As President Trump and Republicans have tried to pass  TrumpCare legislatively, they have also implemented it by undermining  our current healthcare system. Unless they get serious and get to work  with Democrats, families are going to face higher premiums in 2018, and  they will have fewer choices--all because of partisan political  tactics.   This fight is on the razor's edge, and Democrats are going to keep  doing everything we can to stop it. We just need a few Republicans to  join us, to stand on the side of patients and families and say no to  TrumpCare. Democrats will do everything we can to persuade more  Republicans to join us, but what has made the difference thus far, what  has truly mattered, is when Republicans have heard from their own  constituents.   I am here tonight to strongly urge people across the country to ramp  up the pressure in these last few hours. Keep calling and tweeting.  Double down on your advocacy, and make your voices heard. Again, we  have less than 24 hours until the Republican leadership plans to hold a  vote.   Republican Senators, we also need to hear from you. Now is the time  to stand up, do the right thing, and oppose TrumpCare once and for all.   I know a number of our colleagues are going to be coming to the floor  tonight to talk about this, and they will be raising their voices and  their concerns. I urge all Senators to stand with us tomorrow and vote  no.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   