 Mr. President, I come to the floor of the Senate tonight  with my colleagues to share the stories of families in our home States  whose lives are now healthier or have even been saved because of the  Affordable Care Act, including those who depend on Medicare and  Medicaid, people whose voices now more than ever need to be heard here  in Washington, DC.   But first, I am going to make clear how the Republican plan to repeal  the Affordable Care Act will rip apart our health care system. And  after what came to light late last week, I also come to the Senate  floor tonight to stand with the millions of women, men, and families  nationwide who are rightly outraged that this reckless and harmful  effort also includes a plan to defund Planned Parenthood.   For 7 years now, congressional Republicans have made all kinds of  empty promises about how undermining families' health care isn't going  to hurt anyone; that if the Republican-controlled Congress privatizes  Medicare, cuts Medicaid, defunds the Nation's largest provider of  women's health care, and guts public health and prevention programs,  somehow families are going to be magically better off.   Well, let me be clear. Ripping apart our healthcare system with no  plan to replace it will create chaos. This is a view shared not just by  the Senate Democrats who are here tonight but by independent experts.  In fact, it is a view shared increasingly by State Republican leaders  across the country, including some Senators and Congressmen.  [[Page S141]]    Last Friday, just to cite one example, the Republican Governor of  Arizona urged his party in Congress not to rush to repeal the  Affordable Care Act, saying: ``I don't want to see any Arizonan have  the rug pulled out from underneath them in terms of changing this  law.''   Mr. President, if Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act, it is  women and kids and seniors and patients with serious illness and people  with disabilities who will bear the burden. Premiums will skyrocket.  Out-of-pocket prescription drug costs will rise, and overall health  care costs will increase. It is a perfect storm to make America sick  again and is absolutely the wrong direction for our families and our  economy.   Mr. President, I have to say, I have never seen a start like this to  a Congress, where the majority is jamming legislation through on a  fast-tracked basis with no hearings for public debate or actual  legislative text. As a former chairman of the Budget Committee, I have  to say I have never seen such an abuse of the budget process.   What many of my Republican colleagues are doing right now is  unprecedented, but it gets worse. As if all of their harmful plans  weren't enough, House Republicans announced last week after meeting  with Vice President-Elect Pence that they plan to defund Planned  Parenthood in this budget. In other words, congressional Republicans  are not only trying to undo a law that protects women from being  charged more than men for their health care and ensures birth control  is covered without a copay, they are also going after the Nation's  largest provider of women's health care as well. They are doubling down  on their shameful and tired obsession with undermining women's access  to health care, and it will have devastating consequences for women's  health and rights and economic security.   So I am here with a very clear message: not on my watch. I, along  with my colleagues and women and men across the country, have fought  this fight before in 2011, in 2013, in 2016, and we will fight it in  2017. We know what Planned Parenthood means to millions of patients-- men and women--who have trusted it for over 100 years for cancer, STD  screenings, for HIV tests, birth control, and so much more. We are not  going to let extreme politics get in the way of their health care. So  if Republicans think causing chaos in our health care system,  heightening economic uncertainty, attacking women's health and rights,  and burdening our seniors and their families with higher health care  costs somehow makes our country ``greater,'' they are obviously not  listening to millions of families who did not vote in November for  higher premiums or a health care system thrown into chaos.    I have gone back to my home State of Washington, and I have heard  from moms and dads and grandparents who are finally experiencing some  stability and are able to cover their families with quality, affordable  health insurance--many for the very first time. There was a mom from  Bellingham, WA, who sent me a story about how the Affordable Care Act  helped save her son's life when doctors found a life-threatening blood  clot during a routine physical. She was not only able to afford the  preventive check-up that found the clot because of her new coverage,  but her son's treatment was then covered by the Affordable Care Act  through the Medicaid expansion.   I heard from a small business owner from Spokane, WA, who told my  office about his wife, a retired nurse of 62, and how she was able to  get a better plan thanks to the Affordable Care Act. He told us what  this meant for his wife and his family. You bet he gets upset when he  hears Republicans say the law hasn't worked for anyone or that they  want to privatize Medicare by turning it into a voucher program.   Finally, I want to share the story of Kalon, who is a software  engineer from Seattle, and his son Bryce. Kalon reached out to my  office right after the November election. Two years ago, his son Bryce  was kayaking in West Virginia and he injured his back. The pain in  Bryce's back didn't go away for months. What doctors first suspected as  a stubborn muscle strain ended up to be a rare type of bone cancer  called Ewing's sarcoma, a horrible illness. Thankfully, his family had  health insurance.   Today Bryce is getting excellent treatment at Seattle Children's  Hospital, where doctors have been able to ease some of his pain, and he  is responding well now to chemotherapy. Bryce, who is now almost 18,  will need care--expensive care--for many years to come, and Bryce's  dad, Kalon, is greatly concerned that, if the Affordable Care Act goes  away, the preexisting condition protection that we fought so hard for  in this law will go away, and his son will not be able to afford health  care or get the benefits or treatments he is going to need in the  future.   Those are just three stories, but they represent many of the more  than 600,000 people in my State who are part of the 30 million  Americans across the country who are benefitting from this law today.  Of course, there is more we need to do. I said it before. The work  didn't end when the Affordable Care Act was passed--far from it.  Democrats are ready. We have always been ready to work together to make  health care more affordable and more successful and better for our  families.   I hope Republicans reverse course right now and agree to work with us  on improvements to the health care system. That is the path to take if  they are truly serious about helping families. If they don't, and if  they continue rushing to take away families' health care with no  alternative plan, they will be fully responsible, and they certainly  will be held accountable. The real impact will be on millions of  families across our country, families like the ones I just talked about  and those you are going to hear about throughout tonight--Democrats,  Republicans, and Independents who do not want to see this law repealed  and want us to work together to improve it instead.   I hope Republicans are listening. I urge them to make the right  choice.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   