 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and chair of this  Special Order hour (Mr. Veasey) and the chair of the Congressional  Black Caucus (Mr. Richmond). It is indeed an honor, Mr. Speaker, for me  to stand here with these colleagues tonight.   We come tonight with a strong message. We are here to speak out  against President-elect Trump's Cabinet nominations who, based on their  records, are, in my opinion, too divisive, too extreme, too out of  touch, and unable to protect the interests and the safety of all  Americans--individuals like Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos.   Trust me, Mr. Speaker, these nominees need to be vetted. The American  people deserve to know who will be in charge of these critically  important Federal agencies.   We are extremely concerned with Senator Jeff Sessions' nomination to  be the U.S. Attorney General. Sessions, as you have heard tonight and  you will continue to hear, has continuously obstructed the progress we  have made with the enactment of the historic civil rights legislation  of the 1960s.   He has consistently, Mr. Speaker, fought to block legislative efforts  to ensure racial equality, including his staunch opposition to full  enforcement of the Voting Rights Act--the very bill, Mr. Speaker, if  confirmed, he would be in charge of enforcing and protecting.   Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues. We cannot allow that to happen.   Next up in Trump's Cabinet of cronies is his nominee for Education  Secretary, Betsy DeVos, who has pushed to expand taxpayer-funded  vouchers for private and religious schools and has absolutely zero  experience as an educator or an educational leader. She has, however,  Mr. Speaker, spent millions of dollars lobbying for school choice  proposals which harm disadvantaged and at-risk communities.   Now, I am from the great State of Ohio, and to have someone owe our  Ohio Elections Commission $5.3 million, we cannot allow that to happen.  We have to be the voice for the people. Especially those people who are  voiceless.   Mr. Speaker, let me end by saying that as a member of the  Congressional Black Caucus, I stand here tonight wanting the public to  know that we are concerned and we are exercising our right and our  voice.   