 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 337, the Black Hills National  Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act.   I thank the chairman of the committee and his staff for working so  hard to move this bill through Congress. Their support means so much to  our veterans and to their families.   Those who have served and those families who have sacrificed beside  them deserve our Nation's eternal gratitude. Since 1948, the Black  Hills National Cemetery has been one way that we have shown that  appreciation to them. The cemetery currently covers about 100 acres of  land and is home to the Korean War Veterans Memorial. Its peaceful  landscape serves as the final resting place for hundreds of  servicemembers and their family members.  [[Page H987]]    Chief David Beautiful Bald Eagle is among the brave men and women  buried here. Born in a tepee in 1919, Chief Bald Eagle served our  country in World War II as a paratrooper and as one of the legendary  Lakota code talkers. We lost him last summer, but his life continues to  be an inspiration to the Lakota people and those who knew him.   Brigadier General Richard E. Ellsworth was also laid to rest there.  He was a man who flew 400 combat missions during World War II. He  earned numerous medals and returned to the U.S., where he eventually  became wing commander of the Rapid City Air Force Base. In 1953, that  base was renamed in his honor.   The surrounding community also does its part to honor this hallowed  ground. On a brisk day this past December, Pennington County 4-H, the  Sturgis Boy Scouts, the Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary, and  community members came together and placed over 1,000 wreaths on the  graves of servicemembers who were laid to rest at this cemetery. They  upheld the vow that those laid to rest should never be forgotten. Now  we must do our part to uphold that very same vow.   So we honor the legacy of these veterans and many others at the Black  Hills National Cemetery, but the facility is not going to have the room  it needs to continue serving future veterans without expansion. This  bill would allow that expansion by transferring around 200 acres of  adjacent land near Sturgis, South Dakota, from the Bureau of Land  Management's jurisdiction to the Department of Veterans Affairs. My  office worked with these agencies and the stakeholders in crafting this  legislation, and all agreed that this land transfer is necessary.   The transfer of this land will provide the Black Hills National  Cemetery with the additional burial space that is needed to assure that  today's veterans and servicemembers, as well as their families, will be  able to utilize the space and that we will be able to uphold our  commitment and offer this Nation's eternal gratitude for everything  that they have done for us.   Again, I thank the committee, my colleagues, and the chairman for  supporting this bill. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   