 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when President Trump was running for  office, he made a lot of promises to the American people. He promised  the middle class he would stand up for them. He promised workers he  would bring good jobs back to their communities, and he promised to  drain the swamp of corporate lobbyists that muck up our democracy with  dysfunction.   Well, we are just over 2 months into this Presidency, and all we have  seen from this administration is a series of broken promises, whether  it is Cabinet picks who are billionaires, Wall Street bankers, and  corporate CEOs; or his plan to jam through a healthcare bill that the  President himself admits will hurt middle- and working-class families;  or his proposed budget, which guts everything from job-training  programs to assistance for low-income families who pay their heating  bills, to meals on wheels, which provides hot meals to low-income  grandparents. It is clear President Trump is standing with his  billionaire and corporate lobbyist friends at the expense of the people  he promised to stand up and fight for.   While we have made many improvements in our economy in the last 8  years, we have a lot of work left to do. Too many people in our country  today are working multiple jobs trying to support their families and  pay their bills, and they are still struggling to make ends meet. That  is what we should be talking about today on the  [[Page S1915]]  Senate floor--how to build an economy that works for everyone. We  should be working together to make sure that people are making a decent  wage to support their families, that corporations aren't getting rich  at the expense of their workers, and that hard-working people aren't  risking their lives in dangerous conditions at work.   Instead, what we are doing today is that my Republican colleagues,  with the backing of President Trump, are trying to roll back a rule  that protects workers and prevents work-related deaths and injuries.  This rule allows the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or  OSHA--an agency whose sole purpose is to keep workers safe on the job-- to accurately monitor and prevent workplace injuries and fatalities in  our Nation's most dangerous industries.   Dangerous businesses have been recording serious workplace injuries  and deaths for more than four decades, and this rule simply affirms the  policy enshrined in the OSHA law itself of 1970 that these records have  to be accurate--a precedent of keeping workers safe and monitoring  dangerous workplaces.   After a recent court case put this important safety practice at risk,  OSHA issued this rule to clarify their recordkeeping practices. This  rule is not new. It does not impose added obligations or costs on  employers, and it was actually suggested by the court in its decision.  And it does not cover small businesses with 10 employees or fewer.   We should be trying to make workplaces safer, but in rolling back  this rule, President Trump and my Republican colleagues are doing  exactly the opposite. This is not something we should be playing  politics with. Without this rule--if it is overturned today by the  Senate Republicans--some of the most dangerous industries will then be  able to hide worker injuries and keep falsified records of injuries and  workplace deaths, and it will make it more difficult for OSHA to punish  low-road companies that are putting their workers' lives in danger.   Every year, more than 4,800 workers are killed on the job in America,  and 3 million more suffer serious injuries and illnesses. We have found  that it is often the same companies that are repeat offenders. Without  this rule, OSHA cannot sanction employers for keeping fraudulent injury  records for multiple years before OSHA walks in the door to conduct an  inspection.   So many people in this country get up every day and go to work at  tough, dangerous jobs to support their families and drive the economy.  Those workers deserve to be able to trust that their employer isn't  knowingly putting their life at risk. Without this rule, corporations  and dangerous industries can take advantage of their workers, and OSHA  will not have the tools it needs to stop it. We should not overturn  this rule. If we do, recordkeeping will become elective.   This goes against everything President Trump promised to middle- and  working-class families on the campaign trail. He promised to stand up  for them, to bring back good, respectable jobs to their communities.  Instead, he wants to allow his billionaire corporate friends to take  advantage of workers and threaten their safety, and, unfortunately, it  appears my Republican colleagues are now onboard.   Instead of doing President Trump's bidding, I urge my Republican  colleagues to do what President Trump promised and start putting  workers first by abandoning this deeply harmful effort.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   