 Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Torres), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment.  I do support the en bloc amendment, and I appreciate the chairman's  inclusion of amendments from Democratic Members as well.   I am very pleased that the en bloc includes a procedural amendment to  allow me to discuss the deportation status of Mr. Jakiw Palij, a former  Nazi guard. I had filed an amendment that would have directly addressed  the deportation status of Mr. Jakiw Palij, but it was ruled out of  order by the Rules Committee.   The U.S. State Department must ensure that justice is served and that  Mr. Palij is held accountable for his crimes. He served as a guard at  the Nazi Trawniki camp. This camp was the site of untold atrocities,  including the death of thousands of blameless victims at the hands of  the Nazi regime. Mr. Palij's role at the Trawniki camp served the Nazi  regime by trapping men, women, and children in inhumane conditions,  where they waited for their untimely deaths.   After the Holocaust, Mr. Palij came to the United States, where he  omitted his service at the Nazi camp, and eventually he became a U.S.  citizen. When his crimes during the Holocaust came to light, the United  States stripped him of his citizenship, but he continues to reside in  New York, as Poland, Germany, and Ukraine have each declined to take  him.   I believe that it is time for Mr. Palij to be held accountable for  his crimes. So, again, I thank the chairman for including this in the  en bloc amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague's effort to boost  funding for a successful assistance program such as the Merida  Initiative. The flow of drugs into the United  [[Page H7123]]  States is a serious concern and more emphasis should be put on both the  demand and supply side of the issue. However, I cannot support an  amendment to take from another very successful program such as the  Fulbright Program.   The Fulbright Program is our flagship public diplomacy program. It  has run for over 70 years and boasts more than 370,000 alumni that are  now in leadership positions and have a positive connection with the  United States. These alumni include 37 current or former heads of  state, 57 Nobel Laureates, 82 Pulitzer Prize winners, 29 MacArthur  Fellows Foundation, 16 Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients, and  thousands of leaders across private, public, and non-private sectors.   There are 1,300 U.S. institutions that actively participate in the  Fulbright Program, either receiving or sending students to become  global citizens, a requirement in today's interconnected economy.   In our challenging times, Mr. Chairman, we cannot hinder such an  effective diplomatic tool as the Fulbright Program.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment.   I agree with the gentleman's sentiments to put greater emphasis and  engagement with our Southern neighbors.   The United States can and should be very involved with the issues in  our own backyard, especially those involving crime and drug smuggling.  However, to fund this increased engagement, this amendment takes a  further cut from the contributions to the international organizations  account, which funds our assessed contributions to the U.N. and other  international bodies. This account is already $188 million below our  current enacted level and will put us in further arrears to our  international partners.   I also think it is important to note that the offset proposed by the  gentleman's amount would also come at the expense of our support to  regional partners, such as the Organization of American States, the Pan  American Health Organization, and the Inter-American Institute for  Cooperation on Agriculture.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chair, there is bipartisan consensus that our foreign  assistance should be as effective and efficient as possible. That is  why I am deeply concerned that several amendments offered by myself and  my colleagues to address the destructive policies facing women's health  were blocked from consideration on this bill.   We know the disastrous effects of the global gag rule, which force  reproductive health providers to choose between receiving U.S. funds or  providing comprehensive healthcare. But this bill would exponentially  increase the damage of the global gag rule by expanding its application  to all global health assistance.   It is unconscionable to insert abortion politics into lifesaving  programs that prevent pandemics, lower rates of maternal and child  deaths, and treat those suffering from malnutrition, HIV, AIDS, and  malaria.   Since May, organizations have been trying to ensure compliance with  unclear guidance. Most do not yet know the impact on their programs or  whether they will be able to find new partners in hard-to-serve areas.   Expanding this policy without knowing the impact is senseless and  will jeopardize lives. The bill also prohibits funding for UNFPA, a  primary U.S. partner ensuring women fleeing violence have safe maternal  care.   The United States neither can nor should conduct programs in every  country. We currently conduct bilateral family planning programs in 34  countries. By contributing to UNFPA, we can help women in nearly 100  additional countries get access to needed services.   This bill ignores the fact that family planning is the most effective  way to prevent abortion and unwanted pregnancies, and it decimates the  effectiveness of our global programs for millions.   Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee),  my colleague on the State, Foreign Operations Subcommittee who has been  an effective, aggressive advocate on a whole range of issues and an  invaluable member of our committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, the comments of a single individual should  not be an excuse to eliminate funding for an entire institution. My  understanding is that individual has already offered her resignation.   The United States Institute of Peace is one of the best tools the  United States has to bring people together--government officials, civil  society practitioners, and defense experts--to creatively solve  problems that are some of the world's thorniest issues. Congress  created USIP for this purpose in 1983.   USIP applies practical solutions directly in conflict zones and  provides analysis, education, and resources to those working for peace.  USIP has specialized teams of mediators, trainers, and others in some  of the world's most dangerous places, including Iraq and Afghanistan,  equipping others with the skills necessary to prevent or resolve their  own violent conflicts before they threaten the United States.   In 2015, USIP facilitated a local Sunni-Shia accord and decree that  averted bloodshed and let 380,000 internally displaced persons return  home.   In Burma, they trained civic leaders, government officials, and  police to help achieve a peaceful 2015 election for a more democratic  government during a delicate transition from autocratic rule to  democracy.   USIP works on the ground with local partners on the root causes of  conflict that all too frequently result in America's military gains of  diplomatic and development investments going to peace.   Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Engel), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my colleague from New  York's amendment. TB is the biggest killer of people worldwide, yet the  current strategies for combating the disease are not keeping pace with  the burden and complexity.   In an increasingly connected world, TB will increase its threat to  U.S. citizens directly. Without investments in new technologies and  building the systems to diagnose and treat active infections, we risk  failing even further. Already, scientists estimate 2 million children  have been infected with multidrug-resistant TB. We can and should be  doing more to fight this known disease.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend, who has certainly  worked with many women, and women who focus on the needs of women  around the world, and I thank her very much for this very important  amendment, and that is why I am rising in support of my colleague's  amendment.   One of the deficiencies of the fiscal year 2018 State and Foreign  Operations bill we are considering is the treatment of international  organizations that serve U.S. interests and help our own resources  reach farther and deeper. My  [[Page H7130]]  colleague raises the important contribution of UN Women and of U.S.  support for its work.   UN Women ensures that the critical role of women is part of the  international dialogue and that the effects of policies are considered  on both women and men before they are implemented.   UN Women works in complex environments like Afghanistan with the  treatment of women and their involvement in the economy and political  systems.   There are these reasons and so much more as to why I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment and UN Women. I really am urging  my friends on the other side of the aisle, as this process continues,  that we look to renew the funding.    Mr. Chairman, I want to express my appreciation to my  colleague who is always there to speak out against injustice and to  help respond to the tremendous challenges we have. I was as shocked as  the gentleman had been, frankly, on the recent actions in Burma or  Myanmar, and I look forward to addressing that with him as well.   The reports from the ISIS-controlled areas are truly horrific,  especially for the women and children who have been most vulnerable to  the horrors of ISIS control. In these cases, support for the emotional  and mental recovery of victims is as important as the standard  humanitarian assistance of food, shelter, and water.   I look forward to continuing to work with the gentleman to address  these issues because we have to speak out and act and respond to these  horrors.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   