 Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my colleague,  Congressman Rodney Davis, for working with me to advance this long  overdue legislation, which we call the Disaster Declaration Improvement  Act.   This bill seeks to bring fairness to the Federal Emergency Management  Agency's disaster declaration process.   Right now, if a tornado, a flood, or any other natural disaster  strikes a small town, like many of the ones I represent in the State of  Illinois, FEMA's current per capita formula leaves much of rural  America behind. That is because FEMA's current disaster assessment  rules fail to take into account localized impacts on Main Streets and  agricultural communities throughout our Nation.   This has left hardworking families in Illinois and rural States  throughout the United States without access to the Federal relief they  so badly need under these circumstances.   For instance, in my district, the city of Pekin was denied FEMA  disaster recovery funding following a deadly tornado that had winds up  to 120 miles per hour that ripped through the town in November of 2013.   Gary and Selena Cleer were in church on that Sunday afternoon when  this tornado hit. They took shelter along with the rest of the  congregation in the hallway to protect themselves. Finally, and with  God's blessing, they were able to drive safely home, and they didn't  even recognize what was in front of them. Much of their roof was gone,  their garage had been torn away, and their battered car lay among all  of the rubble.   The tornado destroyed about 200 other structures in this town of only  35,000 people. But this community received no public assistance  dollars--zero. This was a direct result of FEMA's disaster declaration  formula, which, again, makes it unnecessarily difficult for Illinois'  smaller communities to receive the help that they need.   Mr. Speaker, we are not asking for a handout for rural America. In  fact, in the Midwest, we are as resilient as they come, but we are  certainly asking for a fair shake and the opportunity for all of our  families to get the help that they need in a time of crisis.   A few million dollars of damage can devastate a smaller town or a  rural community. That is why FEMA must give greater weight to the local  impact of a disaster when making these decisions about the need for  Federal assistance.    Our bill fixes an unfair formula that hurts too many of our smaller  towns and villages across Illinois and across America. This bill had  been included in the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act of 2015, but  it sat in the Senate without any action. Today we are working together  to pass it once again because we can't solve this problem by ignoring  it. I urge our friends in the Senate to take action.   With new flooding, damaging roads and infrastructure in places like  Pekin, Peoria, and in southern Illinois where my friend, Mike Bost,  serves and where Rodney Davis serves, I urge my colleagues to join us  in supporting this bill so that we can help ensure that hardworking  families from the heartland have the support they need to get back on  their feet after a disaster.   