 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, and  particularly the provision that creates a new competitive grant program  designed to preserve core capability gains achieved with previous Urban  Area Security Initiative, UASI, grant funding.   The UASI program provides critical Federal support to local law  enforcement in large metropolitan areas to help them protect their  residents and visitors. I was the police chief in Orlando when Orlando  was initially approved for UASI funding, and, therefore, I know  firsthand how critical such Federal support is to Orlando and other  large metropolitan areas.   Orlando, a number one destination, is now where an ISIS-inspired  terrorist took the lives of 49 people and injured many more, the  deadliest in our Nation's history.   As first responders from my district responded to the scene, the  dedicated staff and analysts of the Central Florida Intelligence  Exchange, CFIX, a member of DHS' National Network of Fusion Centers,  sprung into action together and shared information. Together, the  courageous first responders and CFIX saved lives and helped to quickly  identify the perpetrator.   The capabilities that led to their successful response were created  through previous grant investments, in particular, the Urban Area  Security Initiative. Unfortunately, such Federal funding capabilities  and preparedness can be severely diminished or even lost.   My concern is this: What will happen to the capabilities developed  with previous grant support now that the funding is no longer  available?   The bill today would create a $39 million competitive grant program  for former UASI cities and would make sure that core capability gains  achieved with previous grant funding were supported and maintained.    Mr. Speaker, as Secretary Kelly acknowledged before the  Committee on Homeland Security last month, the threat of terrorism has  metastasized around the country. Whether it is New York City, the  largest municipality in the country, or some other small town in the  middle of Arkansas, the potential is about the same, in my view, for a  lone-wolf attack. That was how the Secretary described it last week,  and I could not agree with him more. The demands on local law  enforcement are even more increasing, ever changing, and more complex.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee  and our ranking member for their vision and commitment to keeping our  homeland safe. Do we have any greater purpose?   Reauthorization of the Department is long overdue and I commend the  Chairmen and Ranking Members for their commitment to working together,  in a bipartisan fashion, to accomplish what had not been possible for  so many years.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill and particularly  the provision that creates a new competitive grant program designed to  preserve core capability gains achieved with previous Urban Area  Security Initiative (UASI) grant support.   The UASI program provides critical federal support to local law  enforcement in large metropolitan areas to help them protect their  residents and visitors.   I was the police chief when Orlando was initially approved for UASI  funding and, therefore, I know firsthand how critical such federal  support is to Orlando and other large metropolitan areas.   Orlando, a number one destination, is now where an ISIS-inspired  terrorist took the lives of 49 people and injured many more.   As first responders from my district responded to the scene, the  dedicated staff and analysts at the Central Florida Intelligence  Exchange (CFIX)--a member of DHS' National Network of Fusion Centers-- sprung to action to gather and share information.   Together, the courageous first responders and CFIX saved lives and  helped identify the perpetrator.   The capabilities that led to their successful response were created  through previous grant investments, in particular the Urban Area  Security Initiative.   Unfortunately, such federally funded capacities and preparedness can  be severely diminished or even lost.   My concern is this: what will happen to the capabilities developed  with previous grant support now that funding is no longer available?   The bill before us today would create a $39 million competitive grant  program for former UASI cities, and would make sure that core  capability gains achieved with previous federal grant support are  maintained.   As Secretary Kelly acknowledged before the Committee on Homeland  Security last month, the threat of terrorism ``has metastasized around  the country, whether it's New York City, the largest municipality in  the [ ] country, or some little town in the middle of Arkansas, the [ ]  potential is about the same in my view for a lone wolf attack.''--that  was how the Secretary described it last week.   My constituents in Florida know, all too well, the truth of the  Secretary's words.   No city in America can afford to go backwards; to lose ground on  preparedness.   The demands on local law enforcement are ever increasing, ever  changing, and more complex than ever before. The federal government  must continue to be a strong partner to local law enforcement who are  our first line of defense.   I thank the Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security for his  support of this program   The bill would also require the Government Accountability Office to  perform an independent review of the risk formula and award  [[Page H6113]]  processes for the UASI program, as well as the State Homeland Security  Grant Program.   The preparedness of urban areas and the threats they face has changed  since the programs were created after the 9/11 attacks, and this report  will assess the current process used to collect and evaluate threat  information in order to ensure grant funds are provided where they are  needed most.   I am also pleased that this bill would reject a proposal, put forth  earlier this year by President Trump in his first budget, which called  for transitioning almost 1,100 Transportation Security Officers  currently staffing airport exit lanes to security checkpoints.   The elimination of exit lane staffing in budget proposal is  problematic for a few reasons.   First, exit lane staffing responsibilities and expenses would be  shifted to local airport authorities. The primary responsibility for  security of the traveling public should remain in the hands of the TSA.   Second, elimination of such staffing would directly contradict the  statutory language of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2013 that  requires TSA to monitor passenger exit points from the sterile areas of  airports.   As a former Captain of the Airport Division of the Orlando Police  Department, and a 27-year veteran of law enforcement, I can tell you:  There is no question about it. TSA is responsible for exit lane  staffing.   Eliminating federal exit lane staffing would not enhance our nation's  security, and doing so would be a contravention of the existing  statutory requirement.   I offered an amendment in the Homeland Security Committee, which was  accepted, that explicitly authorizes funding at the Fiscal Year (FY)  2017 level for exit lane coverage through Fiscal Year 2019.   As a result, the bill before us today sends a clear message to the  Administration that we will not stand for TSA attempting to foist its  Congressionally-mandated duties onto its local partners.   Again, I thank the Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security for  his support of these measures, and I thank Ranking Member Thompson for  his vision and commitment to keeping our homeland safe. Do we have any  other greater purpose?   I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   