 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Virginia for yielding. I also want to thank the gentleman for his  leadership of the House Judiciary Committee and for his many, many  years of support for law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  support of this bill and for being the leading voice today to talk  about trust between the law enforcement community and the communities  which they protect. I believe that this bill will go a long way in  helping our law enforcement and that the communities in which they  serve to protect should recognize the types of trials and tribulations  that our law enforcement officers face every day.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle who, before coming to Congress, were leaders in the law  enforcement community--including the gentlewoman from Florida, whom, I  believe, we will hear from--who, day in and day out, served and  protected their own communities.   Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Law Enforcement Mental Health and  Wellness Act because our Nation's law enforcement officers often deal  with the unthinkable. They daily face situations that can be hard to  process and impossible to forget.   The work our Nation's law enforcement officers undertake puts  incredible strains on them, on their families. It places them in  situations that increase their chances of developing mental disorders.   According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, between 7 and  19 percent of police officers have symptoms of PTSD. In comparison,  only 3\1/2\ percent of the general population experience PTSD.  Furthermore, the suicide rate for our Nation's law enforcement officers  is double the rate at which officers are killed by violent felons.   In the Fifth District of Indiana, Boone County Sheriff Mike Nielsen  desperately and publicly pleaded for better mental health services  after his daughter, also a police officer, tried to take her own life.  She was struggling with PTSD after responding to a case involving the  murder of a mother and her 4-year-old son.   Our police officers face a culture of silence when it comes to mental  health challenges, and we know they need better access to mental health  services to allow them to cope with these horrific types of  unforgettable situations.   As a former deputy mayor of Indianapolis responsible for public  safety, I know firsthand the struggles our law enforcement community  members face in their work. The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police  Department recognized this problem several years ago and began a pilot  program that provides mental health services to officers, including  counseling and referrals to doctors, psychologists, and clinicians to  get them the help they need, and that program actually inspired this  bill.   Recognizing the tremendous work already being done by the Veterans  Administration and the Department of Defense on behalf of our Nation's  servicemembers, this bill will require the Justice Department to  consult with those Federal agencies to determine which mental health  practices they have developed that would be most useful in the law  enforcement setting.   We also have to encourage our officers to share their experiences  with their colleagues who can understand and empathize with them about  the traumatic events they experience while serving in the line of duty.  To that end, this bill establishes a grant program within the Justice  Department to establish peer mentoring mental health and wellness pilot  programs within State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies.   Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that affects the law enforcement  community across the country. I urge my colleagues, and I want to thank  my colleagues for joining with me, to support this important proposal.   Our Nation's law enforcement officers are duty bound to protect and  serve, and it is only fair that we work to protect them as well from  the stress and trauma that they face to keep our communities safe.   