 Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from  Connecticut for his remarks, and I would like to make a few remarks  with respect to my position as ranking member on the Judiciary  Committee.   As has been well described, shortly, we will vote on the nomination  of Christopher Wray to be the next Director of the Federal Bureau of  Investigation. The Judiciary Committee has reviewed his record and held  a full and complete hearing. His nomination was sent to the floor for  consideration by a vote of 20 to 0--a very good vote. I am very  satisfied that Mr. Wray has the qualifications and independence  necessary to lead the FBI, so I will support Mr. Wray's nomination to  be FBI Director.   I wish to begin by saying just a few words about what I think, after  24 years in this place, is necessary in going forward.   First, it is really important that we have a strong FBI Director.  There can be no manipulation.   Second, Special Counsel Robert Mueller must be allowed to proceed  with his investigation undisturbed.   Third, the FBI Director must manage and speak for the FBI on the  basis of the Constitution and the laws of the United States, not at the  dictates or requests or statements of any politically elected person in  this country.   Fourth, the FBI Director must be independent from the White House and  any political figure.   This is what the FBI and the American people need now.   As you and I know, the FBI is a critically important law enforcement  agency. It must be able to move forward with its work and with its  senior leadership in place. As I noted at Mr. Wray's hearing and just  noted again, the FBI must be an independent law enforcement  organization that is free from political influence.   During his hearing and in his written responses to followup  questions, Mr. Wray stated that the FBI Director must maintain ``strict  independence,'' and he committed to doing the job ``by the book'' and  ``without regard to any partisan political influence.'' He also  testified that his loyalty is to the Constitution and the rule of law,  not to any ideology or any individual, including the President. He was  believable to all of us in those statements.   Mr. Wray also testified that he would resist any efforts to interfere  with FBI investigations and that he would not ``pull any punches.''  When asked what he would do if the President asked him to do something  unlawful or unethical, Mr. Wray replied that he would first try to talk  him out of it and that, if that failed, he would resign.   These commitments are important. Especially at this moment in  history, we need an FBI Director who has the strength and fortitude to  stand up and do what is right by the law when tested.   Mr. Wray has received bipartisan support from more than 100 former  U.S. attorneys, who enthusiastically endorsed his nomination and stated  their belief that Mr. Wray ``is a strong and effective leader with  unassailable integrity, judgment and courage.'' According to this  group, which included former Bush administration Justice Department  officials like Larry Thompson and Ken Wainstein, as well as Eric Holder  and Sally Yates, Mr. Wray will discharge the duties of FBI Director  ``with honor, independence, and a tireless commitment to the rule of  law.''   Earlier this year, when we considered other nominees for the Justice  Department, I pointed out that we need leaders with steel spines, not  weak knees. I believe that Mr. Wray will be such a leader.   The issue of torture is very important to me. On this issue, I was  encouraged by Mr. Wray's acknowledgment that torture is wrong,  unacceptable, illegal, and ineffective. He testified under oath that he  did not participate in the drafting of the so-called torture memos that  were issued by the Office of Legal Counsel some time ago. Mr. Wray has  further testified that interrogation techniques, such as waterboarding,  painful stress positions, threatening detainees with dogs, forced  nudity, and mock execution, are ``abusive under all circumstances.''   Importantly, for me, he has committed that the FBI, under his  leadership, will never engage in such techniques or other forms of  torture and that it will adhere to the policy of using the Informed  Interrogation Approach as outlined in the Army Field Manual, which,  thanks to John McCain, was added as a new law to last year's military  authorization bill. Mr. Wray also committed to me that he will read the  Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA's detention and  interrogation program under a former administration.   On the issue of torture, as well as his independence and integrity, I  take Mr. Wray at his word. As we discussed when Mr. Wray and I met in  my office, I believe the next FBI Director's independence, integrity,  and commitment to the rule of law, sadly, will likely be tested by this  administration.   One early test may come in relation to the investigations being  conducted by Special Counsel Mueller, this committee, and other  committees in Congress. Mr. Wray has committed to supporting and  protecting the investigation being conducted by Special Counsel  Mueller, and I trust Mr. Wray will keep the Judiciary Committee of our  House informed of any attempts to interfere with that investigation.   Now, he has a tough job ahead of him. The FBI is our premier law  enforcement agency. It faces new criminal terrorism threats every day.  I remember FBI Director Comey telling us the FBI had a counterterrorism  investigation going on in virtually every State in the Union. That was  last year, but I assume many are still going on. On top of that, his  predecessor was, as we all know, suddenly fired by the President for  reasons that are questionable, and that is the subject of ongoing  investigations. Lately, we have seen the President attempt to bully his  own Attorney General, but even in the light of these challenging  circumstances, I believe Mr. Wray is up to the task.   Based on his testimony and the commitments he has made to me and  other members of our Judiciary Committee, I believe we on the committee  will all vote to support his nomination, and, if he is confirmed, I  commit to working with him to support the FBI, its mission, and the  some 30-plus thousand FBI agents and employees who work every day to  help protect our Nation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Thank you.   