 Mr. Speaker, I also rise tonight to talk about America  First, the proposed budget of the 45th President of the United States,  President Donald Trump.   It has been said that a budget of a local, State, Federal Government,  corporation, nonprofit organization, small business, even a personal  budget, really defines one's priorities, one's values, one's vision for  the future. The proposed budget gives us a look into one's vision, our  President's, for the future of America.   When I think about a vision for the future of America, I personally  think of a vision that exceeds our wildest expectations. This is a  vision where every boy and girl, regardless of the color of their skin,  their gender, their religion, sexual orientation, where they live or  how much money their parents have in the bank, has an opportunity to  succeed, particularly in this country that we say is the greatest  country in the world, and I do believe it to be so.   There is a famous Scripture that says: Because of a lack of a vision,  the people perish.   I ask the question tonight: What is the vision for America under this  budget?   My colleague has so eloquently laid out that education truly is the  key. It starts in education for higher learning. But what about  secondary education, where every child should have an opportunity to  receive quality education?   We know that the budget proposed in America First cuts very necessary  important programs that particularly hit the State of Florida, for  example, the Teacher Quality Partnership, and Impact Aid support  payments for Federal property, and international education programs.  The 21st Century Community Learning Centers supports before- and after- school programs where children are able to receive tutoring, learn  about the arts and music, and receive a meal during those programs.   Florida would be particularly hurt. Those programs are designed  particularly for children that come from at-risk and poverty-stricken  areas.   In those before-school and after-school programs, there is a focus on  reading and math. And those programs often offer literary services to  families of children that participate in those programs.   So back to the gentleman from Texas' question about what do we have  to lose? In Florida, the overall graduation rate is 80 percent. But for  African Americans, the graduation rate is about 72 percent, and lower  for African-American boys. I can tell you, it is the lowest group.  [[Page H2458]]    We can't afford to pull more resources from the Department of  Education--a proposed budget cut of 13.5 percent, in the double  digits--resources that have been dedicated to lifting up all children,  but particularly children of color and children from low-income  neighborhoods. In President Trump's budget, that 13.5 percent is about  $9.2 billion from education.   What is being cut?   Not only the programs that I named, but about 20 other programs: $3.7  billion in grants for teacher training to make sure that children not  only receive the best education that money can buy, but also have the  best, most qualified, most prepared, most trained teachers. Programs  aimed at helping to ensure vulnerable children in low-income  neighborhoods are able to succeed. They, too, really deserve a fair  shot.   These Federal programs were created to ensure that every child, no  matter who they are, has access to education.   This budget cut completely eliminates Federal Supplemental  Educational Opportunity Grants. The name alone says it all, opportunity  grants, grants that could offer need-based aid to around 1.6 million  low-income undergraduates every year.   What do we have to lose?    Mr. Speaker, I spent 27 years in law enforcement, and I  realized early in my career that we cannot arrest our way out of the  challenges that we face, that we have to address some of the social  ills that cause decay in communities in the first place if we are going  to make those communities better.   In 1965, President Lyndon Johnson commissioned a group to look at  crime in America. I would like to share just a short paragraph of their  report. It says:   ``Every effort must be made to strengthen the family, now often  shattered by the grinding pressures of urban slums.   ``Slum schools must be given enough resources to make them as good as  schools elsewhere and to enable them to compensate for the various  handicaps suffered by the slum child--to rescue him from his  environment.''   Mr. Speaker, I want you to know that we are still trying to rescue  children that that particular child represents from their at-risk  environments. If we are going to put America first, it starts with  putting the American people first.   