 Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, I introduced H.R.  804, legislation designed to ensure that the deliberations and  decisions of the National Security Council are not unreasonably  influenced by partisan politics. The bill has garnered nearly 130  cosponsors, including the ranking members of the House Armed Services,  Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence Committees. It is my hope that the  bill will obtain support from my colleagues across the aisle because  the principle it seeks to vindicate has long enjoyed bipartisan  backing.   The motivation for my legislation was President Trump's directive  formally authorizing his chief political adviser, Stephen Bannon, to  attend all meetings of the NSC and its main subgroup, the Principals  Committee. This aspect of the President's directive generated concern  from respected military and intelligence professionals across the  ideological spectrum.   For example, Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain  characterized Mr. Bannon's appointment as a radical departure from  precedent. Former White House Chief of Staff, Defense Secretary, and  CIA Director Leon Panetta observed that the last place you want to put  someone who worries about politics is in a room where they are talking  about national security. And the ex-chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff, Michael Mullen, asserted that every President has the right and  responsibility to shape the National Security Council as he sees fit,  but partisan politics has no place at that table.   My bill would amend the 1947 law in which Congress created the NSC  and established the statutory members of the Council. It would add  simple language to provide that no individual whose primary or  predominant responsibility is political in nature shall regularly  attend or participate in meetings of the NSC or the Principals  Committee.   I want to emphasize that while I may disagree with President Trump  and Mr. Bannon on a range of matters, this bill is not about any  specific individual. The prohibition in my legislation would apply  whether the President or political adviser in question is Republican or  Democrat and irrespective of their particular party views or personal  attributes.   At its core, this bill is about fidelity to a deeply American  principle: the principle that the servicemembers in our all-volunteer  military, the quiet professionals in our intelligence community, and  the men and women who protect our homeland should never have their  lives disrupted or placed at risk because of a national security  policymaking process that is contaminated by partisan politics.   The President is free to obtain political and policy advice from  whomever  [[Page H1148]]  he wishes. However, he should not be free to place a political adviser  on the most vital national security policymaking body in our country.  Congress created the NSC, and Congress can and should set reasonable  parameters governing its membership.   I respectfully urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and  to support H.R. 804.   