 Mr. President, it feels like Groundhog Day again  because, once more, we are seeing Republican leadership in the Senate  advancing another bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to make  radical cuts to the Medicaid Program.   As with previous efforts, this new bill--they call it Graham-Cassidy,  but it really is TrumpCare 3.0, the third version, and it is strictly  partisan legislation, crafted in secret outside of regular order,  without hearings or consultation with most Senators or stakeholders.  But here is what is different: This bill is even more reckless and more  destructive than previous bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   It would take away healthcare coverage from an estimated 30 million  Americans. It would effectively end protections for people with  preexisting conditions by allowing insurers to charge exorbitant rates.  It would make profound cuts to the Medicaid Program, which is a  lifeline for 33 million children, 10 million people with disabilities,  and 6 million seniors in nursing homes. It would be a tragic setback in  the fight against the opioid epidemic because it would end access to  lifesaving treatment for an estimated 1.3 million people with substance  use disorders. In New Hampshire, where we are at the epicenter of the  heroin and opioid epidemic, it would have a huge and tragic impact.   President Trump said that the previous Republican bill to repeal the  Affordable Care Act was ``mean,'' and make no mistake, this bill is far  worse. As I have said repeatedly, the only constructive way forward is  for Democrats and Republicans to come together in a good-faith,  bipartisan effort to repair and strengthen the current law.   As Senator McCain said to this Chamber in July: ``Let's return to  regular order. We've been spinning our wheels on too many important  issues because we keep trying to find a way to win without help from  the other side.''   When Senator McCain said that, we gave him a standing ovation on the  floor of this Chamber. In the weeks since the vote on the last attempt  to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the Senate has actually been acting  on his advice. We have been working under the leadership of Senators  Alexander and Murray, the chair and ranking member of the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, on bipartisan legislation to  restore certainty to the health insurance markets, to fix problems with  the Affordable Care Act that we all acknowledge. This effort includes a  version of legislation that I have been working on to make regular  appropriations for cost-sharing reduction payments. Those are payments  that keep copays and deductibles affordable for low- and middle-income  Americans.   I have participated, as have so many Senators, in the bipartisan  meetings they have held with Governors, providers, stakeholders,  insurers, and State insurance commissioners to craft a positive way  forward. It is very disappointing that we are here today with another  attempt to blow up all of these bipartisan efforts by bringing to the  floor yet another divisive, partisan bill.   To understand why people are upset and fearful about this latest  attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, I would call our attention  to the many positive impacts the Affordable Care Act has had across the  country--and in my home State of New Hampshire--and the consequences of  repealing that law.   Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, more than 49,000 Granite Staters  have been able to get health insurance coverage through the  marketplace. Thanks to the Medicaid expansion, more than 11,000 people  in New Hampshire have gotten lifesaving treatments. The Medicaid  expansion, which has been a bipartisan effort between then-Democratic  Governor Maggie Hassan and a Republican legislature, has been a  critical tool in our fight against the opioid epidemic, and hundreds of  thousands of Granite Staters with preexisting conditions at one time or  another no longer face discrimination by health insurance companies. In  one fell swoop, this Graham-Cassidy TrumpCare legislation would put all  of these gains in jeopardy.  [[Page S5841]]    I would appeal to my colleagues in the Senate to stop and reconsider  what is going on. Listen to the stories. Look at the faces of everyday  Americans whose lives would be devastated by this legislation--from  children, to seniors, to veterans.   Several months ago on Facebook and other social media platforms, I  asked people across New Hampshire to tell me their stories--stories  about how the Affordable Care Act has made a lifesaving difference or  has improved their lives and the well-being of their families. I was  overwhelmed by the response.   Here in Washington, some seem to think that repealing the Affordable  Care Act, no matter how destructive the consequences, is just about  politics; it is about notching a win for their team. But for the people  in New Hampshire and across the country, repealing the Affordable Care  Act and slashing Medicaid isn't about politics. It is about life and  death. It is about people being cut off from vital, lifesaving  treatment for substance use disorders. It is about families losing  affordable health coverage, about seniors being unable to pay for  nursing home care, and about millions of vulnerable people with  preexisting conditions who would effectively be denied health coverage.  It is about returning to the pre-ACA days when simply being a woman was  considered a preexisting condition, justifying much higher rates.   I urge Republican leaders to stop this latest effort of destructive  partisanship. There should be no retreat from the progress we have made  in recent years, including the progress against the opioid epidemic. I  encourage Senators who support this ill-conceived legislation to listen  to the Governors, listen to the insurance commissioners, listen to  patient and provider groups, and, most importantly, listen to their  constituents.   Let's fix what is not working about the Affordable Care Act, and  let's not pass legislation to take healthcare away from people. Let's  support bipartisan efforts now under way in the Senate to stabilize the  marketplaces and to provide access to quality, affordable healthcare  for every American.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   