 Madam President, I rise today to recognize two  Nebraskans who are retiring after long careers of service to the  American people: the Honorable Lyle E. Strom and the Honorable William  J. Riley. Both of these judges have spent years upholding the rule of  law, and their professionalism has established a strong reputation for  their respective courts. They are true role models for current and  aspiring lawyers and judges, and their exceptional work should be  acknowledged.   Lyle Elmer Strom was born on January 6, 1925, in Omaha, NE. His  mother was a schoolteacher. His father worked as an oil trader. Judge  Strom has said that he didn't much care for school while he was growing  up. Instead, he found himself causing more trouble than good,  especially when he played football on top of the nearby grain silo with  some friends.   In 1943, after being rejected by the Navy because of weak eyesight,  Strom enlisted in the Merchant Marines as a radio signal operator.  During his time in the Naval Reserve, he was inspired to become a  lawyer after being impressed by his fellow Merchant Marines who had  obtained college and professional degrees.   After serving his country in the military, Strom graduated from  Creighton University with a B.A. in 1950. That same year, he married  the love of his life, his wife Regina. Together, they had seven  children. In 1953, Strom graduated from Creighton University's School  of Law, finishing at the top of his class. He soon joined the  prestigious firm of Fitzgerald, Schorr, Barmettler, & Brennan.   Strom started his career believing he would be a business type of  lawyer. Shortly after joining the firm, however, Bob Hamer brought  Strom into his litigation group because he was smart and a hard-working  professional. By 1958, Strom led the litigation practice for the firm.   Over his years of private practice, Lyle Strom became a well-known,  well-liked litigator in Nebraska, especially in Omaha. In 1985, after  32 years of law practice and with encouragement from Congressman Hal  Daub, President Ronald Reagan appointed Strom to the U.S. District  Court for the District of Nebraska. He served as chief judge of the  court from 1987 until 1994 and in 1995 took senior status, allowing him  the ability to continue sitting as a judge on cases over the past 22  years.   Judge Strom has always been dedicated to the craft of practicing law.  He served as the president of the Omaha Bar Association from 1980 to  1981 and as president of the Nebraska State Bar Association from 1989  to 1990.   One of his biggest joys has come in the form of mentoring aspiring  lawyers and young people--something he has done throughout his career.  In his first decade as a lawyer, he worked as a professor at Creighton  University. In his fifth, after becoming a Federal judge with a full  caseload, Judge Strom served as the Creighton Law School internship  program director and clinical professor of law.   Strom has also dedicated decades of service to the Boy Scouts of  America and was the founder of the Inns of Court organization in  Nebraska and has been closely involved with the Nebraska Mock Trial  Program.   During his 64 years of practice, Judge Strom has been a model for  dedication to the rule of law. His hard work and mentoring to both  aspiring lawyers and young people across Omaha have made him a staple  in our communities.   He has also had an eye for talent. In 1973, while still working as a  litigation lawyer, Strom hired a new lawyer to the firm--William J.  Riley. This began a great professional relationship between two of the  top lawyers in Nebraska.   Born in Lincoln in 1947, Bill Riley obtained both his B.A. and his  juris doctorate from the University of Nebraska, graduating from the  law school in 1972. While in school, Riley served as the editor and  chief of the Nebraska Law Review, and he graduated at the top of his  class.   From 1972 to 1973, Riley clerked for the Honorable Donald P. Lay with  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, a court he would  later serve on 30 years later.  [[Page S6247]]    It was Judge Lay who told Riley that the best tutelage he could  receive as a trial attorney would be at the firm of Fitzgerald, Schorr,  Barmettler, & Brennan, the firm where a legendary attorney, Lyle Strom,  had led the Litigation Department since 1958. It was great advice.  After Strom became a judge, it was Riley who took his place as chair of  the firm's litigation department.   In 2001, Riley's professionalism caught the eye of both Nebraska  Senators and the President of the United States, George W. Bush. The  new President nominated him to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth  Circuit. Riley was confirmed unanimously in September of 2001, becoming  one of President Bush's first circuit court appointments. He became  chief judge for the Eighth Circuit in 2010.   During his tenure, Riley was intimately involved in the governance  and policy-setting for the entire U.S. Federal court system. He served  on the Executive Committee of the Judicial Conference of the United  States, an organization presided over by the Chief Justice of the  Supreme Court.   Riley also served as strategic planning coordinator for the Judicial  Conference, helping enact greater cyber security measures throughout  the Federal court system.   Judge Riley has served our country well over the last 16 years, and  on June 30, 2017, after 45 years of practicing law, Judge Riley took  senior status on the Eighth Circuit. He said that now he is going to  have time to relax with his wife Norma, their three children, and their  nine grandchildren.   Riley has served his local legal community by teaching trial practice  at both Creighton University School of Law and the University of  Nebraska College of Law. He is a decorated Boy Scout leader and served  as a founding member of the Robert M. Spire American Inn of Court legal  mentoring program.   Before his appointment to the court, Riley served as president of the  Omaha Bar Association from 2000 to 2001.   Both of these judges deserve our respect for how they approach the  justice system and the law. Both are role models that I hope future  lawyers and judges follow. Their careers should be applauded and their  commitment to our community should be honored. I wish them the best in  their retirement.   