 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me time on  this very important issue.   I also want to thank my colleagues for working with me on this--Mr.  Meehan, Mr. Thompson, and Ms. DelBene--for working on a really  important piece of legislation that is included in this package, which  will improve the quality of life for seniors on Medicare across the  country.   As has previously been said, I am a nurse. I have worked in the field  for over 45 years, and I am proud to sponsor a bill that enhances  patient care for those patients who are suffering from end-stage renal  disease.   You know, we have made tremendous advances in technology over the  last decade, and now it would be almost something we couldn't have  thought of 45 years ago. Physicians can remotely monitor patients in  their dialysis treatments through telehealth to reduce the number of  medical visits that are necessary, to ensure that the treatment is  efficient and effective, and to also catch signs of complications  early, which would cause not only a decrease in quality of care for the  patient, but also a cost.   Telehealth provides patients an important component in the comfort of  their own homes--think about being sick and having to get in the car to  travel--while physicians now have a new tool to treat their patients'  whole health.   Our seniors deserve access to this innovative care, and it can save  money. It can help to ensure that Medicare can be there for seniors who  most need the care.   So I urge my colleagues to take a vote for your constituents and for  Medicare beneficiaries across the country and support this bill.   I also look forward to continuing this work. This is certainly not  the end of what we can do for our patients who are homebound and need  care in the home. I will continue this work with Members on both sides  of the aisle, which is being done now, for our Nation's seniors to have  access to these kinds of innovative telehealth technologies that will  improve care and also, more importantly, help to lower the cost of  treatment.   I urge passage of this amendment.   