 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from West Virginia  who is fighting hard on a lot of different fronts to meet the challenge  of this opioid and drug abuse epidemic that is sweeping across the  country, and it is really hitting us in the rural areas in West  Virginia. I always say our State is just one big small town, and both  Senator Manchin and I have personal experience with families who have  been deeply affected by this. It is destroying families, lives, and  futures.   Chances are we all know someone, as I said, who has been affected,  but we have been especially hard-hit in the State of West Virginia, and  we have seen more than our fair share of devastating consequences:  babies born exposed to drugs, families torn apart, children ripped from  their parents because of their parents' habits and lifestyle,  grandparents raising children when they had no real intention or didn't  know that is what was going to happen.   We have the unfortunate distinction as a State of leading the Nation  in drug overdose deaths per capita. Ninety-one Americans die each day  because of this crisis, and far too many of them are our neighbors, our  coworkers, our friends, and our children. No community is immune. That  is why this all-hands-on-deck, community-oriented, coordinated,  community-focused effort must move forward.   Fortunately, many individuals and organizations--and I get to meet  with them regularly. It is inspiring to hear how people in the  community are pulling together. They are already working hard  educating--as Senator Manchin said, you can't start too early  educating--treating, and rehabilitating people who are struggling with  abuse within their families, helping them and those who are at risk of  becoming addicted. From healthcare to law enforcement, we are working  to tackle this crisis from all angles.   Drug courts play an important role in that fight. In order to get at  the root  [[Page S3178]]  of the problem, we must have more recovery and treatment services, and  incarceration is not always the right answer. Sometimes treatment, not  the criminal justice system, is the answer.   Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting an incredible young woman-- inspirational, really--who knows all of this very well. Her name is  Chelsea Carter, and she is from Logan, WV. When she met me yesterday,  she said: We met. We met 10 years ago.   I said: Really? Where did we meet?   She said: I did your nails at Spa Bliss.   I said: Oh, well, thank you for that.   But along that journey, Chelsea has had a rough, rough go. At one  point, Chelsea was charged with 17 felonies due to her drug habit. She  told me her drug habit began when she was 12 years old. She said she  was able to continue life through high school. It appeared as though  she had a normal life. She was a cheerleader, participated in school,  and all the time she was getting deeper and crawling deeper into a  drug-addicted hole.   After she faced the criminal justice system, she became committed to  getting off drugs and getting clean the very first night she spent in  jail, and she has been clean ever since. She went through the drug  court system, and, basically, it has saved her life. But that is not  the end of the story for Chelsea. She has a bright future ahead of her,  and she has moved forward.   She was in town for the annual conference of the National Association  of Drug Court Professionals. She has committed her life to helping  people like her who have had this situation and who have been at the  bottom of the pit of hopelessness, bad health, and bad decisionmaking.  She is committed to helping her fellow West Virginians crawl out of  that pit, like she did, and become productive individuals. This is the  world's largest conference on treatment courts and criminal justice  reform.   Back home in Logan, Chelsea is the program director at Appalachian  Health Services. She just got her master's degree. One of the things  that struck me is that, even in a management position, she continues to  counsel and treat a full load of patients, and she told me she will  always do so.   Chelsea's story is an example of the progress that can be made by  fully committing to fighting the drug epidemic. There are victories and  programs that work. Drug court is not the only one, but it is one in  the spectrum of solutions.   I am committed to the fight and to working with all of our colleagues  who are speaking out today. I know many of us are committed to this. It  doesn't leave a family or community untouched. I am really inspired by  West Virginians like Chelsea Carter who are on the frontlines.   With that, I yield for my colleague from Nevada.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nevada.   