 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on this and so many  issues.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 2148, which clarifies and  simplifies the capital rules for commercial real estate loans.   This bill addresses an important issue, which is that the capital  requirements for commercial real estate loans are overly complex for  banks and unnecessarily punish certain types of commercial real estate  loans and, thereby, the overall economy.   I have had many community bankers and real estate developers complain  to me about this, and I think that they have a point. Even the  regulators agree that these rules are overly complicated and need to be  simplified, so there is broad consensus that this is a longtime,  legitimate problem that needs to be fixed.   I thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for all their  hard work on this issue. I also want to thank Mr. Pittenger and Mr.  Scott for working with me during this markup on an amendment to  strengthen the bill.    The current capital rules punish commercial real estate loans that  are considered high volatility, by requiring banks to hold additional  capital against them. They have to hold capital worth 150 percent for  these high volatility loans, as opposed to the normal 100 percent for  other commercial real estate loans.   These high volatility commercial real estate loans, or HVCRE loans,  are usually made so that a borrower can purchase vacant or undeveloped  land, which they then will build on or hold for a later time.   But the capital rules for these HVCRE loans were extremely complex  and led to a great deal of confusion about which loans were considered  high volatility and which were not.   The regulators finally did propose a rule to simplify the treatment  of high volatility commercial real estate loans just a few weeks ago.  This bill addresses the same issue as the regulators' proposed rule by  simplifying the capital rules for commercial real estate loans.   I offered an amendment in committee that further aligned the bill  with the best parts of the regulators' proposed rule, which I think  ultimately strengthened and improved the bill. The bill would simplify  the capital rules by removing the so-called contributed capital  requirement, which requires very complicated calculations and forces  banks to project the value of the property years into the future, which  is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to do.   Even the regulators have concluded that this entire contributed  capital requirement is unnecessarily burdensome and does not add  protection at all. Removing it will streamline the capital rules for  banks and make it easier to finance job-creating projects. The  regulators have proposed to remove this entire requirement, and I  agree.   Under current law, banks have to hold more capital when the property  is vacant and not producing any income. So the bill clarifies that when  a property does start to produce sufficient income to cover the debt  service payments to the bank, then the loan is much safer, and thus is  eligible for capital relief, removing the 150 percent surcharge and  going back down to 100 percent.   I think this bill is a very good, commonsense bill that fixes a  legitimate problem, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I  believe it will make access to capital more fair and will get it out  into the community, creating jobs.   I congratulate all of my colleagues who were part of this process,  and I support the bill.   