 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Alabama for  yielding, my good friend, Martha Roby, who has been such a leader on  this issue. It has been my great privilege to be a sponsor of the  Working Families Flexibility Act in the 113th Congress, in the 114th  Congress, and now again in the 115th Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Working Families Flexibility  Act of 2017, which will remove a Federal restriction on private sector  employees who would like the option of comp time compensation in lieu  of cash for their overtime work, the same as public sector employees.  Mr. Speaker, we are talking about a voluntary choice made by employees  for cash overtime or for comp time.   The last thing our Federal Government should be doing is dictating  how our small-business employees and entrepreneur compensation  operates. Mr. Speaker, in November, Missourians and many Americans  spoke loud and clear: it is time to get government out of the  pocketbooks and off of the backs of hardworking Americans.   Americans are also desperate for job flexibility. I know I was also  as a working mom when I worked at Ralston Purina in St. Louis,  Missouri. They want to have a better balance of obligations of their  day-to-day jobs while taking care of family and family matters.   The Working Families Flexibility Act will help us do just that. For  the past 30 years, public sector employees have enjoyed the benefit of  choosing voluntary paid time off, or comp time, instead of cash wages  as compensation for working overtime hours. Private sector workers, who  make up an incredibly large portion of our economy, should also reap  this benefit. It is simply common sense.   Amending this overtime restriction through this legislation will help  bring our workforce standards into the 21st century and allow our  workers to do their jobs while still providing them with the voluntary  flexibility to raise a family, pursue a college degree, care for aging  parents, or tend to the day-to-day obligations that come their way.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Working Families  Flexibility Act, as it safeguards workers' time and wages, and protects  their use of the comp time they have earned. Most importantly, as we  work each day to get our economy back on track, this legislation  empowers the American worker with more options and flexibility that  will ultimately lead to a better quality of life.    Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure. And I must say, since we  do have time, that her being a champion of this in the last three  Congresses that I have had the pleasure of working--and my constituents  in Missouri's Second District have sent me--it is wonderful to see a  working mom like her, who is juggling all of those day-to-day needs, to  stand up for private sector workers who deserve the same kinds of  options and flexibility that our public service has enjoyed for some 30  years. So I thank her for being a  [[Page H2993]]  champion in this way. She is a wonderful legislator and a wonderful  mother, too.    