 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from North Dakota.  She has been a champion of building this bipartisan coalition. When we  announced this yesterday, we had a very large board that showed quite a  broad array of groups from around the country that are very much in  support of this concept. So, I thank Senator Heitkamp for her great  leadership.   It is terrific to be on the floor with Senator Whitehouse. We both  serve on the EPW Committee together, and many times we are totally  opposite. Sometimes we feel as if we are on opposite planets, I think,  but definitely on different sides of this issue. It is great to be on  the same side of an issue such as this, which really helps fortify not  just our country but our regions and our beliefs as well.   As Senator Heitkamp said, we have 25 cosponsors. Some of them are  utilities, environmental groups, oil and gas companies, Governors,  labor unions, so it is a great array of the country interested in  carbon capture utilization and storage. We have done a lot of research  in this area, but we haven't been able to scale it up to a point where  it is economically viable, and that is where I think the tax credits  will be not just welcomed and used, but it will be very important to  see that scalability--which we have seen coming in small bits and  pieces--maybe come in much greater amounts.   We obviously have a very robust coal industry in the State of West  Virginia. We have lost thousands of jobs. Senator Whitehouse and I have  talked about his stay in West Virginia. He has great empathy for the  coal miner and for those families that have lost jobs, but he is very  concerned, as I think we all are, about what it is doing to our  environment and how can we improve this.   That is what this legislation, I think, will help do. It will spur  domestic investment in the technologies. It will also help us, I think,  bring energy security because it goes to the baseload fuels, whether it  is coal or natural gas, that we have to have.   I mean, in Washington, DC, today, it is hot out there, and I can  guarantee you there are a lot of air-conditioners that are running at  maximum speed. If we do not have this baseload power, which is coal and  natural gas in areas--and I see my fellow Senator from West Virginia.  We know, in coal country, how important that is and also what smiles on  people's faces these air-conditioners can bring, as these hot days go,  because we are running at full capacity.   We want to make sure that by capturing the carbon stream, we prevent  any waste emissions and we provide a possible valuable resource for  industry. I remarked yesterday for industry to extract oil, which is  very important, obviously, to the Senator from North Dakota and also in  our Marcellus shale region.   I believe that with this research and with the spurring of this  technology, CO2 is going to have another use out there.  There are all kinds of utilization possibilities, but if we just turn  our backs on it or try to shut it down and make it unviable financially  to invest in these technologies, we are never going to find that next  best use of CO2.   So we tweaked the bill a little bit. The Senators have had this bill  out for at least a couple of years. There is a companion bill in the  House with a lot of cosponsors as well. I think it has, with 25  cosponsors on the Senate floor, bipartisan but very different  philosophical beliefs, maybe. Maybe that is not the best way to put it.  There are very different regional approaches to this, I guess would be  a better way to state that.   We have our universities, such as West Virginia University and  Marshall University, that are working on this. We have the National  Energy Technology Lab in Morgantown, where Secretary Perry joined both  Senator Manchin and me to talk about the technologies that are in front  of us and the challenge for researchers.   I feel like financing and the economic model is where we are trying  to go, in order to spur investment, to provide the regulatory certainty  but also the investment certainty in that this is a keeper; that this  is something that is here to stay, that it is doable, that it is  economically feasible, that it is scalable, and it provides us with a  lot of energy security at the same time. I think its greatest benefit  of all is to keep our air clean and get it cleaner and meet the  challenges of the next several decades.   With that, I turn it over to the Senator from Rhode Island.   