 Mr. Chairman, first I would like to join my colleague in  sending our thoughts and condolences to the DeLauro family.   Ranking Member DeLauro's mother, Luisa, passed away this weekend at  the age of 103. The family is together this week in New Haven,  Connecticut.   Luisa DeLauro was an inspiration to her daughter, Rosa, to the city  of New Haven, and to us all. Luisa was the longest serving member of  the New Haven Board of Aldermen in the city's history, serving 35  years.   She set an example for women everywhere as she fought to ensure that  women's voices were heard in the male-dominated arena of politics.   As Rosa has said, her mother understood that politics was an avenue  for change, a way to help people who were struggling, and she dedicated  her service to issues involving seniors, the working poor, and her  beloved neighborhood of Wooster Square, which she helped to designate  as New Haven's first historic district.   Luisa was a beloved local leader with an open-door policy, who  developed friendships that lasted a lifetime, but she was also well  known as a strong-willed fighter for issues she believed in, and it is  clear that her dedication and fierce passion will live on in her  daughter, our friend, Rosa.   Even though Luisa DeLauro passed away at 103, for Rosa and her  family, it still feels like she was taken too soon. My thoughts are  with my good friend, Rosa DeLauro, and the entire DeLauro family.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms.  Bonamici).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I, too, appreciate the chairman's comments,  and I do hope, during this process, we will respond to this important  request.   I rise in support of this amendment.   The underlying bill cuts the Department of Labor's Youth Employment  Program, which provides funding to all 50 States, by $42 million, a  shortsighted proposal that ignores the needs of millions of young  people.   In the United States, there are roughly 5.5 million teenagers and  young adults between the ages of 16 and 24 who are neither working nor  in school. This translates to one in seven teens and young adults. The  youth program helps prepare out-of-school and low-income youth in your  communities for employment and postsecondary education. These youth  represent extraordinary potential for our Nation's economy. Investing  in them has a ripple effect on future generations of low-income  children and families, and I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.     Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would truly  decimate the ability of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human  Services, and Education to meet the needs of Americans by  indiscriminately transferring $351 million to the spending reduction  account.   This does nothing to improve the bill, which is already underfunded.  The majority has imposed more than a $5 billion cut to the Labor-HHS  bill below the 2017 omnibus level. Further cuts are completely  unnecessary, and that is not all. The committee's allocation was  approximately $5 billion below the nondefense level allowed under the  Budget Control Act.   We have the resources available, yet the majority refuses to allocate  them to the essential programs funded through this bill.    This amendment would not encourage the agencies to do more with less.  Simply put, it would force the agencies and our constituents to do less  with less.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to rise in support of Mr.  Sablan's amendment which would improve enforcement of workplace safety  standards in the territories. I would note that, adjusted for  inflation, OSHA's enforcement budget has been cut by more than 20  percent since 2010, and OSHA's safety inspections declined by more than  20 percent during that time.   It is a sad commentary that we are placing less value on an American  worker's safety at the workplace than we did a decade ago. We should be  supporting workplace safety in the territories, and we should be  supporting workplace safety in the 50 States as well.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Mr. Sablan's amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my friend Ms.  Meng's amendment which would restore the Women's Bureau to its FY 2017  funding level. Women now comprise almost half of the Nation's  workforce, and their contributions are vital to the country's economic  prosperity. But there continue to be barriers to women's full and equal  participation in many careers and industries. Women continue to earn  less than men in the same positions, which means the research and  policy advocacy supported by the Women's Bureau continues to be as  important as ever.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Ms. Meng's amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, nearly 1.7 million children, including more  than 87,000 in my home State of New York, rely on afterschool programs  supported through the 21st Century Community Learning Centers to  provide a safe, enriching environment to learn. Yet this bill would cut  funding for afterschool programs, leaving tens of thousands of students  without educational programs as well as drug and violence prevention  counseling, arts, music, recreation, and more.   We should invest more, not less, in our children. This amendment  would restore funding to the 21st Century Community Learning Centers  program so our students can have access to the safe afterschool  enrichment they deserve.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's kind and  thoughtful words about afterschool programs.   There are over 18 million children whose parents want to take  advantage of afterschool programs, but they lack access in the area  where they live. That is why we work to fund our national network of  afterschool programs through the 21st Century Community Learning  Centers initiative.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I just want to  say to the distinguished chair that I appreciate his positive comments  about this program. I look forward to a better allocation as the  process moves forward, and I look forward to having him and my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle join me in supporting this very  important program.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, will the gentleman from Oklahoma yield?    I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding to me.  Again, I look forward to working with him and the other members of our  committee as we expand the budget.   Mr. Chairman, I want to say to the distinguished gentleman who spoke  before, I grew up in the Bronx, New York. I was fortunate to have my  mother not working at the time. She was able to supervise me. I had  many wonderful play dates.   I would like to say to the distinguished gentleman, in my community  where this program is so essential, many of these people are working  two, three jobs. The mother is working two or three jobs; the father is  working two or three jobs. For some of these families, there is only  one parent.   Perhaps you can come visit my district. I would like you to come to  Port Chester, New York. This was one of the first afterschool programs  I was fortunate to be able to support with this account. I would love  you to come and visit and see what these programs do, which is provide  important support for their parents who want to help and want to be  supportive of their children, but sometimes these jobs do stand in the  way.   These programs are so very important, and I look forward to working  with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in providing more  funding.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the  amendment.    Knowing, Mr. Chairman, of the gentleman's commitment to  families, and I know that the gentleman's family is committed to their  children, I am totally shocked that this amendment will be addressed  tonight on the floor of the House.   This amendment, my friend, would cut personnel. Mothers and fathers  will be directly affected by this. This amendment will cut the  personnel whose responsibility it is to ensure the safety and health of  our Nation's coal miners.   The proposed amendment, my friend, would cut the Mine Safety Health  Administration coal enforcement personnel by 10 percent, would result  in the Mine Safety Health Administration being forced to violate  Federal law because it would be unable to fulfill its statutorily  mandated duty to inspect underground coal mines every 3 months. We have  seen what happens, my friends, when mandatory inspections are cut back  and the number of experienced mine inspectors are reduced to coal  miners that cut corners on safety.   Following the massive explosion in 2010, at Upper Big Branch, which  killed 29 coal miners in the worst coal mine disaster in the country in  four decades, investigators found that mine management had consistently  violated basic safety standards such as ventilation and rock dusting  intended to prevent coal dust explosions. The number of violations at  this mine were among the highest in the Nation.   The ultimate responsibility, my friends, for that disaster lays  squarely at the feet of mine management, including its CEO Don  Blankenship, who was criminally convicted of a misdemeanor and served  the maximum of 1 year for conspiring to violate mine safety standards.   It is also clear from the internal review that due to budget cuts  during the Bush administration, MSHA, the Mine Safety and Health  Administration, became severely short staffed. There were too few  inspectors to meet the requirement for mandatory inspections. You  cannot underfund mine safety and health and expect to adequately  protect the lives of miners. We know what happens when safety takes a  back seat to profits. People die.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Scott), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the  Workforce Committee.    In closing, this amendment would irresponsibly cut  staffing by 10 percent at an agency responsible for the safety and  health of our Nation's coal miners. Mr. Chairman, lives are at stake.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment, I urge my colleagues  to reject it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to address a closing remark to  my good friend from North Carolina, and I know that my good friend and  I have worked together, Mr. Chairman, on many important issues.   I would just like to say again that whether there are 1,000 miners or  50 miners, and I understand the gentleman's concern about the closing  of mines, but we have a responsibility to those who are still working  in those mines to make sure that they are safe.   I would ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment because it  is absolutely vital that we protect those outstanding workers who are  supporting their families and make sure they are safe.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   