 Mr. Speaker, it is, indeed, my honor to join my  colleagues tonight to recognize and celebrate 150 years of excellence  in education at HBCUs. I thank the congresswoman from North Carolina's  12th Congressional District (Ms. Adams) for leading the charge tonight.   And to our CBC chairman, Congressman Cedric Richmond, I thank him for  allowing us to come forward and not only tell our stories about the 150  years, but to demonstrate to all of those, Mr. Speaker, who are  watching tonight, that we set an example for others to follow.   The nine HBCUs celebrating their 150th anniversaries this year have  been educating and transforming Black students across this Nation into  leaders. For 150 years, HBCUs have weathered the violence of Jim Crow  laws and funding cuts to continue to be the light in many of our  overlooked communities.   While my alma mater, Central State University, hasn't been here for  150 years, it was established in 1887. And in 2014, it received the  designation as a land-grant university, the last of the HBCUs to become  a land-grant.   For 130 years, Central State University has been that light, that  training ground for African-American change makers--African-American  change makers in a nation like you see in this picture. It was just a  few months ago I traveled back for my homecoming to celebrate with  friends and classmates, 130 years. It is 130 years of a university that  has produced classmates like Nancy Wilson, Leontyne Price, Orlando  Brown, Arsenio Hall, Jason Thomas, a United States Marine who was there  during the aftermath of 9/11 and rescued people. Also, we have people  like  [[Page H9784]]  Elizabeth Eckford, one of the Little Rock Nine, a group of African- American students who, as we all remember, in 1957, were the first  Black students ever to attend classes at Little Rock Central High  School.   I am very thankful for 40-plus years of friendships with individuals  like Zenobia Leavell. And when I think of Linda Brown, and as we call  her ``Lulu,'' for organizing this picture, because we stand tall, and  we represent all sectors of this community.   Central State provided an education for this little girl from Dayton,  Ohio, when my mother and father sat down and they were able to put  their dollars and cents together to not only send me, but to send every  one of my siblings to an HBCU university. They said: We want you to go  there, but we want you to come back. Little did they know that I would  stand in the Halls of Congress and advocate for HBCU universities.  Attending Central State University changed my life.   It is important for you to know, when we talk about HBCUs, I know it  all too well. Just yesterday, I sat at our kitchen table with my  grandbabies and their parents and my husband, and our conversation--I  was so proud because, you see, it was Howard University, Morehouse  College, and Spelman College that produced us. When you think about my  husband, an attorney, a graduate of Howard University; when you think  about Otto III, an attorney and entrepreneur and graduate of Morehouse  College; when you think of Laurel Beatty Blunt, a common pleas court  judge and a graduate of Spelman College; I am so proud that when I sat  there and I looked at my grandbabies, Leah and Spencer, and as Leah  beamed because she was wearing a T-shirt that said: I am Spelman-bound,  Grammy; and then there is Spencer, who will be going to Morehouse, that  is because we stand on the shoulders of so many.   Why do we come tonight? We come to tell you that 40 percent of all  Black Members of Congress are graduates of HBCUs; 12.5 percent of all  Black CEOs, HBCUs; half of all the Black professors at non-HBCUs; 50  percent of all Black lawyers, graduates of HBCUs; and 80 percent of all  Black judges, graduates of HBCUs.    When I think about today, with Trump's administration and with their  proposals to cut Pell grants, when I think about the threats to hold  construction grants, when I think about Republicans' assault on  students in the Republican tax scam hike, it is a sad day in America.   We come today because we want our voices to be heard, because we  know, in the words of one of our own, Barbara Jordan: ``Education  remains the key to both economic and political empowerment. That is why  schools charged with educating African Americans have, perhaps, the  deepest challenge of all.''   Mr. Speaker, let me end by saying two things in the words of Nelson  Mandela, and I think it sums it all up: ``Education is the most  powerful weapon you can have to change the world.''   That is why I stand here with my colleagues, standing up for HBCUs,  standing up that this administration will understand that we expect-- no, we demand to get the appropriate funding so our children, our  grandchildren, and generations yet unborn will have the same  opportunities that I have had and so many more, because when HBCUs  succeed, America succeeds.   