 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I am pleased to be here with Chairman Frelinghuysen to complete the  fiscal year 2017 appropriations process. Bipartisan negotiations  resulted in a bill. The product of compromise makes important  investments such as: increasing biomedical research at the NIH by $2  billion; increasing investments in early childhood and education  programs such as Head Start, Title I, IDEA, and afterschool programs;  making college more affordable by increasing Pell grants and making  them available year round; providing robust funding for public  broadcasting and community service; and investing in transportation,  housing, first responders, and providing our military with the tools to  deter and defeat threats abroad.   It would also: ensure American citizens in Puerto Rico continue to  have access to health care; permanently extend health insurance  benefits for retired mine workers; increase funding to combat the  opioid epidemic; preserve Planned Parenthood's eligibility for Federal  funds; provide $1.1 billion in disaster assistance for regions affected  by storms and flooding, including North Carolina, California,  Louisiana, West Virginia, and more.   It is imperative to note what this bill does not contain: not one  cent for President Trump's border wall or additional fencing; no  poison-pill riders that would have prevented so-called sanctuary cities  from receiving Federal grants, undermined the Affordable Care Act, or  harmed the FDA's ability to regulate tobacco products.    While I am pleased we reached this agreement, we should not celebrate  coming to a full-year agreement in May for a fiscal year that began 7  months ago.   Last year, our committee was negotiating in good faith until the  Trump transition team interfered, insisting on a CR until late April.  This unnecessary and costly delay, combined with the President's  proposed cuts for the FY17 and FY18 spending bills, do not bode well  for our work in the coming months.   So, while I support this bill, I am under no illusions and expect  this President will again insist on draconian cuts that will harm  hardworking families and interfere with our ability to negotiate.   Just yesterday, the President irresponsibly tweeted: ``Our country  needs a good `shutdown' in September. . . . `' Perhaps the President  needs a history lesson. The Constitution grants Congress the power of  the purse. I hope the President is watching and that he will learn that  good things happen when we work together for the American people.   Of course, our good bipartisan work on this bill would not have been  possible without our excellent staff, and I want to personally thank  all the minority and majority Appropriations Committee staffers,  especially our Democratic Staff Director Shalanda Young; and Deputy  Staff Director Chris Bigelow; and their majority counterparts, Nancy  Fox and Jim Kulikowski.   Again, I appreciate the opportunity to work with Chairman  Frelinghuysen, and I appreciate the work of all our committee members,  all our ranking members, and their personal staffs as well.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy  and Water Development, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano), who is the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies.   (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I just want to clarify that Democrats  support a strong military and defense of our country, but we are very  proud of the work that we are doing together in a bipartisan way to  support the National Institutes of Health, afterschool programs, Head  Start, and a full year of Pell grant that will help our young people  get a college education. So I am proud of that work.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Bishop), who is the ranking member of the Committee on  Agriculture.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished minority whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the distinguished ranking member of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), my friend with whom I have served on  the Committee on Appropriations forever, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Cuellar), a distinguished member of the Committee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Meng), an outstanding new member of our Committee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez).    Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 1 minute to the  distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the minority  leader.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his  efforts to bring an omnibus to the floor. He came into the chairmanship  having to finish FY17 and must quickly pivot to FY18. This is a package  that Members of both parties can support. It came through bipartisan  and bicameral negotiations and offers compromises for both parties.   This kind of cooperation best serves the American people. I thank the  chairs and ranking members of the subcommittees who did most of the  heavy lifting to produce this bill, and I again thank the committee and  personal staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work. It shows  we can do our basic job keeping the government open without the threat  of a shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Frelinghuysen), the distinguished chairman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   