 Mr. President, I rise in strong support of Judge  Charles Breyer's reappointment to the U.S. Sentencing Commission.   Judge Breyer earned his bachelor's degree cum laude from Harvard  University in 1963 and his law degree from the University of  California, Berkeley Law School in 1966.   In 1997, Judge Breyer was nominated by President Clinton to a seat on  the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. Judge  Breyer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate that same year by voice vote.   On the bench, Judge Breyer has served with distinction. He has done  the hard work of sentencing individuals to prison terms. He has also  focused on sentencing issues outside the courtroom, testifying before  the Sentencing Commission in 2009 and serving as chair of a Ninth  Circuit Committee evaluating the impact of the Supreme Court's  decisions in Blakely v. Washington, 2004, and United States v. Booker,  2005, on sentencing.   In 2011, Judge Breyer took senior status, and the following year, he  was nominated by President Obama to serve on the Sentencing Commission.  Judge Breyer became the commission's vice chair in 2013.   The Sentencing Commission is an independent agency charged with  establishing sentencing guidelines for the Federal court system. The  commission's work is important. It is responsible for advising and  assisting Congress and the Executive branch in the development of  effective and efficient crime policy. The commission also collects,  analyzes, researches, and distributes a broad array of information on  Federal crime and sentencing issues and serves as a resource for  Congress, the Executive branch, the Judiciary, practitioners,  academics, and the public.   Since the start of the 115th Congress, the Sentencing Commission has  been unable to do its work because it has been with only two  commissioners. By statute, the commission requires a quorum of at least  four commissioners.   For this reason, it is vitally important that Judge Breyer is  confirmed once again to serve on the commission. Judge Breyer is a man  of distinction and integrity. He has a long history of dedicated  service to this country and an impeccable record of fairness. The  commission really needs his continued leadership.   Today I urge my colleagues to support Judge Breyer's nomination.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the hour of 12 noon  having arrived, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to  the Breyer and Reeves nominations en bloc?   