 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking the  Senator from Illinois. Not only did she serve this country, she  sacrificed for this country. I for one, as I see her rolling up and  down the aisles and through the halls, am just so proud and so thankful  for her, for her family, for her work, and particularly I thank her for  these comments. I think the Senator is very worthy, and I am delighted  to be her colleague.   Mr. President, I, too, rise in strong opposition to the confirmation  of Steven Bradbury to serve as general counsel in the Department of  Transportation.   Steven Bradbury has a troubling history of disregard for United  States and international law and seems unable to offer objective legal  analysis. Both of these troubling characteristics were on display when  he helped justify the CIA's torture program.   I was on the Intelligence Committee during this period of time--and  still am--and one of the things we wanted to see were the Office of  Legal Counsel memoranda. The OLC memos were never given to us, although  individuals from the Department came and spoke to us about them.   Steven Bradbury was head of the Justice Department's Office of Legal  Counsel from 2005 to 2009. During that time, he wrote four legal  memos--finally declassified, finally here--and this is what they look  like. Those memos provided the legal foundation for waterboarding and  other interrogation techniques that were tantamount to torture.   The first memo, written on May 10, 2005, concludes that the use of  so-called enhanced interrogation techniques was lawful. This memo,  which addressed torture techniques including waterboarding, was written  to replace the previous classified Office of Legal Counsel opinions.   The second memo, also written on May 10, found that the use of  multiple interrogation techniques would not violate U.S. law because  there would be no severe mental pain or suffering, just physical  distress.   The third memo, written on May 30, 2005, reaffirmed a previous OLC  opinion that the CIA's use of torture, such as waterboarding, was not  prohibited by the Convention against Torture, so long as it was done  overseas. That memo also concluded that constitutional prohibitions  against cruel, unusual, and inhumane treatment or punishment did not  apply.   The fourth memo, written on July 20, 2007, concluded that the  continued use of six enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA,  including forced nudity and extended sleep deprivation, did not violate  the Detainee Treatment Act or the War Crimes Act or the Geneva  Conventions.   By writing these four memos, Bradbury not only provided the feeble  foundation upon which the CIA violated well-established law and  military doctrine, he also endangered U.S. troops--as the Senator from  Illinois has pointed out--betrayed our country's values, and  compromised our standing as a world leader.   The tactics used by the CIA were not only more brutal than was known,  they also didn't produce actionable intelligence. We have a 7,000-page  document, with 32,000 footnotes, which took 6 years of reviewing cables  and information--all factual, not declassified, and a summary was  declassified--and to date, nothing in it has been contradicted.  Capturing terror suspects and torturing them in secret facilities  failed. Period.   Among Bradbury's many troubling conclusions in these memos were that  neither the Constitution's prohibitions against inhumane treatment nor  the U.N. Convention Against Torture applied to the CIA's activities  outside U.S. territory. That is interesting.   Even more troubling, Bradbury's 2007 memo was written with the  purpose of evading congressional intent. It is stunning that the head  of the Office of Legal Counsel would knowingly work to find loopholes  in the law to justify the use of torture.   On October 5, 2005, the Senate voted 90 to 9 to approve the Detainee  Treatment Act of 2005. This law stated: ``No individual in the custody  or under the physical control of the United States Government,  regardless of nationality or physical location, shall be subject to  cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment.''   However, less than 2 years later, Bradbury's fourth torture memo  explicitly allowed the CIA to continue many of the abusive  interrogation techniques that Congress clearly intended to prohibit in  the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005. These include forced nudity and  extended sleep deprivation. This should be a disqualifier for  [[Page S7204]]  continued service in the U.S. Government, regardless of the position, I  believe.   It is true that Congress settled this matter in June of 2015 when,  thanks to Senator McCain, we voted overwhelmingly to prohibit torture  in that year's National Defense Authorization Act, but that doesn't  change the fact that Bradbury did his best to bypass Congress a decade  earlier by writing those torture memos.   It is also true that as general counsel of the Transportation  Department, Bradbury wouldn't be tasked with duties connected to  detainees. But by ignoring the intent of Congress in order to justify  the CIA's continued use of torture, Bradbury ignored the law to achieve  a desired result and that is unacceptable.   Even the Justice Department found fault with Bradbury's actions.  After the OLC torture memos came to light, the Department of Justice  conducted an investigation of the facts and the circumstances  surrounding those memos and DOJ's role in the implementation of the CIA  interrogation program.   On June 29, 2009, the Justice Department found ``serious concerns''  about the objectivity and reasonableness of Bradbury's work. This  included evidence that he gave into pressure in order to produce  opinions that would allow the CIA torture program to continue.   The Department of Justice report cited several Bush administration  officials who believed Bradbury was producing opinions with the goal of  allowing the program to continue.   Jim Comey, who served as Deputy Attorney General at the time of  Bradbury's memos, said there was significant pressure from the White  House--specifically Vice President Cheney and his staff--to allow the  program to continue. Comey said that one would have to be ``an idiot  not to know what was wanted.'' Comey also said that in his opinion,  Bradbury knew that ``if he rendered an opinion that shut down or  hobbled the [interrogation] program the Vice President . . . would be  furious.''   John Bellinger, who in 2007 served as legal advisor to Secretary of  State Condoleezza Rice, wrote to Bradbury and stated that he was  ``concerned that the [2007 Bradbury] opinion's careful parsing of  statutory and treaty terms'' would be considered ``a work of advocacy  to achieve a desired outcome.''   The DOJ was also concerned that Bradbury relied too heavily on the  CIA's reviews of its own interrogation program, which of course were  positive.   During a time when we needed independent voices in government to  check the CIA's actions, Bradbury failed to rise to the occasion. He  failed to fulfill the responsibilities of his position.   The Senate twice refused to confirm Bradbury as Assistant Attorney  General for the Office of Legal Counsel during the Bush administration  because of this very issue. Nothing has changed since that time. I urge  my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Steven Bradbury to be the general counsel of the  Department of Transportation. I must say to my colleagues, of the years  that I have been here, I never thought that we would be considering the  nomination of a person who supported the commission of what the Geneva  Convention says are war crimes. That is a serious, serious issue. And  the Constitution charges the Senate to give its advice and consent to  senior executive branch nominations as a check against the appointment  of people to an important government position who, because of one  failure or another, should not be entrusted with the interests of the  American people. I do not believe that Mr. Bradbury deserves that  public trust, and I will oppose his nomination. I am astonished that we  are here, considering the nomination of a person who is in violation of  the Geneva Convention, the rules of war to which the United States of  America is signatory.    Some of us remember that Mr. Bradbury served as the acting head of  the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel from 2005 to 2009.  During this time, he authored a few of what have become to be known  infamously as the torture memos, which provided the legal  justifications for 13 types of enhanced interrogation techniques  employed by the CIA against detainees held by the United States under  law of war authorities.   My dear friends and colleagues, the term ``enhanced interrogation  techniques'' is a euphemism. These memos provided a legal framework for  the use of methods that include waterboarding, which is a mock  execution and an exquisite form of torture in which the victim suffers  the terrible sensation of drowning. In discussing this practice, we are  speaking of an interrogation technique that dates from the Spanish  Inquisition and has been a prosecutable offense for over a century. It  is among the crimes for which Japanese war criminals were tried and  hanged following World War II and was employed by the infamous Khmer  Rouge in Cambodia. I repeat. The Japanese war criminals were tried and  hanged following World War II for--guess what--waterboarding. Of  course, the Khmer Rouge, whom we all know about, was also one of those.   I must say to my colleagues that in the years I have been here in the  U.S. Senate, I never believed that I would be voting against an  individual who justified the practice of torture. All you have to do is  read the Geneva Conventions, to which the United States of America is  signatory, and you will see that Mr. Bradbury's memos, which basically  justified torture, were in direct contravention.   The memos of which Mr. Bradbury was the author provided the  justifications for the inhumane interrogation of detainees by using  methods such as forced nudity and humiliation, facial and abdominal  slapping, dietary manipulation, stress positions, cramped confinement,  striking, and more than 48 hours of sleep deprivation. I would  challenge Mr. Bradbury to go through 48 hours of sleep deprivation  before he signs off on another memo. Worse, the legal justifications  for these techniques were interpreted to permit their use  simultaneously, over long periods of time, which constituted what I and  many others who are familiar with these techniques believe are  torture--torture inflicted by the representatives of a Nation founded  on the ideal that all people are born with equal dignity and that even  enemies who scorn our ideals, once they are our prisoners, are to be  spared cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment.   The memos authored, in part, by Mr. Bradbury justified the use of  these techniques under article 16 of the United Nations Convention  against Torture and declared them not in contravention to article 3 of  the Geneva Conventions, which prohibits ``outrages upon personal  dignity''--those are the Geneva Conventions to which the United States  is signatory--and violence to a life of a person. Most people,  including, I am sure, Mr. Bradbury, have never been tightly bound, made  to remain in a stress position, and deprived of sleep for 48 hours. Let  me assure my colleagues that anyone who has suffered such treatment  will know that he has been tortured.   The two main memos that Mr. Bradbury wrote and signed were entitled  ``Application of United States Obligations Under Article 16 of the  Convention Against Torture to Certain Techniques that May Be Used in  the Interrogation of High Value al Qaeda Detainees'' and ``Application  of the War Crimes Act, the Detainee Treatment Act, and Article 3 of the  Geneva Conventions to Certain Techniques that May Be Used by the CIA in  the Interrogation of High Value al Qaeda Detainees.''   In the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence's study of detention  and interrogation program, CIA leadership and interrogators frequently  cited these two Bradbury memos as the legal justification that  permitted them to use enhanced interrogation techniques. These  techniques amounted to de facto torture. Put simply, Mr. Bradbury's  memos were permission slips for torture. I repeat to my colleagues who  are about to vote for him that his memos were permission slips for  torture.  [[Page S7205]]    I wonder, of someone who is responsible for what he justifies, how he  sleeps. I wonder how he gets rest. Doesn't the face of that person who  has been deprived of sleep for 48 hours ever pop into his mind?   I have long said that I understand the reasons that governed the  decision to approve these interrogation methods, and I know that those  who approved them and those who employed them in the interrogation of  captured terrorists were dedicated to protecting the American people  from harm. I know that they were determined to keep faith with the  victims of terrorism and prove to our enemies that the United States  would pursue justice relentlessly and successfully no matter how long  it took. I know that their responsibilities were grave and urgent and  that the strain of their duty was considerable. I admire their  dedication and love of country, but I argued then and I argue now that  it was wrong to use these methods, that it undermined our security  interests, and that it contradicted the ideals that define us and which  we have sacrificed so much to defend.    While Mr. Bradbury has justified his work on these torture memos as  the duty of a lawyer representing his client, the Commander in Chief of  the United States, I believe that he had a higher duty, as do all who  serve this country, to defend our most cherished ideals from wholesale  violation in the name of self-defense. Leave aside the fact that, as  intelligence-gathering tools, torture is mostly useless and has been  proven to be so by the record assembled by the Intelligence Committee.  We have led by example and sacrificed blood and treasure to advance our  ideals around the world only to undermine our good reputation in a  crucible in which we allowed fears to get the better of our decency.   While it is true, as Mr. Bradbury and his supporters claim, that the  memos issued under his name improved upon the sloppy and more expansive  legal work done by his predecessors, I do not think that that absolves  Mr. Bradbury of his role in this dark chapter of American history.  Indeed, a more meticulous justification for torture is still a  justification for torture--and, arguably, a more pernicious one.   Let's not pretend that there was no direct connection between the  legal work done by Mr. Bradbury and the abuses that followed. The memos  that bear his name made it possible for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed--a  monster and a murderer, to be sure, but a detainee held in U.S. custody  under the laws of armed conflict--to be waterboarded 183 times. I  repeat. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times. This  technique was used so gratuitously that even those applying it  eventually came to believe that there was no reason to continue. They  were ordered to do so anyway.   The memos also made it possible for Abu Zubaydah, an alleged al-Qaida  operative, to be subjected to waterboarding two to four times a day,  rendering him so distressed that he was unable to speak. The damaging  effects of waterboarding cannot be overstated. According to the Senate  Intelligence Committee's report on torture, Zubaydah's waterboarding  sessions ``resulted in immediate fluid intake and involuntary leg,  chest and arm spasms'' and hysterical pleas. In at least one session,  ``Zubaydah became completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through  his open, full mouth,'' and he required medical intervention.   The memos that bear Mr. Bradbury's name also made it possible for a  Libyan detainee and his wife to be rendered to a foreign country where  the woman was bound and gagged, while being several months pregnant,  and photographed naked as several American intelligence officers  watched.   I wonder what our average citizens would think when we tell them that  an agent of the American Government took a woman who was several months  pregnant and bound, gagged, and photographed her naked as several  American intelligence officers watched. I am told that that picture  still exists somewhere in the archives that has recorded this shameful  period in our history.   In voting against Mr. Bradbury's nomination, as I also voted last  week for similar reasons against Mr. Steven Engel's nomination to head  the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel, I am making it  clear that I will not support any nominee who justified the use of  torture by Americans. The laws of war were carefully created to be  precise and technical in nature but also to leave room for  interpretation, even at the risk of abuse by the executive branch. This  makes the duty of government lawyers all the more significant. They  must serve as guardians of our ideals and our obligations under  international law. They are the safeguards and checks on the conscience  of our government, and I cannot in good faith vote to confirm lawyers  who have fallen short in this awesome responsibility.   I will cast my vote against Mr. Bradbury, not because I believe him  to be unpatriotic or malevolent but because I believe that what is at  stake in this confirmation vote, much as what we stand to gain or lose  in the war we are still fighting transcends the immediate matter before  us. Ultimately, this is not about Mr. Bradbury; this is not about  terrorists. This is about us--who we are and who we will be in the  future.   This is about what we lose when, by official policy or official  neglect, we allow, confuse, or encourage those who fight this war for  us to forget that best sense of ourselves. This is our greatest  strength: When we fight to defend our security, we also fight for an  idea--not a tribe, not a land, not a King, not a twisted interpretation  of an ancient religion but for an idea that all men are created equal  and endowed with unalienable rights.   It is indispensable to our success in this war that those we ask to  fight it know that in the discharge of their responsibilities to our  country, they are expected never to forget that they are Americans and  the defenders of a sacred idea of how nations should be governed and  conduct their relations with others, even our enemies.   Those of us who have given them this enormous duty are obliged by our  history and the many terrible sacrifices that have been made in our  defense to make clear to them that they need not risk our country's  honor to prevail and that they are always, always, always Americans-- and different, stronger, and better than those who would destroy us.   Mr. Bradbury's work many years ago did a disservice to our Nation and  its defenders. I cannot in good conscience give him my trust to serve  us again.   I am confident, because of the way this system works, that Mr.  Bradbury will be confirmed, probably. This is a dark, dark chapter in  the history of the United States Senate. We are legitimizing offenses  against the code of the Geneva Conventions. We are harming the  commitment that our forefathers made that we are all created equal.  Unfortunately, we have now betrayed that sacred trust.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   