 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a farmer, a rancher, a small- business person, but most importantly as a mom. I rise to support the  conference report on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.    Mr. Speaker, in my home State of South Dakota, the average household  income is $54,000 per year. Out of that $54,000, our families pay  double the national average in energy costs just because of where they  are located. These are hardworking families and they deserve a break.  The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act gives them that break.   By lowering tax rates, doubling the standard deduction, and doubling  the child tax credit, that family in South Dakota making $54,000 can go  from an $833 tax liability to a $781 tax refund. That is a $1,600  difference in after-tax income. That is $1,600 that can go back to  benefit their families and their communities, rather than into the  greedy hands of those in Washington.   On top of that, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is designed to build a  healthier economy--an economy in which that family making $54,000 can  get a raise, an economy that actually grows jobs.   I am proud to have served on the conference committee that put this  report together. I thank Chairman Brady for his leadership throughout  the process. We worked literally hundreds of hours putting this  together and getting the child tax credit where it is today.   We had vigorous debates about the benefits to rural America. I am  thrilled to be able to go home and tell South Dakota farmers and  ranchers they will have new expensing tools, a new small business  deduction, and significantly lower individual rates.   While I am disappointed that this bill doesn't completely repeal the  death tax, it does provide more relief for producers and small-business  owners.   While no plan is perfect in anyone's eyes, this legislation puts more  money in the pockets of hardworking taxpayers. The bottom line is this:  the American people deserve more control over their paychecks. They  worked for  [[Page H10204]]  that money, and it is time folks in Washington respect that.   