 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen,  Chairwoman Granger, and Ranking Member Visclosky for their hard work  and cooperation. Today's bill is the product of good faith bipartisan  and bicameral negotiation.   Each Member of this body will need to determine whether positive  aspects of this bill outweigh uncertainty about the prospects of 10  other critical funding bills languishing without a clear path forward.  Unlike the Defense Appropriations bill passed by the House last June,  this bill keeps faith with existing caps on discretionary spending. It  does not use a budget gimmick to create a mid-year shortfall in  funding, which would have affected salaries and mission support for men  and women serving bravely in harm's way.   I thank the chairman for increasing cybersecurity operations by  nearly $1 billion; fully funding the European Reassurance Initiative in  response to Russian aggression; investing in the intelligence,  surveillance, and reconnaissance resources combatant commanders clamor  for; and assisting men and women in uniform by increasing pay by 2.1  percent, adding $25 million for sexual assault prevention and response,  and providing $33.8 billion for the Defense Health Program.   Despite these positive attributes, I would be remiss not to remind  this body that the 2017 appropriations process can be described as  nothing but a failure that continues to this day, more than 5 months  into the fiscal year. The Defense bill that we consider today could  have and should have been finished in September 2016. The majority  chose to punt the deadline for this and 10 other appropriations bills  until April for entirely political reasons.   All Americans know we must ensure our Armed Forces are staffed,  trained, and equipped to meet the challenges they face. We must fulfill  that responsibility without neglecting the critical services and  investments funded through the 10 other unfinished appropriations  bills.   I am very concerned that the House Republican leadership is proposing  to  [[Page H1937]]  move one bill forward without any indication that the other 10 will see  the light of day.   