 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the tax plan we  will be voting on tomorrow, likely in the middle of the night, and  definitely without much needed debate, oversight, and transparency, as  it should have.   I think everyone in this Chamber agrees we need to fix our tax system  so it doesn't create so much difficulty for the working families in our  States. If this bill actually did that, it would be real reform, and it  would be bipartisan. However, this plan does not seek anything close to  the type of relief regular working people need. Instead, what it does  is this: It pays back wealthy donors and lobbyists through corporate  welfare, and it does this at the expense of the middle class. In other  words, this is a blatant attempt to take millions of families' hard- earned money and hand it over to rich corporations on the Fortune 500  list.   If the Senate actually goes ahead and passes this bill, corporations  and the wealthiest 1 percent of income earners will get massive and  permanent tax cuts, and it will blow a $1.5 trillion hole into our  deficit. Make no mistake, 3 months from now, Republican leadership will  use that new, massive deficit as the reason to cut Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid.   Why are Republicans in Congress so determined to provide massive  corporate welfare? Listen to this actual quote from one Republican  Member of Congress, which will tell you everything you need to know  about whom this tax plan is really for. He said: My donors are  basically saying, ``Get it done or don't ever call me again.''   This is Washington's culture of soft corruption at its absolute  worst. Now, somehow after years of talking about it, a massive tax bill  has finally made its way to the Senate floor and, after all that talk,  it doesn't even help the middle class. It does the exact opposite.   Here is one very simple example that sums it all up. This bill  eliminates the deduction for local and State taxes, known as the SALT  deduction, which so many Americans need to help them stay afloat. The  SALT deduction prevents hard-working families from being double taxed  on their income. It has long been our policy that when workers pay  their State and local taxes, the IRS doesn't tax them twice on the same  income, but the Republican tax plan now repeals this. In effect, this  plan would make it so you are taxed on everything you make and then you  will be taxed again. Why? Because corporations need a big tax break and  to pay for the tax breaks for the richest Americans.   In many cases, the SALT deduction makes it possible for families to  afford to buy a home, which is usually a family's largest asset, and it  keeps the value of this investment growing. Eliminating the SALT  deduction would hurt New Yorkers, and it would hurt millions of  Americans. There is literally no other way to spin it.   When the details of this tax plan were released, we started hearing a  lot of dredged up old talk about the supposed virtues of trickle-down  economics--the myth that if only corporations had more money, it would  help American families. Well, we have heard this one before, and let's  not be fooled again.   Let's take a look at the state of things right now. The biggest  companies in America are flush with cash, the stock market has never  been higher, but cities, towns, and rural areas all over my State have  been hit hard over and over again by companies that have packed up and  left for cheaper labor and fatter profits abroad. So then why would we  reward them by giving them yet another tax cut they don't need and will  not go to their workers?   President Trump's top economic adviser recently asked a roomful of  CEOs to raise their hands if this extra cash from the tax cut would get  them to reinvest in their communities. No more than a handful of CEOs  in the room raised their hand. I know a lot of people like to pretend  otherwise, but is that really a surprise to anyone here?  [[Page S7386]]  In fact, several CEOs have said on the record that instead of hiring  more workers or raising their pay, many companies will reward  shareholders and not workers by increasing dividends or buying back  their own shares.   This plan could not be more misguided because we should be rewarding  work, not shareholder value. Let me put it another way. Just yesterday,  the Dow broke another record with a new alltime high, and I am sure  many CEOs will get a massive bonus for that, but what I want to know is  this: When the Dow broke that record, how many workers on factory  floors in Pennsylvania or in New York saw their pay increase? How many  workers in grocery stores saw their pay increase? How many families in  your State were given big pay raises that reflected those historic  profits? I think we all know the answer to that question.   In our economy today, even as corporations are earning more money  than ever before, there is essentially no benefit for families. The  wealth does not trickle down, and this tax plan would make that problem  even worse.   This tax plan helps the wrong people. It helps the people and  corporations that don't need any extra help right now. It ignores the  people who do. We need to start rewarding work in this country again,  not doling out lavish tax cuts for giant companies. I can't say this  clearly enough to New Yorkers and to hard-working Americans all over  this country: If you are not rich, if you are just a regular hard- working family, then there is a very good chance you are going to take  a big hit if this bill passes.   I urge every one of my colleagues to do what is right for families  and oppose this plan. Tax reform should never be a partisan exercise,  and we should all agree that our goal should be to help middle-class  workers and their families. So let's pass a bill that actually does  that. Huge corporations do not need our help. They are going to be just  fine. Instead, let's finally start rewarding work in this country  again.   Mr. President, I yield the floor   