 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Maryland. I  thank him for his leadership on this issue and shining a light on this  very important issue tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to speak about the promise of America:  that  [[Page H10339]]  every person living in this country, a country that we say is the  greatest country in the world, where every person can have an  opportunity, where every person can have a right to life, liberty, the  pursuit of happiness, and the pursuit of justice.   The promise of America, though, relies on the police officer who  walks his beat, come rain or shine. Mr. Speaker, either we enforce our  laws, or, if we do not, they are just words on a piece of paper. The  promise of America is fulfilled every time a person receives a fair  trial. For you see, without a fair-minded search for the truth, we have  no society. Or, Mr. Speaker, put it another way, the truth will,  indeed, set us free.   The special counsel is a decorated veteran. You have heard my  colleague say it, a registered Republican appointed by a Republican  President, President Bush. I have personally met Mr. Mueller. After  serving 27 years in law enforcement, working very closely with the  Federal Bureau of Investigation, I know him to be a person of honor and  integrity.   Mr. Mueller has been praised for his integrity by every Republican  leader. You see, he is, Mr. Speaker, a man searching for the truth, and  the truth does matter. Without truth, life becomes death, liberty  becomes slavery, and the pursuit of happiness becomes impossible.   If a President can shut down an investigation into his activities and  deny our right to the truth, then the promise of the America that we  love to celebrate is broken. Over the past year, our institutions--law  enforcement, the judiciary--have come under daily assault, so  persistent, so relentless, that we, on occasion, have tuned it out or  brushed it aside. But these assaults, Mr. Speaker, undermine what is  essential to our country and our society.   If President Trump chooses to fire the special counsel or otherwise  interfere with the legal and appropriate investigation into himself and  his staff, it would be a deliberate act to dismantle the fundamental  institutions that preserve American democracy and liberty.   Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow that, and I hope that my Republican  colleagues will remember why they came to Congress in the first place.  You see, Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we are truth seekers, and  we know that the special counsel will go only where the evidence leads  him. That is the man President Bush appointed, and that is the same  person leading this investigation at this very time.   Mr. Speaker, we must let the special counsel finish his work. Failure  to do so leaves us with only one question: What is the administration  afraid of?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the congressman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the congressman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the congressman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the congressman.   