 Mr. President, I want to start by making it very clear  that this is not the way our budget process should work. In fact, to  even call this a budget process gives it more credit than it deserves.  With Republicans in control of the White House and both Chambers of  Congress, the budget process has now descended into chaos and  dysfunction. I talked about this in the Budget Committee, but I am  going to keep talking about it because it is important.   First of all, look at the date. We are debating a budget for fiscal  year 2018 months too late and more than 2 weeks into the fiscal year  for which we are supposed to be budgeting.   Secondly and far more importantly, we are not really here to talk  about a budget. We are not really here to have a debate about our  values and our priorities or where we should be directing  [[Page S6503]]  our limited national resources. We are not here to talk about what or  whom we should be investing in as a nation. We are certainly not really  here to try to come together around a shared vision for where our  country can head next year or 5 years from now or even 10 years from  now. Yet Democrats do want to have this conversation. We believe this  is a critical debate to have, and we would love to spend time on this  floor debating a budget that opens up that conversation and puts us on  a path toward working together to actually get that done.   We all know why we are really here. It is that Republican leaders  want to start another fast-track, partisan process to jam legislation  through Congress and do everything possible not to have to work with  Democrats. For what? It is to give more tax breaks to the rich, to  raise taxes on the middle class, to circumvent any debate about a major  environmental decision that would be unwise and potentially  catastrophic, and to blast a hole in our budget that will increase the  deficit, blow up the debt, and put Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,  education investments, healthcare, and so many more priorities at risk.   All of this is not just shameful and wrong--it is not going to work.  We all have seen what has happened in the last few months. The  Republicans have spent months trying to jam TrumpCare through Congress,  and they have refused to work with Democrats. So here we are now,  months later, with Democrats and Republicans finally working together  to improve healthcare after there being months of delay.   I say this to my Republican colleagues: Let's skip this first part.  Let's skip this partisanship and dysfunction and acrimony and  bitterness, and let's move, right now, to the bipartisan work and  negotiations that we all know our constituents actually want and  expect. I know it will not be easy, but I am confident that we can get  it done.   All we are asking is that President Trump keep the promises he made  on the campaign trail to put workers and the middle class first. It  should not be that difficult, and the choice could not be clearer.  Should we give President Trump and his Cabinet of millionaires and  billionaires more tax breaks, or should we cut taxes for the mom or dad  who is working two jobs or struggling to pay his mortgage or help his  kid go to college? Should we preserve and protect Medicare and  Medicaid, or should we allow those critical programs to be cut to give  tax breaks to the rich? That is really the crux of this debate.   Democrats believe that workers and the middle class should get tax  breaks, and from everything we are seeing about this Republican plan  and everything we are seeing in this budget today, Republicans do not  agree. I am hoping we can move away from this partisan process and  really get to work for the people we represent, and I am hoping we can  return to a budget process that will allow a true debate about our  values and our priorities as a nation.   We should be here talking about the path to another bipartisan budget  deal that will restore the investments in domestic and defense  priorities. We should be having conversations about ways to strengthen  Medicare and Medicaid, not to cut them. We should be talking a lot  about how we tackle our deficit and debt challenges fairly and  responsibly.   On that point, I note that I find it especially interesting that so  many Republicans have spent years pretending to care about the deficit  when it has come to making cuts to middle-class priorities, but the  minute that it has come to handing tax breaks to the rich, all of that  has gone out the window. One Republican even admitted to the New York  Times that deficit concerns are nothing more than a ``great talking  point'' when Democrats are in charge. With a budget that would add  trillions of dollars to the debt--a budget that is on the floor today-- we will see where people actually stand on that issue.   Finally, we should be talking about ways to help our workers. We  should be talking about ways to grow our economy from the middle out,  like making sure we have access to high-quality childcare and pre-K for  every working family, making college more affordable, and investing in  retirement security for our workers and our families. We should be  talking about how we are going to support our veterans, protect women's  health and rights, and make healthcare more affordable and accessible.  There is a lot we should be talking about in this budget. Those are the  conversations we should be having. Those are the people in whom we  should be investing.   I am going to be doing everything I can in this so-called budget  debate to keep the focus on the people for whom I came here to fight. I  am going to stand with Democrats and families across the country to  fight back against Republican attempts to jam a massive, partisan tax  break for the rich through Congress and force working families and the  middle class to pay the price.   I yield the floor.   