 Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of bipartisan  legislation that would increase transparency and congressional  oversight of U.S. basic education programs around the world.   H.R. 601, the Reinforcing Education Accountability in Development-- READ--Act, which I introduced with my colleague, Representative David  Reichert, would elevate the importance of education while improving  USAID's efforts and ensuring that taxpayer dollars are well spent.   The challenge is clear. Nearly 60 million primary school-age children  and 65 million adolescents are out of school around the world. Millions  more are expected to never enroll. Women and girls are  disproportionately out of school. The United States has a clear moral,  economic, and security interest in promoting universal basic education  as a fundamental human right.   The bill before us today enhances Congress' oversight of USAID's work  with foreign governments, NGOs, and multilateral organizations to help  nations develop and implement quality programs, address key barriers to  school attendance, and increase completion rates for the poorest and  most vulnerable children worldwide. It calls on USAID to develop a  comprehensive strategy and appoint a senior coordinator tasked with  ensuring that our programs expand access to millions of children who  are not in school and improve the quality of education for millions who  are.   These efforts will not only help students read and write, they will  ultimately help protect vulnerable children from poverty, disease,  hunger, and even extremism.   There is no greater force multiplier than education. An education is  the fundamental tool with which girls and boys are empowered to  increase their economic potential, improve their health outcomes,  provide for their families, address cultural biases, participate in  their communities, and contribute to democratic societies.   First introduced in 2004 and passed by the House last year, the bill  before us today represents many years of hard work to elevate the  importance of global education, bipartisan compromise, and the support  of over 30 nonprofit and advocacy organizations, including RESULTS, the  ONE Campaign, the Basic Education Coalition, the Global Campaign for  Education, Global Citizen, the Malala Fund, and many other vital  partners.   In closing, I thank Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, their  hardworking staff--Joan, Jessica, Janice, and Mark, and, of course,  Marin Stein, who has been working around the clock on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank them all. We have been working on  this bill a very long time. I, again, thank Chairman Royce for his  leadership and Ranking Member Engel. Their diligent efforts to bring  the READ Act before the House today is so vital, and I urge immediate  passage. In closing, thanks again to Marin Stein.   