 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the disaster  supplemental that the Trump administration is expected to send to  Congress as early as tomorrow. While Congress has passed two  supplemental aid bills since this year's hurricanes, I want to make it  very clear that what we have already passed is not even close to what  we will need to help Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands fully  recover and rebuild.   Hurricane Maria destroyed their power grids and has significantly  damaged their water infrastructure so as to make clean drinking water  dangerously scarce. Three of Puerto Rico's biggest industries-- manufacturing, finance, and tourism, which drive their already  struggling economy--remain severely damaged because the hurricane wiped  out so many factories, buildings, and hotels. Many Puerto Ricans who  had jobs the day before Maria struck no longer have anywhere to go to  work. In other words, in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, this  is not just a natural disaster; it is also an economic disaster that  these local governments cannot dig out of on their own. Our fellow  citizens desperately need our help.   Listen to what one New Yorker told me about how dangerous things are  right now, especially for the sick and elderly.   My constituent was trying to help someone in Puerto Rico who was  autistic and bedridden and under the care of his 93-year-old father. He  needed surgery. He was taken to at least three separate medical  facilities, and he spent countless hours in an ambulance with his  elderly father. He was transported from one location to the next, but  the medical facilities were finding it extremely difficult to  communicate with each other. After all of that, his doctor could not  find any facility on the island that would accept him into its care. He  was finally able to get his treatment, but how many more people are  still waiting for help?   Another of my constituents is struggling to help her father, who is  in a rural area of Puerto Rico. She has only been able to speak to him  briefly and exchange limited text messages. Her father suffers from  heart issues and glaucoma, and he may need a prescription refill very  soon if not right now. There are countless more stories just like these  throughout my State and, no doubt, in many of my colleagues' States as  well.   The $36 billion that is for all of Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and  the U.S. Virgin Islands is just not enough. After Hurricanes Katrina  and Rita, it cost the Federal Government $120 billion to rebuild the  Gulf Coast. That is the amount of funding that we need to be thinking  about for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands right now.   It will take at least $5 billion just to rebuild Puerto Rico's power  grid, and that will not even cover improvements to make the system more  resilient and more efficient than it was before the storm. Right now,  two-thirds of Puerto Rico still does not have power. That means no  refrigeration so that people can have food to eat or can keep medicine  from spoiling. It means no electricity for oxygen tanks in nursing  homes and no lights at night to keep people safe. It will take  additional funding to restore roads so that whatever supplies do make  it to Puerto Rico can actually be delivered, and people can get to  their loved ones in need.   The Small Business Administration will need billions of dollars to  help people rebuild their businesses, which are vital to their basic  economic recovery. The Army Corps of Engineers will need funding and  the authority to rebuild the dams and the ports that were damaged so  that commerce can actually go on, and FEMA will likely need $8 billion  more just to respond to all of the households that have requested  assistance to repair and rebuild their homes through its Individual  Assistance Program.  [[Page S6902]]    In other words, the recovery effort must be massive. There is no way  around it, because we can never turn our backs on fellow citizens,  whether they are in New York or Texas or Florida or the U.S. Virgin  Islands or Puerto Rico. What we need right now is a Marshall Plan. That  is the only way that Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are ever  going to really fully recover. A new Marshall Plan would help Puerto  Rico greatly reduce its crushing debt owned by hedge funds, and a new  Marshall plan would also completely modernize infrastructure in Puerto  Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, by rebuilding their energy grid,  hospitals, roads and bridges, reservoirs, schools, dams, and the  thousands of buildings and homes that were destroyed by these  hurricanes.    I urge all of my colleagues to join me in this effort. We must never  stop fighting for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to get the  funding they need to fully recover and fully rebuild.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore, the Senator from  Utah.   