 Mr. President, I come to the floor to once again urge my  fellow Senators to vote against the pending resolution and support  strong and accountable teacher preparation programs in America today.   There are so many great teacher prep programs across the country that  are supplying our teaching students with the tools they need to succeed  in the classroom, but there are also teacher prep programs that are  struggling and need support to make sure they are producing great  teachers for our schools.   This rule ensures that students can make informed decisions about  teacher preparation programs and that they have access to this  information before they take out massive amounts of student debt. It  gives States information about the schools that are struggling so  States can provide those schools the tools and resources they need to  improve their teaching preparation programs.   Finally, eliminating this rule will give Secretary DeVos more power  over our higher education programs--a risk we should not be willing to  take without learning more about Secretary DeVos's vision for our  higher education system.   Every student deserves to have an amazing teacher in the classroom.  This rule helps ensure that is possible. So I urge Senators to think of  the future teachers and students who will be impacted if this  resolution passes.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today on behalf of  students, parents, teachers, and communities around the country to urge  my colleagues to support our bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act and  to oppose this resolution today.   This resolution will roll back a rule issued by the Department of  Education that is critical to the effective and intended implementation  of the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA.   I am urging my fellow Senators to vote against this resolution for  the following reasons, and I will go through each one of them: First of  all, this legislation will throw our States and  [[Page S1671]]  school districts into chaos just as they are beginning to implement our  new law. Secondly, it will give Secretary DeVos a blank check to  promote her anti-public school agenda. Third, passing this resolution  would be a retreat from the bipartisan law President Obama called a  Christmas miracle, one that takes us down a strong partisan path  instead, which could undermine ESSA's civil rights protections and  guardrails.   But before I go into that, I want to remind my colleagues of what we  are working on here and what this resolution would unwind. As many of  my colleagues remember well, in 2015, the senior Senator from Tennessee  and I came together, with so many others in this body, to fix No Child  Left Behind. We both agreed--in fact, nearly everyone in the country  agreed--the law was badly broken. No Child Left Behind relied too much  on high stakes standardized testing. It gave schools unrealistic goals  but failed to give them the resources to meet those goals. And it  included a one-size-fits-all punishment if those goals weren't met.   We knew overhauling our public education law was not going to be  easy, but we took the time to listen to teachers, to parents, and to  students around the country, to make sure their voices were heard. And  I am proud that we were then able to break through the partisan  gridlock in Congress, find common ground, and pass the Every Student  Succeeds Act with strong bipartisan support.   After a major law like the Every Student Succeeds Act passes, Federal  agencies usually issue rules to implement and clarify that law. The  Every Student Succeeds Act maintains the Secretary's authority to issue  rules and clarifications that are consistent with the law. This rule  before us today is consistent with ESSA, and it provides important  clarity to States, school districts, and schools.    Using such a blunt instrument like this resolution to overturn the  entire rule will be a retreat from bipartisanship. Here is how: This  resolution would roll back a critical Department of Education rule that  gives States more flexibility in key areas while at the same time  maintaining strong Federal guardrails to ensure our most vulnerable  children don't fall through the cracks. This rule provides clarity on  accountability, on reporting requirements, and State plan requirements.  It helps ensure that no student, no matter where they live, can fall  through those cracks. In other words, this is a rule that gets at the  heart and soul of what we are trying to accomplish with our bipartisan  law.   The Department of Education did not simply come up with this rule on  its own. It incorporated over 20,000 comments from education  stakeholders, State chiefs, and district superintendents, many of  whom--including the State chiefs and superintendents--applauded the  Department of Education for listening to their concerns and  incorporating those comments into the final rule that was then released  last fall.   During the debate around the Every Student Succeeds Act, there was  some division about what accountability should mean in the law, but the  final law showed that we can balance flexibility with strong Federal  guardrails, until this point, when Republicans now want to tear down  the rule that ensures those guardrails go into effect.   Now I want to get into some of the challenges that would be created  if this resolution passes and this rule was eliminated. One important  thing this rule did was clarify State submission plan requirements and  set deadlines for the submission of those plans. Based on this, States  have been working now with the Department of Education for months on  their State plans. Approximately 18 States and the District of Columbia  intend to submit their plans in the beginning of April, but if this  rule goes away now, if the rug gets pulled out from under these States,  there could be chaos and confusion and the undermining of confidence in  this new law.   By the way, we are already seeing this start. In February, Secretary  DeVos sent a letter to our State chiefs suggesting a new template for  their State submission plans would be ``coming,'' even before the  Senate voted on this resolution, and that the new template would be  available less than a month before State plans are due. This could  force those impacted States to abandon their plans and start from  scratch, and it does not allow enough time for the stakeholder review  process that is required in the law.   So that is the first reason we should oppose this legislation because  there is simply no reason to insert more chaos into a system that is  finally settling into our new law. The second reason is, passing this  legislation would then give Secretary DeVos a blank check over  implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act to promote her anti- public school agenda.   As we saw in her confirmation hearing, Secretary DeVos, we know, has  dedicated her career to privatizing public education. She has a long  record of fighting to cut investments in public schools and shift  taxpayer dollars toward private school vouchers. In her hearing, she  showed a lack of even basic understanding of key concepts in public  education policy, and she has openly questioned the role of the Federal  Government in protecting our most vulnerable students.   After her hearing, millions of people across the country stood up,  made their voices heard, and called on the Senate to reject her  confirmation. Although she squeaked through with a historic tie- breaking vote from Vice President Pence, it was clear people across the  country rejected her anti-public school agenda. Instead, they want the  Department of Education to stand with students and with our schools.   One month into her tenure as Secretary of Education, Secretary DeVos  has not done a lot to reassure parents who had serious concerns. She  has made mistake after mistake, from grossly misrepresenting the  origins of the HBCUs to failing to protect transgender students in  schools, proving what the American people saw at her confirmation  hearing; that her lack of understanding of public education is hurting  our students. We cannot, in good conscience, provide Secretary DeVos  another potential tool to implement ESSA, our bipartisan bill, with her  anti-public education slant, and that is exactly what passing this  resolution would do.   If this resolution passes, make no mistake, I will do everything I  can to ensure that Secretary DeVos implements ESSA, as Congress  intended.   Let me be clear. Congress did not intend that DeVos or any future  Secretary of Education could use this law to encourage, prioritize, or  even require States to incentivize private school choice. We will work  to ensure that she does not take advantage of the chaos that will  follow, if this rule is overturned.   Providing Secretary DeVos a blank check would absolutely be the wrong  way to go in the early stages of this law's implementation. So that is  the second reason.   The third reason is, at its heart, the Every Student Succeeds Act is  a civil rights law, and the rule that this resolution would eliminate  reflects that reality. We know from experience that without strong  accountability, kids from low-income neighborhoods, students of color,  kids with disabilities, and students learning English too often fall  through the cracks. Now it is up to all of us to uphold the civil  rights legacy of this law and its promise for all of our students.   I was proud to work with my colleague, the senior Senator from  Tennessee, on this law. I know he is proud of what we accomplished, but  I am disheartened to see my Republican colleagues jamming this partisan  play through in the same fashion they did with Secretary DeVos's  nomination.   Voting for this resolution will ruin the bipartisan nature of our  Every Student Succeeds Act, and it will hurt our students, but by  voting against this resolution, we can make sure ESSA works for all of  our students, regardless of where they live, how they learn, or how  much money their parents make.   Finally, I want to make one more point. Even people who had concerns  with the final rule do not--do not--want to see it overturned. In fact,  the American Federation of Teachers, civil rights groups, and the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce--groups that aren't always actually on the same  side of education issues--are all speaking out against rolling back  this rule, and parents,  [[Page S1672]]  teachers, and community leaders are all on the same page.   In a letter to the Senate, Randi Weingarten, president of the  American Federation of Teachers union said: ``Repealing these  regulations now would not just be counterproductive and disruptive but  would demonstrate a disregard by Congress of school districts'  operation and timelines.''   In a letter to my colleagues, Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer,  the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and various education groups, including  the National Center for Learning Disabilities, wrote that rolling back  this rule ``will cause unnecessary confusion, disrupting the work in  states and wasting time that we cannot afford to waste.''   So if unions, business, and civil rights groups, disability advocate  organizations, and the States are not asking for this, we must ask the  questions, Why are my colleagues jamming this resolution through? What  perceived problem are we trying to solve?   Millions of students, parents, and teachers have made their voices  heard about the importance of public education. They want us to work  together to uphold and build on our bipartisan law, not for it to  become just the latest partisan exercise that only hurts our students.   A vote against this resolution is a vote for our students, it is a  vote for our schools, it is a vote not to give Secretary DeVos power  she can abuse, and it is a vote to keep working together to build on  this bipartisan law, not tear it apart.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Mary  Schuh, a fellow in my Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee,  be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   