 Mr. President, Democrats come to the floor this evening  as a voice for the people we represent, to fight back against  Republican plans to jam TrumpCare through this Senate, increase  healthcare costs, and hurt families across the country. Republican  leaders may hope that nobody pays attention. They can hope that they  can go into these secret rooms and cut secret deals and come out with a  TrumpCare bill that they can jam through before anybody notices.   We are not going to allow that to happen. We are here. We are going  to fight back. I can only hope that just a few Republicans will decide  to listen to their constituents, reverse course, and work with us to  improve healthcare instead of standing with President Trump to destroy  it.   I start by talking about a constituent of mine whose story I heard  and whose voice and perspective should be a part of this debate.   Her name is Lisa. She is from Spokane, which is in my home State of  Washington. Lisa served our country in the Navy for 6 years. She goes  to school. She works part time, and she says she relies on Medicaid to  afford the healthcare she needs. She is very worried that, if TrumpCare  passes, she will not only suffer from cuts to Medicaid, but she will  lose her coverage altogether because, like many Americans, she has a  preexisting condition--asthma.   Lisa is not alone. There are millions of people just like her in  Washington State and across this country, and each of them--every  patient, every family--has a stake in this fight. They deserve to be a  part of this debate, and they have a right to know how TrumpCare would  impact them if it is signed into law.   That should not be a partisan sentiment. I have heard Republicans  come to the floor time and again, demanding transparency, railing  against secrecy, calling for hearings. One Republican Senator who is  now the chairman of the Senate HELP Committee came here to the Senate  floor back in 2009 to blast Democrats for writing an amendment ``in  secret.'' He said: ``None of us on the Republican side knew what was in  it,'' and he accused Democrats of trying to pass our bill ``before the  American people find out what's in it.''   My friend, the chairman of the HELP Committee, is certainly not  alone. Back then, the current Republican majority leader said: ``This  massive piece of legislation that seeks to restructure one-sixth of our  economy is being written behind closed doors, without input from  anyone, in an effort to jam it past not only the Senate but the  American people.''   That was not true back then. We held dozens of bipartisan hearings  and meetings over months and months and months. But it is what  Republicans are doing right now.   The chairman of the Senate HELP Committee, whom I respect and would  never think would be a part of an effort like this, told me that he was  not planning to hold a single hearing on TrumpCare. The chairman of the  Senate Finance Committee, which is where a lot of work on this bill  should be getting done, told my friend the Senator from Missouri that  he was not going to hold a hearing either.   There are reports now that Republicans actually have the text of  their bill--something is written and almost ready. Democrats do not get  to see that bill. People across the country are being kept in the dark.  Republican leaders are treating it like President Trump's tax returns  and are not allowing it to see the light of day. It is absurd, and it  is unprecedented.   We could be just days away from a massive bill being jammed through  this Senate, and many Republican Senators are telling press and  constituents that they could not even say what was in the bill if they  wanted to because they have not seen it either. This bill is so secret  that even President Trump's top health adviser, the Secretary of Health  and Human Services, told us in a hearing last week that he has not seen  how TrumpCare is being changed in the back rooms of the Senate.   Let me ask this. Why are Republican leaders so focused on keeping  their TrumpCare work secret? Why are they keeping it locked down so  tight and not letting people see what is even in it? What are they so  ashamed of?   One Republican Senate aide was quoted as saying: ``We aren't  stupid.'' In other words, Republicans know it would be ``stupid'' to  put this bill in the public because they know that people across the  country--the people they are supposed to represent--would hate it.   That explains a lot.   Republican leaders--those who are writing this TrumpCare bill in  secret--know that they would not be able to go back home and defend it.  They know that the more people who learn about what is actually in it  and what the fine print might mean for them and their families the more  people back home are going to rise up and fight back. So they want to  keep it wrapped up tight, under lock and key--no hearings, no scrutiny,  no public input. When they first announced their secret working group,  not even any women were in it. Republican leaders are in their back  rooms, desperately trying to cut those final deals, doing whatever they  can to bully those last few Republicans into supporting something they  know their constituents will hate.   We are here tonight to say that enough is enough. This has to end.  Healthcare is too important, and TrumpCare would be too devastating to  allow this kind of secrecy to continue.   We do not know exactly what is in the TrumpCare bill that is being  written in secret, but--do you know what?--we have a pretty good idea.  No matter how much lipstick they put on this pig, based on everything  we have heard, this is going the same way that TrumpCare went in the  House, and the impact on patients and families would be just as bad.  There would be higher costs for families, especially seniors and people  with preexisting conditions. Insurance companies would no longer be  required to cover basic healthcare--things like maternity care or  mental health services, and much more. Women would lose access to see  their doctors and the care they need at Planned Parenthood, and  millions of people across the country would see their Medicaid coverage  taken away.   That means that, nationwide, people who are finally getting treatment  for substance use disorders, like opioid addiction, or mental  healthcare or access to a primary care doctor under Medicaid are going  to lose that access.   This would be so devastating for families across the country. Over  the past year, I have had so many families in my home State who have  lost a loved one to the opioid crisis. In Bellingham, in Spokane--in  community after community--the story is always the same. I have heard  directly from people on the path to recovery, like Tyler in Yakima and  Mechele in the Tri-Cities, who told me how getting treatment changed  their lives for the better.   I could not imagine that any Senator would want to go home, look in  his constituents' eyes, and tell them that he helped pass a bill that  would take away the tools that those communities need to fight this  crisis, but that is what my Republican colleagues are planning to do as  we speak.   Let's remember that all of this damage would be done--why?--to give a  massive tax break to special interests in the health industry and to  hand President Trump a hollow political win. It is truly shameful and  it needs to stop.   Last week, we learned that President Trump is now saying that the  House bill is ``mean.'' That is, certainly, an understatement from a  President who does not often do subtlety, and it is pretty surprising  to hear after we all saw him celebrate the House bill at the White  House when it passed.   Here is the truth: The House TrumpCare bill is not just mean; it is  [[Page S3588]]  devastating. The Senate TrumpCare bill is going to be just as bad, no  matter how they try to spin it or how many side deals they cut to claim  it has changed.   I have a message for Senate Republicans who are so ashamed of what is  in this bill that they are keeping it secret: It is not too late to  change course. It is not too late to bring this process out from the  shadows. It is not too late to be honest with people across the country  about what you are doing. It is not too late to listen to the voices of  people like Lisa. It is not too late to abandon this plan to jam  TrumpCare through Congress. If you do that, if you stop, Democrats  stand ready, as we always have, to work with you to actually make  healthcare more affordable and accessible for patients and families  across the country.   People across the country are watching. They are paying attention to  this. They are not going to allow Republicans to slip this through  without any scrutiny, and we Democrats are here to say, loud and clear,  that we are going to keep fighting to make sure they have a voice.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   