 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2056,  my bipartisan bill to improve the Small Business Administration's  Microloan program.   Small businesses are the backbone of our Nation's economy. In my home  State of Florida, there are 2.4 million small businesses, which is 99.8  percent of all employers in the State. These businesses employ 3.2  million workers.   In my central Florida district, we have a vibrant community of  entrepreneurs, and they tell me the number one challenge they face is  access to capital. As someone who counseled entrepreneurs and  businesses in the private sector before I came to Congress, I know how  difficult it can be to obtain the capital you need to start and grow a  small business. That is why this bill to improve SBA's Microloan  program is so important.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez for  helping to advance this bill through the Small Business Committee,  where the bill received unanimous support. I also thank the  Administrator of the SBA, Linda McMahon, and her senior staff for  working with my office to make modest changes to the bill after it was  introduced.   These changes should better position the bill to move through  Congress and then to be signed into law by the President.   The Microloan program is one of several lending programs administered  by the SBA. Its goal is to help small-dollar borrowers who want to  start or grow their business. Under this program, the SBA makes loans  to nonprofit organizations known as intermediaries. These  intermediaries, in turn, make short-term loans up to $50,000 to small  businesses and nonprofit childcare centers. Recipients of microloans  use these funds to finance their operations and to acquire supplies and  equipment.   The Microloan program seeks, in particular, to assist small business  owners with little or no credit history, women and minority  businessowners, and aspiring and existing entrepreneurs who may not  qualify for traditional bank loans or even for the larger loan  guarantee programs that the SBA administers.   In fiscal year 2016, intermediaries provided over $60 million in  loans to small firms around the country, creating or retaining nearly  18,000 jobs in the process. While the loans may not be large, they can  mean the difference between a small business starting up and succeeding  or struggling and shuttering.   Despite the relative success of the Microloan program, it must be  modernized. My bill would improve the program in two respects. First,  the bill would increase the total amount an intermediary can borrow  from the SBA from $5 million to $6 million. This will allow  intermediaries to make more small-dollar loans to more small businesses  and entrepreneurs.   Second, the bill would enable intermediaries to use a larger  percentage of the technical assistance grants they receive from the SBA  in order to help small business owners and entrepreneurs navigate the  microloan applications process.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support this bill, which will assist and empower more small  businesses.   