 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution  which would do away with the new procedures established under BLM  Planning 2.0.   Planning 2.0 encourages, at its foundation, early and frequent public  input. By rolling back this planning effort, public input--in  particular, tribal input--will be removed.   Federally recognized tribes have the right to engage in government- to-government consultation, and, under Planning 2.0, tribal rights to  participate in the planning process are clearly enumerated and  protected.   By introducing the resolution we are considering today, the majority  is making clear it doesn't value tribal input in the development of  BLM's resource management plans. In this updated planning process, the  BLM worked hard to ensure government-to-government consultation was  accomplished. Tribes were encouraged to submit comments through the  formal comment period and through government-to-government  consultation. But BLM recognizes the hard work of tribes and has been  inclusive of tribal concerns.   In fact, BLM has recognized the quality and value that tribes'  traditional ecological knowledge brings to planning efforts. It is  important to incorporate this information to avoid resource conflicts  and to protect hunting and fishing grounds.   In many areas, the BLM and tribes actually have to manage resources  together. How can they do this when tribes are not invited to be a part  of the consultation process? By including government-to-government  consultation early in the planning process, all taxpayers benefit in  the long run because we can develop a stronger plan that doesn't end up  in court being litigated.   We want BLM to be an agency that actively embraces the people who  live on and use the land they manage. By formalizing the tribal  consultation role and recognizing the value tribes bring to the  planning process as Planning 2.0 does, the BLM is taking important  steps to fully engage with all their constituents.   Land management is about looking at the bigger picture, and tribes  understand that more than anyone. They deserve to be recognized in the  planning process, and Planning 2.0 does that.   Repealing this rule through the CRA is shortsighted and wrongheaded.  BLM  [[Page H1035]]  Planning 2.0 allows for the very kind of oversight and public input my  Republican colleagues claim to want, and helps avoid the costly court  battles they complain about.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this measure and keep Planning  2.0 in place.   