 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I wish to make a statement about the  second vote we are going to have, and I urge my colleagues to vote  against the nomination of David Zatezalo as the Mine Safety and Health  Administrator.   MSHA is responsible for protecting the safety and health of miners in  this country and for holding companies that put their workers' lives at  risk accountable. So it really is disappointing to me that President  Trump nominated one of the industry's worst health and safety offenders  to lead this critically important agency.   This is, unfortunately, just another in a long list of decisions by  President Trump that jeopardizes workers' health, safety, and financial  security in order to prioritize corporations and special interests.   I really hope our colleagues will join me in rejecting President  Trump's extreme agenda and this nominee.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the  nomination of Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination of  Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army. Perhaps more than any other  service, our Army is experiencing the strain of 16 years of continuous  conflict. From our troops on the ground in Afghanistan and Iraq to  recent headlines about the tragic loss of four soldiers in Niger, there  are constant reminders that we remain a nation at war. And with rising  threats around the world, the operational tempo is not slowing down.   We owe our young men and women in uniform leadership that fits their  service. I am confident that Dr. Esper will provide our Army with that  leadership. His record of service in the Army, in the Pentagon, and on  Capitol Hill provides the foundation for the leadership our soldiers  deserve. I am also confident that he will call upon his experience in  the private sector to bring a reform mindset to the many challenges  facing our Army, such as the readiness crisis and the urgent gaps in  capabilities and modernization.   Dr. Esper began his career as an Infantry officer in the 101st  Airborne Division, serving with distinction in the first Gulf war. He  later served on active duty in Europe, and on the Army staff in  Washington, DC, before transitioning to the National Guard and retiring  after 21 years of service. He was an Airborne Ranger and recipient of  the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, and Meritorious Service Medals, among  other awards and qualifications.   Dr. Esper also worked national security issues on Capitol Hill with  many of my colleagues here. He was a professional staff member on the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Armed Services  Committee. Later, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense.   I will not hold it against him that he is a graduate of the U.S.  Military Academy at West Point. He also holds degrees from Harvard  University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and George Washington  University.   Our soldiers continue to prove their commitment, courage, skill, and  determination. In return, we owe them the same kind of leadership. I  believe Dr. Esper will provide that leadership.   I am proud to support Dr. Esper's nomination, and I ask my colleagues  to do the same.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is,  Will the Senate advise and consent to the Esper nomination?   