 Mr. President, I wish to thank Chairman Alexander for  his tremendous work on this. I am very grateful for his leadership in  supporting a bipartisan discussion under regular order in the HELP  Committee and his determination to see it to this point and beyond.   I remember very clearly back in July when it was clear that the so- called skinny repeal didn't have the votes to pass. We talked right  then and there about getting to work on ways to stabilize the  healthcare market and protect patients and families from premium spikes  as a result of the uncertainty this administration caused. We were able  to engage nearly half the Senate in our hearings and conversations on  the HELP Committee, and we found that there was a lot more that we  agreed on than we disagreed on when it came to strengthening healthcare  and controlling costs in the near term.   Since then, actions by this administration have made our work more  urgent. So I am very glad Democrats and Republicans agreed to work  together to address this, and I am extremely pleased that, with the  input of Members on both sides of the aisle, as well as Governors and  patients and advocates, we were able to reach an agreement that I hope  will set the healthcare discussion in Congress on a very different path  than the one we have all seen for the last 7 years.   This agreement provides certainty on the reduction of out-of-pocket  payments for the next 2 years. It will address attempts by this  administration to keep people from getting enrolled in the care they  need. It takes a number of very strong, bipartisan steps to offer  States more flexibility to innovate in the way the Affordable Care Act  intended, without undermining the essential health benefits, such as  maternity care and mental health coverage, or burdening people who have  preexisting conditions.   This is an agreement I am proud to support, not only because of the  important steps to strengthen our healthcare system but because of the  message it sends about the best way to get things done in this  Congress. The way to deliver results, as Chairman Alexander says, for  patients and families is to work under regular order, to find common  ground rather than retreating to partisan corners, and to hear from our  experts and our families and our Members on both sides of the aisle  rather than reciting talking points to each other. We know that is true  because  [[Page S6434]]  just a month ago, the idea of an agreement between Republicans and  Democrats on healthcare seemed impossible at best, if not improbable.  Thanks to the strong, bipartisan work of Chairman Alexander and many of  our Members, we have been able to bridge the divide.   I strongly believe that patients and families in every State across  our country will be stronger if we can get this agreement signed into  law. I urge my colleagues to not only support it but to continue  working together because there is no question we have work to do.   I thank Chairman Alexander and all the Republicans and Democrats who  have been so engaged in this effort, and I echo the comments of Senator  Alexander about what is in the bill. I won't repeat them. I agree with  his last comments that we both want to make sure the payments go to  consumers. We are working on that language, and I wish to assure our  colleagues that is our joint intent as we get this language finalized  and put into place.   I thank the Presiding Officer for this short amount of time during a  busy day on the floor. I again thank Chairman Alexander, and I remain  committed to him to get this done in the right way for the people of  this country.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   