 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I would like to talk about an issue in my  State of West Virginia--really my region--that is becoming very  important, I think, to this country's energy security and prosperity.   As we know, West Virginia has extensive natural gas liquid resources.  Nearly a century ago, when these resources were discovered, the rapid  growth that followed turned Central West Virginia into a national hub  for the petrochemical industry. You know what, we have never looked  back.   Today, chemistry remains our State's second largest industry and  directly impacts other major sectors like energy, biomedical  engineering, and manufacturing. West Virginia is home to 140 different  chemical companies that employ nearly 13,000 workers. West Virginia's  share of GDP from the chemical industry is the sixth largest in the  country, and these products are about one-quarter of our State's major  international exports. We still have one of the highest concentrations  of chemical, polymer, and resin manufacturers in the world.   The sector is sort of a microcosm of the challenges and opportunities  facing this important American industry during a time of fierce  international competition. Estimates show, more than 100,000 workers in  West Virginia already have the industrial skills to fill jobs in this  sector, and there are thousands more who could easily be retrained to  fill these jobs in this important industry. With our region's abundance  of natural gas from Marcellus  [[Page S7009]]  and Utica shale, West Virginia is perfectly positioned for a massive  increase of economic growth and new jobs.    Natural gas liquids provide the building blocks for many of the  products used by our consumers every single day--products ranging from  the dashboard in your car or the water bottle that many of us use.  Right now, we don't have the right infrastructure in place to store and  distribute the building blocks that make up these products. As a  result, these valuable resources are being used to generate heat and  electricity, instead of being made into consumer products. As Energy  Secretary Perry put it, that's like cooking your breakfast over a fire  of hundred dollar bills. This represents a huge opportunity to act on  this administration's ``America First'' energy policy. It is an  opportunity to grow an industry here at home with an American workforce  and America's natural resources.   To elevate these issues in Congress, I am proud to serve as the  cochair of the bipartisan Senate Chemistry Caucus. We host briefings  about the importance of this industry to America's economy and national  security. States that may not have robust petrochemical sectors,  nonetheless, rely on its products for manufacturing, agriculture, and  several other key industries.   For months--I would say more than months, years--I have been  advancing the development of an Appalachian natural gas liquids market  to improve our storage and distribution capabilities. New drilling  technologies have unlocked access to trillions upon trillions of cubic  feet of natural gas and their associated liquids in West Virginia,  Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Kentucky. Some of our most downtrodden economic  areas have this valuable asset right there.   Unpredicted just a decade ago, this asset can create a renaissance in  the region's petrochemical industry, but this can only happen if  policymakers and the private sector seize this once-in-a-generation  opportunity. To do that, we need to create a natural gas liquid storage  hub in Central Appalachia. The concept of this new hub is simple. Right  now, because we don't have a way to store these liquids, we are unable  to fully maximize this resource. That hurts producers, refiners, and  our manufacturers in the State of West Virginia, and Ohio, and beyond.   A storage hub and the necessary pipeline infrastructure would create  a robust Appalachian market for natural gas liquids. This would have  major national benefits, and here is why. Let's think about the  hurricane that just occurred and devastated our friends in Texas. The  gulf--and particularly Houston and the storage hub at Mont Belvieu,  TX--dominate the domestic market there. Hurricane Harvey knocked out as  much as 60 percent of that supply. It knocked it offline, and it took a  month to get the hub back up and running. By establishing an  Appalachian storage hub away from Hurricane Alley, we would add  redundancy that protects our economy and our national security. Having  all this storage capacity in only one region of the country only drives  up production costs for American manufacturers. I would also add that  this resource is in Appalachia. Appalachia should have this storage hub  to be able to capitalize and create the jobs right in our own  neighborhood.   As Appalachia has become a robust producer of natural gas liquids,  pipelines that used to flow from the gulf to the Northeast have been  reversed. They are now sent to the gulf for storage and refining. It is  sent back as ethylene to the interior of the country--often Appalachia  itself--and to the Midwest for manufacturing. This back-and-forth  obviously drives up prices for the goods you buy every day, from  furniture to toys, to cars.   To be clear, development of an Appalachian hub would not come at the  expense of the gulf's market. It is a comparative advantage. The  Appalachian hub can more efficiently serve many of the domestic  manufacturers, while the gulf can expand its export capacity. Besides  making the national market more efficient and resilient, an Appalachian  market will drive significant development in a region that desperately  needs a boost.   A recent study found that the Appalachian States of West Virginia,  Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky would see as much as $35.8 million in  new capital investment, creating more than 100,000 jobs by 2025 with  this new hub.   When Secretary Perry accepted my invitation and visited West Virginia  in July, the development of an Appalachian natural gas liquid storage  hub and market was a great topic of emphasis. The Secretary met with  several business leaders as part of a roundtable discussion to discuss  paths forward in developing a regional ethane market. Needless to say,  the Secretary saw the obvious benefits of such a project and that the  hub could play a key role in the administration's related goals of  rejuvenating the Appalachian economy and achieving an ``America First''  energy policy.   The Secretary and I have discussed how best to bring this public- private partnership to life since his visit to West Virginia. I think  all of my colleagues--particularly those representing Appalachia-- should be as excited about this concept as the Secretary and I are.  Several private entities are undertaking that initial development work  right now, with interest coming from both domestic and foreign  investors.   I have been engaging frequently with Secretary Perry and with  Commerce Secretary Ross about making this storage hub a reality. The  Trump administration understands the importance of this project to the  economies of West Virginia and the region. I appreciate their efforts  to help move our State forward beyond the economic disasters we have  had over the last several years. I will continue my advocacy for this  enormous economic development opportunity and encourage my colleagues-- not just from the States I mentioned but all around the country--to  join as partners in this effort.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   