 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership and  support.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 311, the resolution I  was honored to introduce with my colleague Representative Castro, to  commemorate the Association of South East Asian Nations' 50th  anniversary, and the 40th anniversary of U.S.-ASEAN relations.   We intend for this resolution to raise awareness within and outside  of Congress about Southeast Asia's critical role in the global order.  Southeast Asia has tremendous cultural, political, historical, and  religious diversity.   The Association of South East Asian Nations, known as ASEAN, was  formed in 1967, in part, to create a bulwark against communism in the  region among the five founding nations.   Today, ASEAN's goals have evolved, and the region is experiencing  tremendous growth. ASEAN now includes 10 major countries in Southeast  Asia, which together have established a major regional economic  integration agenda.   ASEAN is our fourth largest goods exports market. $102 billion of  U.S. goods and services are exported to ASEAN, meaning this market  rivals our $113 billion market in China.   According to the ASEAN Matters for America report, 20 U.S. States  send over $1 billion in goods exports to ASEAN annually, and over half  of the U.S. congressional districts export over $100 million to ASEAN  each year. These numbers are astounding, and they will only grow, Mr.  Speaker.   In January, I cofounded the bipartisan Congressional Caucus on ASEAN,  along with my partner Representative Castro. The caucus acknowledges  America's strategic partnership with ASEAN and attests that America  must be the foremost trade and defense partner for ASEAN countries.   H. Res. 311 was one of the caucus' first initiatives. The resolution  encourages the enhancement of economic and defense cooperation with  ASEAN. It reaffirms the U.S. commitment to continue joint efforts with  ASEAN to halt human smuggling and human trafficking and urges ASEAN to  improve assistance to refugees and migrants.   Standing alongside our ASEAN peers is important this fall, given the  rise of Chinese aggression in the South China Sea; the ethnic cleansing  of Rohingya Muslims in Burma; the need to seriously engage ASEAN  leaders on our North Korean efforts; the typhoon and flooding affecting  the region; the enormous investment opportunities; and  [[Page H7446]]  the upcoming ASEAN summit that the President will attend in November.   I am grateful that the Speaker and the chairman, Chairman Royce,  support our efforts to engage ASEAN, and I look forward to watching H.  Res. 311 pass the U.S. House of Representatives.   