 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes, and I rise in  support of providing critical emergency relief to respond to the  catastrophic damages wreaked by Hurricane Harvey and the expectation of  damages from Hurricane Irma.   And I also want to acknowledge the cooperation and the good will  extended to us by Chairman Frelinghuysen. It is a pleasure for me to  work with him as well.   My thoughts and prayers remain with all those whose families, lives,  homes, and businesses have been upended by these disasters. This  Congress and the American people are with you in your time of need.   I am pleased this package provides a temporary suspension of the  Federal debt limit to prevent a catastrophic debt default and a  continuing resolution extending Federal funding through December 8. As  in 2013 and 2015, when faced with government funding deadlines and  impending sequestration, we must use the time until the CR expires to  develop a new budget agreement with realistic caps on defense and  nondefense discretionary spending.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the supplemental  appropriations for disaster relief, and I  [[Page H7195]]  thank the appropriators and all of my colleagues. I reflect on the  bipartisan meeting of our Texas delegation. We said we would not be  divided and we would not be divided amongst our friends from Florida  and those who may be in need with Hurricane Irma.   I do want to acknowledge that when we got up that Sunday morning and  12 inches had fallen at that time, part of the 50 inches of the most  catastrophic storm on the Continental United States, Hurricane Harvey,  we saw the lives of people disappear--some who died, some who were in  shelters as these pictures depict. The road to recovery is going to be  long.   I introduced a $174 billion hurricane appropriations bill to be able  to address Hurricane Harvey. I am grateful for the $15.3 billion that  gives us money for housing. That is the greatest need, along with the  infrastructure, and if we can begin to expedite those dollars into our  cities and counties, our mayors and county leaders will be grateful.   There are people who are homeless now, there are people whose homes  are in despair, there are people who do not have insurance. The reason  is because these individuals were flooded in a 500-year flood area and  1,000-year flood area. It is important to note at the same time, Mr.  Speaker, that these individuals are elderly and disabled.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 601, which provides  $15.3 billion in supplemental appropriations as the Congress's initial  response to the massive damage inflicted on Southeast Texas and  Louisiana by Hurricane Harvey and authorizes appropriations to continue  funding for federal government operations through December 8, 2017.   The legislation also suspends the current $19.8 trillion limit on  federal borrowing through December 8, 2017, which will enable the  Treasury to continue to borrow money to pay bills, and set the new debt  limit as the amount reflecting all outstanding U.S. debt as of December  9, 2017.   I also strongly support the legislation before us because it extends  through December 8, 2017, FEMA's National Flood Insurance Program  (NFIP), which offers insurance policies to property owners in areas  with significant flood risks.   The bill authorizes FEMA to borrow as much as $30.4 billion from the  Treasury general fund if it does not collect sufficient revenue from  premiums and surcharges to cover claims payments.   Without this extension, FEMA would not be able to issue new flood  insurance policies after September 30, 2017, and its borrowing  authority will be reduced to $1.5 billion.   That would be particularly devastating to many of the constituents I  represent who have or will be seeking flood insurance policies under  the FEMA Flood Insurance Program.   Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend the bipartisan leadership of both  chambers for the speed with which the Hurricane Harvey relief package  and the FY2018 Continuing Resolution was negotiated, drafted, and  shepherded to the floor.   This bodes well for the major challenges that must be met and  overcome if the victims of Hurricane Harvey are to recover from the  storm's awful wrath and rebuild their decimated communities.   I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Lowey, and Speaker  Ryan and Democratic Leader Pelosi, and their Senate counterparts  because this initial Hurricane Harvey aid package sends a strong signal  to the people of Texas and Louisiana that the American people stand in  solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish.   On Wednesday, September 6, 2017, the House approved $7.85 billion for  relief efforts in Texas and Louisiana, consisting of $7.4 billion for  the FEMA Disaster Recovery Fund (DRF) and $450 million for the SBA  Disaster Loan program.   To this amount the Senate added $7.4 billion in funds to be  distributed to states and communities through HUD's Community  Development Block Grant (CDBG) program.   These CDBG funds can be used for disaster relief, long-term recovery,  infrastructure restoration, housing, and economic revitalization.   FEMA's DRF funding is mostly allocated for three programs:   1. Public Assistance Program, which helps communities cover the costs  of repairing and replacing public buildings, infrastructure, and  utilities, as well as emergency costs for debris removal and other  needs;   2. Individual Assistance Program, which provides funding for  temporary housing, property repairs, medical treatment, moving costs,  and other needs; and   3. Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, which offers funding to reduce  damages from future disasters.   Typically, FEMA covers 75 percent of the costs for DRF-funded  projects so I am very pleased that the President agreed that in the  unprecedented circumstances of this case, a higher reimbursement level  was warranted and acceded to my request that FEMA be authorized and  directed to reimburse Harris County and other affected local  governments 90% for debris removal, including direct Federal  assistance; and 100% percent for emergency protective measures for 30  days from the start of the incident period and at 90% thereafter.   Mr. Speaker, it is not an exaggeration to regard as unprecedented the  damage wrought on Southeast Texas by Hurricane Harvey beginning 14 days  ago, on August 25, 2017, when it made landfall for the first time in  the state of Texas, just north of the city of Corpus Christi.   Before it was finished, Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons  of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston  Metroplex.   To put in perspective the devastation wrought by Hurricane Harvey,  the volume of water that fell on Houston and other affected areas of  Texas and Louisiana could fill more than 24,000 Astrodomes or supply  the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days.   Whole sections of Houston, Beaumont, Bayou City, Port Arthur, and  other cities were underwater for days.   Hurricane Harvey was a 1,000 year storm that has to date claimed the  lives of at least 30 persons, including a 34-year veteran of the  Houston Police Department and a family of six who perished in Greens  Bayou while trying to evacuate their flooded home and community.   It also claimed the life of a Dreamer, Alonso Guillen, a young  Houstonian who came to Texas from Mexico as a teenager, and who died  when his boat capsized while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding  caused by Hurricane Harvey.   Neither Houston nor any city in the nation has ever experienced  flooding of the magnitude caused by Hurricane Harvey.   The statistics are staggering.   21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the  first five days of the storm.   The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as  the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25.   A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major  hurricane (Category 3 or above) made landfall in the United States  prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Category 3 hurricane to hit the  United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurricane  Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans.   The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking  the record for rainfall from a single storm in the continental United  States; my city of Houston received more than 50 inches of rainfall.   More than 13,000 people have been rescued in the Houston area and  more than 30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes  due to the storm.   More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond  to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8  million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators.   In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes that had  suffered flood damage and more than 1,000 homes were completely  destroyed in the storm.   And today, two weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without  permanent and stable housing situations.   That is why the additional $7.4 billion in CDBG funding provided in  the legislation is desperately needed.   Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders in my state worked to  exhaustion, with an invaluable assist from citizen volunteers, to  rescue their neighbors and save lives.   That is who Texans are and this is what we do.   We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane  Harvey.   But what we do know is that the costs of recovery and reconstruction  will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place  the cost in the range of $150-$200 billion.   Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of  Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm  that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey.   That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us  appropriating $15.3 billion as the initial response of the Congress to  the damage caused by an epic storm.   I must emphasize that what we are considering here is the initial  response because much more funding will be needed for Houston--the  nation's fourth largest city--and Southeast Texas to recover and  rebuild.   And it is also why I have introduced, joined by more than 40 House  colleagues, H.R. 3686, the Hurricane Sandy Supplemental Appropriations  Act, which, when passed by Congress and signed into law, would provide  $174 billion in aid to assist the areas affected by  [[Page H7196]]  Hurricane Harvey recover, rebuild, and restore their communities to  their previous greatness.   I urge all Members to join me in support of H.R. 601 and to commit to  providing our fellow Americans in Texas and Louisiana all of the help  and support they need to restore their communities to their previous  greatness.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Neal).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   