 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to offer my warmest  wishes to my legislative director, Stephen Higgins, as he begins the  next chapter of his truly remarkable professional career. It is a  career that is characterized by unshakable dedication to the common  good and supreme attention to detail. These qualities make Stephen  Higgins a true professional. His service is a labor of love for our  country and this institution in particular.   Stephen has worked in the Senate longer than all but nine of its  current Members, serving this Chamber for 23 years. Stephen still  remembers his first day on payroll: March 21, 1994. He began with  Senator William Cohen of Maine as a counsel on the Juvenile Justice  Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. There he began what would  become a decades-long mission: to advance crime victims' rights.   A year later, Stephen joined the office of Senator Jon Kyl of  Arizona, where he would distinguish himself as a committed, talented  lawyer over the next 18 years, serving as chief counsel in Senator  Kyl's personal office and for 14 years as chief counsel on his  Judiciary Committee staff. During that time, Stephen played the lead  role, supporting efforts to pass a bipartisan crime victims' rights  constitutional amendment. The end result: After 8 years of hard work, a  landmark statute was passed by a vote of 96 to 1. This is one of  Stephen's proudest accomplishments. ``We did something significant to  help crime victims,'' he said. ``We enshrined into law the rights of  crime victims to be informed, present, and heard.''   To put it simply, Stephen Higgins helped humanize America's criminal  justice system. This work reflects his sincere beliefs about that  system. ``The criminal justice system is about seeking the truth,'' he  said. ``The truth matters.''   For Stephen Higgins, the truth has always mattered. He is a man of  high character and great personal integrity. These attributes made him  exceptionally well-suited for work in another critical realm of the  Senate: judicial nominations. ``Judges hold people's lives in their  hands,'' Stephen said. ``Their decisions have life-altering  consequences.''   Most recently, Stephen played a key role in the nomination of Omaha  attorney Bob Rossiter to serve as U.S. district court judge for the  District of Nebraska, and last year, the Senate confirmed Judge  Rossiter unanimously. This was a beautiful capstone to Stephen's Senate  career.   He leaves the Senate now for a new position: managing director of the  [[Page S102]]  Human Ecology Institute at the Catholic University of America. This is  an interdisciplinary research institute that will apply the rich  intellectual tradition of the Catholic Church to contemporary problems  in our society. As Stephen said, ``I love the Senate. The only  institution I love more is the Catholic Church.'' Sounds like a match  made in Heaven. As he takes his new post, I know Stephen will work like  it all depends upon him and pray like it all depends upon God.   I thank Stephen's wife of 18 years, Lauren, and their two children,  James and Elizabeth, for loaning him to us here in the Senate, because  it is a sacrifice. I know they are proud of you, Stephen, as are your  parents, Joe and Shelley, and your brother, David.   So, Stephen, thank you so much for all you have done for my office,  for the Senate, and for the people of this country. Good luck. God  bless.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   