 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LaHood for putting this  together as we celebrate the 200th birthday of our great State of  Illinois.   The congressional district I serve stretches from Rockford to the  north; the western border is the Mississippi River; and then we go into  central Illinois, as Congressman LaHood said, to the city of Peoria. I  am very proud to be able to share that city with Congressman LaHood.   My congressional district also represents the Quad Cities, which is  where I call home. So in between all of these towns is 7,000 square  miles of scenic farmland and vibrant towns like Monmouth and Canton and  Thomson. We are a proud region with a proud history of manufacturing,  agriculture, and service to our Nation.  [[Page H10172]]    Let me tell you a little bit about the congressional district I  serve. We are the home to John Deere in Moline, the birthplace of  Caterpillar in Peoria, and home of the iconic Sock Monkey, which was  created in Rockford, Illinois. I kid you not.   In Rockford, we hosted the Nation's very first National Football  League game at Douglas Park, where the Rock Island Independents  defeated the St. Paul Ideals 48-0, a real romping.   More than 40 years before the world also fell in love with them  through a movie called ``A League of Their Own,'' the Rockford Peaches  were the four-time champions of the All-American Girls Professional  Baseball League--also, I kid you not. This is amazing history.   I want to mention a few athletes as well. Jim Thome, Congressman  LaHood knows him. He was the five-time all-star who played for eight  different major league teams. He also came from the city of Peoria, and  my brother was very close with him. My brother, my late brother, was a  baseball coach at Eastern Illinois University and Southern Illinois  University, and he was good friends with Jim Thome.   We have also had several other brilliant performers come out of our  region. Comedian Richard Pryor was born and grew up in Peoria. The town  of Aledo in Mercer County is the hometown of two country megastars:  Suzy Bogguss and Margo Price. And we even have a member of Destiny's  Child, Michelle Williams, who came from Rockford. So we are a proud  people.   We also are very proud of our agricultural heritage. Our region is  one of the top corn producers in the country. We have corn and soybean  farms all across Illinois that have been worked by generations of farm  families. And they even go through the rolling hills of the Driftless  Area in the Galena Territory. What the Driftless Area means is that  this is a gorgeous stretch of land where the last ice age actually  didn't flatten, and so we have wonderful farmland in that region as  well.   A little bit to the east of the Galena Territory, we have a town  called Freeport, which is also known as Pretzel City, USA, and it is  home to the Union Dairy, which recently celebrated its centennial  birthday.   Our region has played a pivotal role not just in our State's history,  but also in our Nation's history. Senator Everett Dirksen, a Senate  office building right down the road here is named after Senator  Dirksen. He came from Pekin, Illinois, which is in my congressional  district. If you don't know the history of Everett Dirksen, he was  actually one of the authors of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1968.   Let's go to where I live, Rock Island County. It was the location of  the very first railroad bridge over the Mississippi River, built in  1856. And since we are all getting into this Abraham Lincoln part of  our State's history, Abraham Lincoln was the attorney for the bridge  company that I just mentioned. Then, 2 years after that bridge was  built, our region was the host--I know Congressman Bost said that his  district was the only district that had two Lincoln-Douglas debates.  Well, there is actually another congressional district that had two  debates. One was in Freeport in 1858, in August of that year, and then  another was in Galesburg in October of 1858.   So, in fact, President Lincoln's congressional district--I know  Congressman Davis is going to lay real claim to Congressman Lincoln,  but he also--let's see. Congressman Davis had part of his district;  Congressman LaHood had part of his district; and he also represented  Tazewell County, which is part of my congressional district.   Another legend of the Civil War, Ulysses S. Grant, made his home in  Galena, Illinois, and his Presidential campaign headquarters was in a  place called the DeSoto House, which is a hotel today in downtown  Galena. It is a place where my husband and I like to stay when we visit  Galena.   During the Civil War, Rock Island was used as a Union prison camp  before it was converted into the Rock Island Arsenal, where, today, it  is the Army's only active foundry. The hardworking men and women of the  Rock Island Arsenal have produced munitions for every single one of our  conflicts and our wars dating back to the Civil War.   Mr. Speaker, the people of the northwestern and central and western  part of Illinois have always had a special connection to the veterans  who have served in our country. There is one particular street, the  last point I want to make talking about my congressional district that  I am lucky enough to serve, and its place in history over the last 200  years, but we are very, very proud of the street that we call Hero  Street in Silvis, Illinois. It is a 1\1/2\-block street, and there is  no street of that similar size that has had more men and women serve in  the military than Hero Street USA in Silvis, Illinois.   More than 100 people have come from that street of a block and a half  long to serve in the military, and 8 of them, all Mexican Americans,  made the ultimate sacrifice during World War II and the Korean war.  Hero Street has long been a source of pride for the congressional  district that I am lucky enough to serve, and I am proud to mention  them as part of this Special Order tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I know all of us from this great State of Illinois who  are speaking tonight are only scratching the surface about how  important our region of the State is to our State's history. I am very  proud to be part of this.    I thank Congressman LaHood for putting this together so we can talk  about the bicentennial of the State of Illinois.   