 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  his work that has just been so consistent on how we meet the needs of  our health centers, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and also  on the repeal for IPAB.   When we talk about IPAB, it is so important that we mention our  colleague and my fellow Tennesseean, Dr. Phil Roe, who is a Member of  this Chamber. I applaud him for his consistent work on keeping that in  front of us.   I think it is fair to say, as Chairman Burgess has said, that we have  worked diligently on the CHIP issue. I know that the gentleman from New  Jersey is not pleased with how that is going to be paid and how we  address the payments.   But I have to say, our goal, Madam Speaker, is to make certain that  the States have the funding that is necessary for them to meet the  needs of children who are needing these health services. This is  something that we have been diligent in our work to meet those needs  and to work with our States and to see how best to do this so that  needs are being met right there where those children have them and that  the States have the resources they need.   When it comes to the Independent Payment Advisory Board, we ought not  have to be discussing this today because this is something that should  never have been passed in the first place. It is something that was  completely unnecessary. We are looking at going in and changing this,  and for good reason.   There is a bipartisan agreement that you have to get down the costs  that are  [[Page H8408]]  in Medicare, and I know that is not going to be an easy task.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Madam Speaker, I think one of the things that we  know, when you are looking at IPAB, you don't want to give those  decisions of how you are going to adjust healthcare for Medicare  enrollees to 15 unelected, appointed bureaucrats that really have no  responsibility to anyone in this process.   This is our responsibility. It is appropriate that Congress recoup  that responsibility, that we make these decisions. I support the  legislation that is in front of us.   