 Madam President, I rise today to voice my concerns  about the nomination of Scott Pruitt for Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency.   More than 74,000 Californians have contacted my office expressing  serious concerns about Mr. Pruitt's nomination.   Californians want an EPA Administrator with a demonstrated commitment  to protecting public health and the environment. Unfortunately, Mr.  Pruitt's record shows the opposite: a clear hostility to public health  and environmental protections at both the Federal and State level.   Californians rightfully fear that Mr. Pruitt's only plan for the EPA  is to dismantle the Agency from within and give polluters free rein.   The EPA is the lead enforcement agency for bedrock environmental laws  like the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Safe Drinking  Water Act. The EPA works with States, local communities and tribes to  provide funding and expertise for fulfilling these environmental laws  that keep our communities healthy and safe.   Based on his record as Attorney General of Oklahoma and his past  statements, including in his confirmation hearing, Scott Pruitt is not  the right man for this very important job.   As the Oklahoma Attorney General, Mr. Pruitt eliminated the State's  environmental protection unit, which enforces State environmental laws,  including suing polluters for criminal negligence.   Meanwhile, he's led or participated in over 14 partisan lawsuits  against the EPA, challenging the Agency's ability to implement Federal  environmental protections, lawsuits that challenged protections against  mercury pollution, ``polluter pays'' clean-up requirements, the Clean  Air Act, and the Clean Water Act.   And his rhetoric matches his record. Mr. Pruitt has repeatedly  questioned the validity of widely accepted science that undergirds EPA  action. He routinely treats the scientific consensus on climate change  as merely a debate. In an interview with Exploring Energy, Pruitt  stated: ``There are scientists that agree, there are scientists that  don't agree, to the extent of man's contribution and whether it is even  harmful at this point.''  [[Page S1370]]    He dismissed the dangers of mercury pollution, arguing in one of his  lawsuits: ``The record does not support EPA's finding that mercury . .  . poses public health hazards. . .''   At his confirmation hearing, when asked whether there is any level of  lead exposure that is safe for children, he could only reply ``that is  something that I have not reviewed nor know about.''   Even on his public profile, he described himself as ``a leading  advocate against the EPA's activist agenda.''   We are supposed to trust someone to enforce our environmental laws  who considers himself the primary foe of the EPA? That record is  troubling enough, but Mr. Pruitt also faces many conflict of interest  issues that he has refused to commit to recusing himself from as EPA  Administrator, including: conflicts that would exist over ongoing  lawsuits that he brought against the EPA as Oklahoma's Attorney General  or matters or cases under the EPA's authority that involve  organizations from which Pruitt has solicited campaign funding.   During his hearing, Mr. Pruitt deflected questions over potential  conflicts of interest by stating the ``EPA ethics counsel will evaluate  that if a matter or case comes up in the future.'' This is an  inadequate protection against conflicts of interest.   The Environmental Protection Agency is very important to the health  and well-being of the people of California.   For example, California received over $100 million in loans from the  EPA last year to maintain and improve our water infrastructure,  including wastewater treatment systems, drinking water systems, and  water recycling facilities. Those funds were vital as our State  grappled with an historic drought.   The EPA has also been a vital partner with California in developing  stronger motor vehicle efficiency standards. One of my proudest  accomplishments was enacting landmark fuel economy legislation, the  Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act, which raised fuel economy standards to the  maximum achievable rate. This law marked the largest increase in fuel  efficiency in more than two decades and led to an administrative  program expected to raise average fuel economy to 54.5 miles per gallon  by 2025.   This program is the greatest tool we have to reduce greenhouse gas  emissions from the transportation sector, and it is working. An  important technical review concluded this July that automakers are  already exceeding Federal benchmarks for improved fuel economy by 1.4  miles per gallon.   A large part of its success is the cooperation between the Federal  Government and California to establish a single, coordinated, national  program that is strong enough to satisfy all parties and stable enough  to guide investment decisions by the auto makers.   During his confirmation hearing, my colleague Senator Harris asked  Mr. Pruitt directly if he would commit to upholding California's right  to issue its own regulations, which is the way we participate in  creating the national program. He declined, committing only to review  the issue, which is not acceptable.   We in California know that climate change is real and is happening  now. It is contributing to more volatile weather, including longer,  stronger droughts and harsher bursts of rain.   We have a limited amount of time left to reduce the greenhouse gas  emissions of our transportation and energy systems. If we allow the  world to warm by more than 2 degrees C, we will be locking in a future  of unacceptable disasters for our children and grandchildren.   Now, more than ever, we need strong leadership as other major  countries like China and India have begun to engage on the issue, and  we cannot allow the EPA to reverse course and go backward after the  progress we have made.   In his words and actions, Scott Pruitt has demonstrated more interest  in fighting against the mission of the EPA than in fighting for it.   Mr. Pruitt has done little to nothing to protect the people of  Oklahoma from the dangers and health problems caused by pollution,  preferring to sue on behalf of corporate interests. There is nothing to  suggest he would do anything different for the American people as EPA  Administrator.   For this reason and many more, I will vote against Scott Pruitt's  confirmation to head the EPA.   