 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Walker), my colleague and friend, the chair of the RSC, for  hosting this Special Order tonight to highlight  [[Page H4905]]  some of the recent victories that this Republican-controlled Congress  has secured to ensure that every American enjoys freedom and  opportunity for which our Nation was founded.   I rise today to thank my colleagues in the House and the Senate for  passing my resolution of disapproval, H.J. Res. 43, which used the  authority of the Congressional Review Act to overturn the Obama  administration's eleventh hour rule forcing States like mine,  Tennessee, to fund abortion providers.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise to thank Vice President Mike Pence, who cast  that tie-breaking vote in the Senate. Tennesseans appreciate his  courageous leadership.   Now, abortion is not healthcare, and vulnerable women seeking true  comprehensive care deserve better than abortion-centric facilities like  Planned Parenthood.    For over 45 years, States like Tennessee had the authority to direct  their family planning funds to the healthcare providers that best  suited their needs. Yes, they had that decision to decide what is best  for their unique communities. Sadly, in a parting gift to the abortion  industry, President Obama stole this freedom and flexibility and forced  his own political agenda on States across the country like my very own  State of Tennessee.   While I am unapologetically pro-life, this bill is simply about  states' rights.   Mr. Speaker, when President Trump signed this bill, he put the  American people, not the bureaucrats here in Washington, back in the  driver's seat of empowering States like Tennessee to steer their title  X dollars away from abortion-centric facilities like Planned Parenthood  and to give the right back to the State to make that decision about  which facilities provide the most comprehensive care for women in their  State.   It was an honor to work with Senator Ernst and the pro-life community  to help this life-affirming legislation reach the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I want to once again thank President Trump for his  leadership on this matter.   