 Madam Chair, I appreciate Chairman Smith's support and  the work he has done on this bill.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of the Increasing Opportunity  and Success for Children and Parents Through Evidence-Based Home  Visiting Act. In my home State of Indiana, three of the nine counties  eligible for MIECHV funds are in my district.   In April, I had the pleasure of visiting with Healthy Families St.  Joseph County to hear firsthand the good work they are doing in  Indiana's Second District. I heard from a single mom who had no job, no  place to live, and very little money when she gave birth to her son;  but with the help of Healthy Families, she turned long odds into  success. The mother gained confidence to raise her son, and her son  gained a shot at a thriving life that he may not have had without this  program.   Home visitors helped over 2,600 Hoosier families in situations like  this in Indiana last year.   MIECHV is a program that gets results. It works. We know this because  of the statistics, but we hear it in the stories that they share with  us. Parents get the tools and the confidence they need to raise their  children. This improves outcomes for their children in the really early  critical years and sets them on a better path as they grow up. The  program helps to root out deeper issues like drug abuse and domestic  violence that destroy families and hinder a child's development.   If there is one thing I have learned as I have heard from people in  my district who successfully broke the cycle of poverty, it is this: It  is one thing to provide money, but if that money comes on a one-size- fits-all basis, people cannot break the cycle. Checking a box doesn't  break the cycle. Human interaction, looking at each person as an  individual and not just a number, resolving underlying issues unique to  each person's situation, and having a person coming alongside, saying,  ``I am with you; let's do this together'' breaks the cycle. MIECHV is a  great example of a program that does this.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   