 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose the title X  Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval.   This resolution would permit discrimination against family planning  healthcare providers that provide primary preventive and reproductive  healthcare services to millions of women around the country. It will  allow States to take away Federal funding from family planning clinics  and make it much harder for millions of American women to meet with  their healthcare providers and access basic care.   I am struggling to understand, amidst all these problems we are  having to solve in this country and around the world, why this Congress  seems to have such a singular fixation on controlling women's access to  basic healthcare. This legislation is so far out of touch with the  actual needs of our constituents. If we cut funding for women's health  clinics, is that going to create more good-paying jobs? Is it going to  open more factories in our upstate rural towns? I don't believe it  will. It is certainly not going to make anyone healthier.   There are millions of American women, including thousands of women in  my State of New York, who rely on title X health clinics for  treatments, preventive care, and for family planning services. They  need these health clinics because they provide contraception  counseling, cancer screening, and medical expertise right there in  their communities. Many of the women who use these services have  nowhere else to go for access because title X clinics are often the  only affordable option for them and may even be the only place within  driving distance of their communities. Yet, once again, my colleagues  are pushing legislation to limit women's options for accessing  healthcare and making it harder for thousands of New York women to get  the care and treatments they need. I continue to be amazed by how  little empathy there seems to be for millions of women in our country  who don't have the resources to travel to a major hospital outside of  their communities and desperately need these local clinics to stay  healthy.   Let's be very clear about who this legislation would hurt the most.  This bill will hurt women in small towns and rural communities more  than anyone else. It will cause lower income women to struggle even  more. Every single one of my colleagues has many women in their States  who rely on title X clinics and would suffer if these clinics had their  Federal funding taken away.   So I urge my colleagues in this Chamber: When it is time to vote on  this legislation, think about the women who live in your States. Think  about the women who live in small towns and rural communities who are  just trying to access basic women's healthcare services that they can  afford. Think about the women who don't have big hospitals or big  cities nearby. Think about the women who don't have enough money to  travel. The bill is going to hurt them. It will make their lives  harder, not easier.   We all have the responsibility to stand up for the women in our  States, and that includes defending their access to healthcare and  basic family planning services. I urge my colleagues to vote against  this very discriminatory resolution.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   