 Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer my unwavering  support for the lives of the unborn, to stand in solidarity with the  States, and to urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.J. Res.  43.   This resolution does not cut a dime from family planning funding  available to States. It simply enables States to direct the funding  towards nonabortion ``whole women'' healthcare providers, such as rural  health clinics and federally qualified health centers.   It is important to remember that, for every Planned Parenthood  clinic, there are 20 federally qualified health centers. Each year,  these centers serve over 21 million American women. This is almost  eight times the impact of Planned Parenthood clinics.    We know that Federal law requires that federally qualified health  centers provide mammograms, prenatal services, and emergency medical  services, none of which are offered by Planned Parenthood clinics.   The States were wise to prioritize such quality health care for women  with title X funds. Prior to this new, heavy-handed, agenda-driven  policy, the States maintained the flexibility to determine grant  recipients. This last-minute Obama administration rule effectively  nullifies the policy of 13 States that want to prioritize women's  health over abortion.   This Obama-era rule could also impair funding for another 10 States  that have chosen comprehensive care over abortion-focused clinics like  Planned Parenthood. But it gets worse. Of the 13 States impacted by  this rule, five States--Tennessee, Kansas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and  Ohio--could lose almost $16 million in title X funding for failing to  abide by the rule. This regulation forces these States to forego their  title X funding for all of the women in their State.   Today's resolution resolves this encroachment on the States, rolls  back this last-minute rule, and restores flexibility to the States so  that women can receive the health care they deserve.   I would like to thank Chairman Black for her work on this resolution,  and I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.J. Res. 43.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, the war on women  is escalating and more dangerous with H.J. Res. 43.   Let's not beat around the bush. Let's call this joint resolution what  it really is. It is a backdoor attempt to restrict access to a woman's  constitutional right to an abortion.   We all know that Federal funding for abortion is already prohibited,  but this goes further--much further. It cuts off funding for  contraception, screenings, and treatment if a provider also offers  abortions paid for with private funds.   Providers either stop doing abortions or they lose the Federal funds  they need to keep their doors open to serve their communities. In other  words, the supporters of this resolution are willing to sacrifice  women's access to basic healthcare services in order to stamp out  abortion. It is cruel, it is wrong, and I would say it is  discriminatory. When is the last time this body was called upon to cut  off access to basic health care for men?   Vote ``no.''   