 Mr. President, I am here to join so many of my  colleagues to oppose efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  Outright repeal without a replacement plan will hurt hundreds of  thousands of people in New Hampshire as well as millions across this  country. The estimate is anywhere from 20 million to 30 million people  who will lose their health insurance coverage.   There are all kinds of reasons why this is a bad idea. Many of those  have been addressed by my colleagues very eloquently. I wish to speak  about a couple of those reasons.   The first is one Senator Durbin alluded to earlier; that is, what  repeal of this law will mean for the heroin and opioid epidemic that is  facing New Hampshire and so many States across this country. Repeal  will dramatically worsen that epidemic because it will deny treatment  for people who are abusing substances, and it will also deny them  access to mental health services. That will mean a surge in overdose  deaths, and it will reverse so much of the progress we are beginning to  make.   I understand that sweeping health care reform is not easy. We all  know the Affordable Care Act is not perfect. It needs work. The way to  address it is not to repeal it, it is to work together to make it  better. Rather than rush to destroy the Affordable Care Act with no  replacement in sight, we should be working together, on a bipartisan  basis, to make commonsense improvements to the law. It can be done. I  know, because Tim Scott and I worked together to pass the PACE Act last  year to make it easier for us to control health care insurance  increases and to allow States to make the determination about group  size for health insurance plans.   One of the things I am hopeful about is that President-Elect Trump,  in the course of many visits to New Hampshire over the last year, again  and again pledged to take robust action to combat the opioid epidemic  in New Hampshire and across America. Yet, by repealing the Affordable  Care Act, President-Elect Trump and the Republican leadership in  Congress will make the opioid crisis so much worse. This would be a  broken promise to communities all across this country that are  struggling with addiction.   The Affordable Care Act has given millions of Americans access to  treatment and recovery and saved countless lives, and repealing it  would deny treatment to people suffering from substance use disorders.  It will cost lives. It will take a terrible toll on communities across  America.   In New Hampshire alone, health care reform has helped over 100,000  people gain access to health care coverage--people like Keith from  Rindge, NH. Keith was one of the thousands of Granite Staters able to  access quality, affordable health insurance through our State's  Medicaid expansion program.   Keith told my office that the Medicaid expansion literally saved his  life. Keith was suffering from several health issues when he went to  see his doctor after he signed up for the New Hampshire Health  Protection Plan, which is what we call our expansion of Medicaid. He  told us that had he not had insurance, doctors likely would not have  caught his kidney cancer early like they did, but because he had that  health insurance, Keith was able to afford and quickly access treatment  for  [[Page S144]]  his cancer. He is thankfully now cancer-free, and he credits having  insurance through Medicaid expansion with saving his life.   As I said, New Hampshire is in the midst of a heroin and opioid  epidemic. We have talked about the grim statistics frequently in the  last year as we have come to the floor. In 2014, we lost 47,000  Americans due to heroin and opioid overdoses. In New Hampshire, when  all of the analysis is in for 2016, we are expecting to have lost  almost 500 people due to overdose deaths. As Senator Durbin pointed  out, we have one of the highest percentages of overdose deaths in the  country.   It doesn't have to be that way because addiction is an illness. It is  an illness that doesn't have a cure, but we have made progress in  treating it. The Affordable Care Act ensures that substance misuse  services are covered by insurance. As a direct result of the Affordable  Care Act, many of those suffering finally have access to counseling and  therapy like medication-assisted treatment.   In addition to covering substance misuse counseling, the Affordable  Care Act is also built on mental health parity provisions that require  group health plans and insurers offering coverage of mental health  services to provide comparable coverage to what they provide for other  medical care when it comes to substance misuse.   The Affordable Care Act extended these parity goals by requiring  mental health services to be covered as essential health benefits, and  it also helped expand access to these services by insuring more  patients.   We worked very hard, in a bipartisan way, over the last year in this  Chamber to pass the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and to  pass the 21st Century Cures Act that provided $1 billion to address  heroin and opioid problems in this country. Both of those bills provide  significant benefits to people who are suffering from substance  misuse. If we repeal the Affordable Care Act, we are going to undo all  of the progress we have made through these supplemental pieces of law  because it would reverse the treatment access so many people in New  Hampshire and across this country have. Why would we deliberately take  away access to this lifesaving treatment from so many people who are  struggling to overcome addiction?    Repealing the Affordable Care Act will affect people like Ashley  Hurteau of Dover, who said her access to health care as a new Medicaid  enrollee was critical to her addiction recovery. She told our  newspaper, the Union Leader: ``I am living proof that, by giving  individuals suffering with substance use disorders access to health  insurance, we, as a society, are giving people like me the chance to be  who we really are again.''   I had the opportunity last Friday to visit a program called Hope on  Haven Hill in Rochester, NH. It provides help for women with substance  misuse issues who are pregnant or who have just delivered babies. It  works because these young women are enrolled in our Medicaid expansion  program. Without that, they would lose any opportunity for treatment  for their substance misuse. When I visited them, they talked about what  it was like to be in a place where it was like a home, where people  wanted to help them so that they could provide a better life for  themselves and their children.   Without access to lifesaving addiction treatment, many people like  Ashley and like those young women at Hope on Haven Hill would succumb  to their addiction. Again, what is so frustrating about this situation  is that it is completely preventable. It is not only the right thing to  do, but it is the economic thing to do because the cost of failing to  provide treatment for people who have substance misuse disorders is to  make sure that they cannot become profitable, taxpaying members of our  society.   One other benefit of the Affordable Care Act that, as Senator Murray  said, is so critical to 50 percent of our population is access to  health care for women. Before the Affordable Care Act, women paid more  for health insurance, and contraceptives were something that made  insurance cost more. Particularly for women who don't have the economic  means, the Affordable Care Act has, for the first time, made  contraceptives available to women without cost-sharing requirements  like copays, deductibles, and coinsurance. Study after study has shown  that access to contraceptives is one of the greatest indicators of  success for women. When women are able to plan their pregnancies, they  are more likely to graduate from high school, to enroll in college, to  have stable and higher paying jobs, and to make sure that their health  outcomes are better for themselves, their children, and their families.   It is especially frustrating that last week our Republican colleagues  in the House leadership announced that they are going to use the budget  processes not only to repeal the Affordable Care Act and the help that  it provides to women for contraceptive coverage, but they are also  going to use this vehicle to defund Planned Parenthood. This is not  only irresponsible, it is dangerous.   Just this morning, Senator Hassan and I visited a Planned Parenthood  clinic in Exeter, NH. We talked with women who have benefited from the  vital services this center provides to thousands of Granite Staters.  They talked about how 94 percent of the services provided in New  Hampshire Planned Parenthood clinics are related to prevention. This is  what one of the volunteers said in talking about the women with whom  she had met who had come to Planned Parenthood clinics: What they tell  me is that Planned Parenthood saved me.   For so many women who have economic challenges, for low-income women  who need access to services in New Hampshire and across the country,  they don't have any other place where they can get services if we close  down Planned Parenthood clinics. Two counties in New Hampshire don't  have community health centers and a place where women can readily go.  So defunding Planned Parenthood, closing the doors to Planned  Parenthood health centers--in New Hampshire and across this country-- would put millions of women in a situation where they have nowhere to  go to access basic health care services. This will cost women and their  families access to preventive care, and, ultimately, it is going to  cost the lives of women.   Repealing the Affordable Care Act is going to actively worsen health  outcomes. It will provide less access to care for our most vulnerable  populations. It will increase unplanned pregnancies. It will mean that  people who have preexisting conditions will not be able to access  health insurance in the future. The list goes on and on. The repeal of  the Affordable Care Act will not only throw millions of people off  their health care, but it will also impact the coverage of millions of  others because millions of Americans will see their premiums rise. They  will see reinstatement of lifetime limits. They will see reinstatement  of expensive cost-sharing requirements, higher deductibles, a  reinstatement by health insurance companies of coverage denials, or  sky-high premiums because of preexisting conditions. Why would we go  back to those exclusionary and detrimental practices? Why would we go  back to a time when we had over 20 million fewer people in this country  who had access to health insurance?   Now is the time for us to come together. Instead of scrapping this  law, we should be working together to improve it, to make it work for  all Americans.   Make no mistake, repealing the Affordable Care Act without a  replacement plan, stripping away health insurance for tens of thousands  of Granite Staters and over 20 million Americans is not only  counterintuitive but it is dangerous. We can do better in America.   I yield the floor.   