 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose the American Health  Care Act. This bill will destroy the Affordable Care Act, even though  the Affordable Care Act has given more Americans access to quality,  affordable healthcare than ever before in our history. It would force  middle-class families to pay more money for less care. It would leave  more people uninsured by a lot. It would allow insurance companies to  charge older Americans with what is essentially an age tax, as if our  parents and grandparents don't already pay insurance companies enough  for their care.   It would cause many working families to lose coverage from their  employers because, under this new bill, companies would no longer have  to provide their workers with healthcare, and without a mandate to do  so, we know many of them will not.   It would drastically cut Medicaid funding, which would cripple our  State budgets and would leave many seniors in nursing homes and lower  income New Yorkers stuck without a way to pay for the medical care they  actually need to survive. This bill would also take away healthcare for  millions of women, including lifesaving healthcare services like breast  exams and pap smears.   On top of all of this, as if to add insult to injury, this so-called  healthcare plan would give tax breaks to health insurance CEOs who make  more than  [[Page S1654]]  $500,000 a year. How is any of this going to make people in my State or  in my colleagues' States healthier?   I am struggling to understand, amid all of the problems we seem to  have and all of the problems we need to solve in this Chamber, why this  Congress seems to have a singular fixation on taking away access to  healthcare from some of the most vulnerable people in our communities.  I continue to be amazed by how little empathy there seems to be in this  Chamber for the millions of women, older Americans, and lower income  Americans who do not have the incredible resources that we have here in  Congress and who desperately need the Federal programs this bill will  cut.   The legislation is completely out of touch with the actual needs of  the people in my State. It is driven by ideology, as if it is somehow  the wrong thing to do to help people in our States live healthy and  fulfilling lives.   If someone is diagnosed with cancer and the only way he can afford to  see an oncologist and have surgery is through an Affordable Care Act  health plan, do you think he cares whether his insurance coverage was  made possible by ObamaCare? If your parents or grandparents suffer from  dementia and the only way they can afford the constant care and medical  attention is if they sign up for Medicaid, do you think they care that  Medicaid is a program that is actually run by the Federal Government?   I don't think families care about that. I think they are much more  concerned about whether they have access to the insurance plans that  actually cover their needs, that actually treat their illnesses, that  actually give them the medicines they need, and that allow them to heal  and get back to full strength.   That is why the Affordable Care Act has done so many good things for  people in our States--because access to healthcare is a human right.  Now that millions more Americans finally have it, it is wrong to take  it away from them.   I urge my colleagues in this Chamber to think much more about the  women in their lives who need access to these preventive healthcare  services, to think about all of the hard-working Americans who do not  earn a lot, though they work full-time jobs and cannot afford it, and  to think about all of the older Americans who are really being  disadvantaged through this bill so they will not be able to afford that  24/7 or nursing care they need. This bill harms all of them, and it  makes their lives much harder, not easier.   I implore all of my colleagues to reject this bill.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time spent in quorum  calls on H.J. Res. 58 be charged equally to both sides.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   