 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the  House is considering H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017. I  note that H.R. 2430 would provide the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  (FDA) with new statutory authority to require the sponsor of an orphan- designated drug, which has certain similarities to an already approved  drug, to demonstrate ``clinical superiority'' compared to the already  approved drug as a condition of receiving seven years of market  exclusivity.   This authority will limit the number of drugs that are automatically  entitled to seven years of exclusivity, while maintaining incentives  for the development of innovative treatments for rare diseases.   I also note that the bill would improve transparency of the FDA's  execution of the Orphan Drug Act. Specifically, the bill directs the  FDA to notify a sponsor in writing of any clinical superiority  rationale on which the FDA relied in designating the sponsor's drug as  an orphan drug. Further, it would require the FDA to publish its  clinical superiority findings summaries for all drugs granted  exclusivity based on a demonstration of clinical superiority.   I urge my colleagues to support the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in  support of H.R. 23, the GROW Act, which makes important and necessary  regulatory reforms to allow for better management of water resources  throughout the West.   My home State of California recently suffered its worst drought on  record, which significantly affected the entire State. Families,  communities, workers, and businesses all made significant sacrifices to  conserve water and mitigate the drought's impact.   I applaud the water agencies and residents in my home district of  Orange County for taking the necessary steps to adapt to the severe  drought conditions. While substantial rainfall this winter effectively  ended California's drought, the recent crisis was not just from a lack  of rain. It is also the result of failed State and Federal policies  that have mismanaged critical water resources throughout the West.   The GROW Act is a crucial step toward addressing these failed  policies. H.R. 23 will help California recover from this devastating  drought and ensure the State is better equipped to handle future water  deficiencies.   In addition to addressing water delivery and water rights issues, the  bill also facilitates the development of new water storage projects,  which is a key water management tool for southern California water  agencies. These projects are critical to a number of California  communities, like Orange County, that lack the access to water even  during nondrought conditions. The GROW Act removes regulatory barriers  from streamlining the permitting and approval process for new  infrastructure projects.   Under current law, new water storage construction projects require  approval from a number of Federal, State, and local agencies. This bill  provides for a consolidated permitting process that would require  Federal agencies to conduct coordinated reviews of non-Federal storage  projects.   The GROW Act will also expedite feasibility studies for much-needed  Federal storage projects, some of which have been unnecessarily delayed  for years.   