 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McClintock for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1927. Nearly a decade ago, the  National Park Service, with the help of the Organization of American  Historians, completed a study to help identify significant sites  related to the modern civil rights movement. Through this effort, the  National Park Service found that many sites with a connection to the  movement had not been formally recognized and that many were in severe  disrepair and at risk of being permanently lost.   This legislation establishes a network of sites to include all  National Park Service's units and programs, as well as other Federal,  State, local, and privately owned properties for the National Register  of Historic Places.   A similar network was created previously by Congress to identify and  commemorate the sites and stories related to the underground railroad.  This bill would allow the National Park Service to build partnerships  with other public and private entities to help preserve the remaining  sites.   As part of my religious beliefs, I believe that knowing who you are,  where you come from, is a foundation of knowing where you are and where  you will be going.   History teaches us important lessons that we need to learn and grow  from. Because of great leaders like Martin Luther King, President  Abraham Lincoln, Rosa Parks, and many unsung heroes, I am here today as  a Member of Congress representing the great State of Utah. We can be  proud of who we are and what we believe in, that all men are created  equal in the eyes of God.   It is imperative that here in the United States, that we don't make  people feel like victims, and that all Americans are not afraid of, but  empowered by, their history and our future.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Clay for his sponsorship of  this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1927.    I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to speak about  my proposed amendment to the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. My  amendment will have zero budgetary impact, and the intent is to merely  advocate for the expansion of permissible uses of the MRA funds that  have already been designated for Member security.   Currently, the Appropriations Committee has provided MRA resources in  the amount of $25,000 per Member for providing Member security away  from the Capitol complex; however, this money may not be currently  spent on security at a Member's private residence.   In the current environment, however, many Members, myself included,  have faced threats that extend to our homes and our families. For me,  that included a person putting my address on Facebook and Twitter with  a statement that stated: ``We've signed your death certificate. You  won't see us coming.''   In fact, in recognition of this disturbing trend, a recent FEC  advisory opinion held that the campaign funds may be used, ``. . . to  install or upgrade residential security systems that do not constitute  structural improvements to a Members' homes.''   My amendment proposes that MRA funds for Member security may be used  [[Page H6410]]  in this same way. We do not face these threats because we are  candidates for office but because we are sitting Members of Congress.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Richmond), my colleague from Louisiana's Second Congressional District.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Bridenstine), my colleague from Oklahoma's First  Congressional District.    Mr. Chair, I would like to go ahead and reiterate my  thanks to the Appropriations Committee and to my colleagues for all of  the support on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   