 Mr. Speaker, early this summer, on a Friday night,  just about 30 miles from this Capital, I went on a ride-along in my  district with our Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force.   A young boy standing on the sidewalk along Sterling Boulevard in  Sterling, Virginia, caught the eye of a veteran member of our task  force. The young man on the street looked about 15 or 16 years old, but  he was actually a 22-year-old member of the transnational violent  street gang known as MS-13. He was covered in MS-13 gang tattoos--on  his chest, his back, his feet.   It turned out, he had been in jail in El Salvador for murder as a  teenager, and he had already been deported from the U.S. twice for  engaging in violent crimes here.   Three other of the estimated thousands of MS-13 gang members that are  just here in our Capital region were also picked up that night. There  have been cases in northern Virginia where a suspected member of the  MS-13 gang has been deported five times, yet returned again to continue  their gang activity.   At a town festival in Herndon this year, the gang task force  identified--because they go to these events and they see these people-- an estimated 200 to 300 suspected gang members milling about among the  families who were getting cotton candy and hot dogs for their kids.  They are right there looking to recruit in their own communities.   Mr. Speaker, since November 2016, at least eight murders have been  committed and tied to MS-13 and other  [[Page H7391]]  gangs in our area, representing a 166 percent increase over the last  year in the northern Virginia region.   An MS-13-linked vicious murder occurred in November 2015. Of course,  I should acknowledge that they are all vicious when you are talking  about MS-13. This happened on an Alexandria playground in the evening  just about 8 miles from this Capital, and it resulted in the death of  24-year-old Jose Luis Ferman Perez. He was nearly decapitated in the  machete attack. His body was left on the playground and was found by a  woman walking her dog the next morning. It could have been one of the  kids playing on the playground finding that.   The Washington Post has highlighted how the 2014 border surge has  contributed to the MS-13 problem, saying: ``The violent street gang is  on the rise in the United States, fueled, in part, by the surge in  unaccompanied minors.''   A recent Washington Post article documented the case of gang members  who videotaped the murder of a 15-year-old girl, Damaris Reyes Rivas,  who was savagely beaten by multiple people, and repeatedly stabbed by  all of these gang members. The video of this was intended to be sent to  MS-13 gang leadership in El Salvador to confirm that this greenlit  murder had been carried out.   Tragically, MS-13 targets and preys upon their own community, on  young people who may not have much of a family structure around them.  Sadly, these children and young people were actually fleeing MS-13 in  their own countries of El Salvador, Honduras, or Guatemala, only to  come here and be targeted.   There was one case that, fortunately, the Norther Virginia Regional  Gang Task Force was able to intercept, where a brother was trying to  enlist his own brother to join the MS-13 gang. And when he refused to,  he put a hit out on him. Fortunately, the gang task force was able to  stop that.    We cannot allow this to stand. Mr. Speaker, the Northern Virginia  Regional Gang Task Force is battling this problem in our region, but  they still need more resources. In our appropriations process, we have  directed more resources for our regional task forces. I have personally  talked to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is very familiar  with this MS-13 problem, having been a U.S. attorney in the Maryland  region.   Our regional task force is comprised of 13 local, State and Federal  law enforcement agencies, and the task force has a three-pronged  approach: education, intervention and prevention, and enforcement. We  need to provide support on all three of these fronts.   I witnessed firsthand the exhausting work of the task force; the  technology they utilize on the streets that was able to immediately  identify just with fingerprints the background of this gang member that  they were able to arrest; the detailed knowledge they have of our  communities and our neighborhoods; the positive relationships they have  with the people in these communities, the very people that are being  victimized; and the challenges they face with this problem that has  returned to our area.   That is why I sponsored H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Member  Removal Act, with my colleagues, so it will provide additional tools to  law enforcement. It will ensure that when ICE positively identifies a  known alien gang member, they may act immediately. This legislation  identifies gang membership and participation in gang activity as  grounds for inadmissibility and removability. We don't have to wait  until these brutal killers wield their machetes or leave another body  on a children's playground.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    This is a marked improvement over current law where  ICE must wait for specific convictions before removal proceedings can  commence. The bill preserves, as my colleague has already identified,  all the due process and appellate rights afforded to any alien facing  deportation.   An immigration judge must be convinced that the evidence in the  record supports the finding. I encourage support of this legislation  today, which will strengthen and enforce our laws against known violent  gang members. I also will continue to work with my colleagues on other  matters, such as the bill I introduced earlier this summer, to provide  additional resources to our regional gang task forces for their  education, intervention, and enforcement efforts.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Virginia is recognized  for 5 minutes.    Madam Speaker, in 2015, at an Alexandria playground in  Mr. Beyer's district, 8 miles from this Capitol, the body of a 24-year- old man was left nearly decapitated in a grisly murder by one of the  thousands of MS-13 gang members in our country. I should also mention  that that victim was also an MS-13 gang member.   This very Capital region has the second highest number of MS-13 gang  members. Criminal alien gang members are growing in numbers in our  region around the country and wrecking havoc in my district and in this  very region. Without stronger tools to specifically target those  specific aliens--this bill targets them--that terrorize our streets,  gangs like MS-13 will then continue to grow in numbers and strength if  we aren't targeting them. The time has come to take action and provide  a path for deportation for violent criminal gang members.   ICE has found that membership of these violent transnational gangs is  comprised largely of foreign-born nationals. Often bearing the brunt of  these gangs' violence are the very immigrant communities in which they  reside. They target their own communities. We have seen that in my  region and in my district, and that is why this is so troubling.    The Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act will address this. Those  gang members who have successfully evaded prosecution through witness  intimidation, employing the tactics of fear and violence will now be  within ICE's reach. The new grounds of removability provided by H.R.  3697 will help get criminal gang members off our streets.   ICE's recent Operation New Dawn has resulted in almost 1,100 arrests  of gang members. Had this bill been enacted prior, that number could  have increased. This bill is only starting the removal process,  however.   Make no mistake, regular immigration proceedings will still apply.  The government must prove its case and provide evidence to convince an  immigration judge. This bill preserves all due process and appellate  rights afforded to any alien facing deportation.   The time for this bill is long overdue. It was introduced to target  criminal gangs, as that term is commonly understood, and that is what  it will do once it is enacted.   I urge my colleagues to vote down this motion to recommit, to vote  for the base bill, H.R. 3697, and to provide ICE with the tools it  needs to keep dangerous criminal alien gang members off our streets,  out of our communities, and out of our country.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is  ordered on the motion to recommit.   There was no objection.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the noes appeared to have it.   