 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, since day one, the President of the  United States has made it clear that his top priority, when it comes to  healthcare in our country, is to score political points by attacking  ObamaCare. He has even said repeatedly that healthcare in our country  will ``implode,'' but this was not just a prediction that President  Trump made, it was his goal, and he has tried virtually everything he  can do to make that implosion a reality.   In January, he abruptly pulled funding for outreach days before the  end of the 2017 open enrollment period without any analysis of how that  might affect patients and families, and he signed executive orders  specifically designed to inject uncertainty and increased costs into  the healthcare system.   President Trump then dedicated the spring and summer to attempting to  jam partisan, extraordinarily destructive legislation through the House  and Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act, despite one independent  analysis after another showing that each version of TrumpCare would  cause premiums to spike, take coverage away from millions of people,  rip protections away from patients with preexisting conditions, and gut  Medicaid.   This fall--after TrumpCare failed another time in the Senate--he  slashed by 90 percent the investments that help inform families about  their coverage options and followed through on his year-long threat to  discontinue payments designed to lower out-of-pocket costs for low- income enrollees.   This is a scenario that healthcare experts said would cause mass  consumer confusion and anxiety, one that insurance companies planned  for by shifting that burden of uncertainty to patients and taxpayers in  the form of higher premiums and fewer options in State marketplaces.   Now, this is by no means the full list of ways President Trump has  attempted his healthcare sabotage, but it does explain why we are here  now. Today is the first day of the open enrollment period for 2018, and  as a direct result of this President's actions, families are going to  see higher premiums, more out-of-pocket costs, and fewer coverage  options. Many families will have to change their coverage if they want  to avoid paying hundreds of dollars more in premiums.   At a time when we need to continue to do more to bend the healthcare  cost curve in the right direction, taxpayers are being burdened with  higher  [[Page S6942]]  healthcare costs to the Federal Government--not because of any  improvement in quality or comprehensiveness, just because of the chaos  this administration has caused.   In fact, just last week, the Trump administration proposed a rule to  double down on the sabotage in 2019 that would let insurers cover fewer  services in addition to raising costs. I have to say, I just truly  never imagined that a President of the United States would so openly  and uncaringly root for the people of this country to be worse off. But  that is exactly what President Trump is doing. It needs to be said, and  it needs to be stopped.    What makes this even more frustrating is that a lot of it could have  been stopped months ago if Republican leaders hadn't insisted on trying  to help this administration carry out its partisan, wrecking-ball  healthcare strategy.   Back in September, Chairman Alexander and I were very near agreement  on a bipartisan bill to stabilize healthcare markets and protect  families from higher premiums and out-of-pocket costs through regular  order, through a process that actually engaged over half the Senate. We  were on the verge of reaching an agreement when Republican leaders  froze our negotiations. Why? In order to jam TrumpCare through the  Senate one more time.   Let me repeat that. Republican leaders hit the pause button on a  bipartisan process that could have lowered premiums and stabilized  markets, exposing our patients and families to the full impact of  President Trump's sabotage.   That is the bad news, but the good news is that the legislation  Chairman Alexander and I ultimately agreed on can and will still have  an impact--not just a few years from now but in 2018--if Republican  leaders don't stand in the way again. Our bill would, among other  priorities, continue out-of-pocket cost reduction payments and make  sure that patients and families, not insurance companies, see the  benefit of that certainty in the form of rebates next year. The  legislation Chairman Alexander and I have proposed, with 12 Democratic  and 12 Republican cosponsors, would do a lot to help us get things back  on track. It would tie President Trump's hands on sabotage, and it  would send a very powerful message that elected officials in Congress  can work together to get things done when we focus on common ground  rather than scoring political points.   I would once again urge the majority leader to allow our legislation  to get a vote. It has the support of 60-plus Senators, and it is  growing. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has said that it  provides billions in savings and would stabilize the markets this year  and lower premiums in 2019. And the President told Chairman Alexander  that he supports this process moving forward.   There is no reason to wait. There is absolutely no excuse for  inaction, and I am going to continue doing everything I can to make  that clear until Republican leaders finally listen to the patients and  families they serve.   Mr. President, while I am here today, I also want to take a few  minutes to speak on another way that I believe President Trump and  Republicans are taking our country in a direction that is deeply  harmful; that is, by stacking our courts with extreme conservative  judges.   The Senate this week is going to vote on four judicial nominees who  each have the far-rightwing seal of approval. Two are on President  Trump's short list for Supreme Court Justices, meaning they would  automatically vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. Unfortunately, their views  on many things--LGBTQ rights, sexual assault, criminal justice, and  corporate interests--are just as deeply troubling. One of the nominees  we are considering this week advocated for using electric shocks for  criminal punishment, and two--Amy Barrett and Stephanos Bibas--were  nominated only after Republicans blocked the nominations of Myra Selby  and Rebecca Haywood--both who happen to be African-American women--to  the respective benches.   It is clear that as Republican leaders' list of legislative failures  grows longer, their effort to enact their agenda by administrative  action and by stacking the courts is only going to accelerate. That  might appeal to extreme conservatives--in fact, I am pretty sure it  does--but the truth is that whether it is healthcare or infrastructure  or taxes, most people across the country really want to see Congress  working together.   I am going to continue doing everything I can to speak out and fight  back against extreme, harmful steps that are being taken by this  administration and allowed by Republican leaders here in Congress and  also to show there is a better way to get things done--by working under  regular order, across the aisle, and putting people, not politics,  first. That is what families rightfully expect, and that is what we all  should be focused on.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator  Brown for leading the effort on the floor to speak out against the  latest attacks on union rights that are in front of the Supreme Court  right now. I am very proud to join him to highlight the contributions  unions have made to our middle class, to the economy, and to our  country. I want to express my commitment to stand up against any  attempts to undermine workers' rights to join a union and bargain  collectively.  [[Page S6955]]    Since day one, President Trump has broken his campaign promise, which  was to put our workers first, by rolling back worker protections and  putting corporations and billionaires ahead of our working families,  and now we are seeing corporate special interests doubling down on  their attempts to undermine the rights of workers to band together. So  it is critical now more than ever that we are committed to protecting  our workers and their ability to advocate for safe working conditions,  better wages, and a secure retirement.   Unions helped create the middle class in this country and helped a  lot of our families in the last century become financially secure. But  over the last few decades, as workers' bargaining power and union  density have declined, we as a country have seen a decline in the  middle class and a rise in income inequality in this country. As we all  know, too many families today are struggling to make ends meet.  Meanwhile, corporations' profits are at an alltime high.   I will continue to fight back against any attempts by this  administration and by special interests to rig the rules against the  people who go to work every day. I will keep fighting for policies that  will help families save just a little more in their bank account,  whether it includes raising the minimum wage or fighting for equal pay  for equal work or strengthening our workers' rights to seek out and  join a union and bargain collectively. I urge all of our colleagues who  want to help working families to get ahead to join me in that effort.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   