 Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?    I say to the Senator, it is my understanding that the  essence of Mrs. DeVos's career has been an effort to impose on States  programs--and now a Federal Government program--that will take money  out of public schools to provide for parents and students to then go to  private schools. Is it a fair characterization of the essence of her  career that parents should have a choice with public money to decide  whether they want to attend a public school or a private school?    So I am confused.   We just had an election. In my State, the reddest parts of my State  are parts of the State where there are no private schools--rural  Missouri. I am a daughter of rural Missouri. My father went to public  school in Houston, MO. My mother went to public school in Lebanon, MO.  I attended public school in Lebanon, MO, and Columbia, MO. In fact, I  am a product of public education from beginning to end. Both of my  parents went to the University of Missouri, and so did I.   In rural areas of this country, there are no private schools for  parents and kids to choose. They would have to drive miles. By the way,  in my State, the newly elected Governor just cut transportation funds  for public schools--just cut them. So they now have less money for  transportation than they had last year. And, by the way, it isn't like  public schools are getting fully funded in my State. They are not.   So I guess what I am confused about--I know what public schools mean  to rural Missouri. I know they are the essence of the community. If the  essence of this woman's career is to take money out of public schools  in rural communities and put them in private schools that will never  exist in many of these small communities, they are kicking the shins of  the very voters who put them in power.   I don't get that. I don't get that, Senator. I don't understand how  you could give the back of your hand to rural America with this  decision. I would implore my colleagues who understand that rural  America is where their base is in large part that they are misreading  this vote if they think that rural America is going to forget that this  woman wants to rob the public schools of rural America and put in  private schools in the cities, which they will never be able to attend.   I thank the Senator.    Mr. President, will the Senator yield for 1 sentence?    Thank you so much. I yield the remainder of my  postcloture debate time to Senator Feinstein.   I thank Senator Shaheen. I apologize for interrupting.   