 Thank you, Mr. President.   I thank my colleague from Hawaii for her really important statement  on this. I come to the floor today to express my serious concerns,  along with other women from the Senate, about the nomination of Judge  Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, particularly about what it would  mean for women across the country today and for generations to come.   Like the overwhelming majority of my Democratic colleagues, I have  decided to vote against Judge Gorsuch's nomination, and I will be  opposing a cloture motion ending debate. Now, I don't take this  decision lightly, but with the future of women's health and rights and  opportunity at risk, it is a decision I must make.   The Trump administration has broken nearly every one of its promises,  but one it has certainly kept is its promise to turn back the clock on  women's progress. It is clear that Republicans in Congress are  committed to doing the same. Last week, just a few days ago, Senate  Republicans, with the help of Vice President Pence, overturned a rule  that prevents discrimination against family planning providers based on  the kinds of services they provide to women. It was shameful and  unprecedented.   Now, not missing a beat, Congressional Republicans are already  gearing up to attach riders to our coming budget bills in order to cut  off access to critical services at Planned Parenthood for millions of  patients. There are similar attempts to undermine women's access to  healthcare in cities and States nationwide, and more often than we  would like, the Supreme Court is going to be the place of last resort  for protecting women's hard-fought gains.   If the buck has to stop with the Supreme Court on women's health and  rights, I do not want Judge Gorsuch anywhere near the bench. Time and  again, Judge Gorsuch has sided with the extreme rightwing and against  tens of millions of women and men who believe that in the 21st century,  women should be able to make their own choices about their own bodies.   Let me just give you a few examples. When the Tenth Circuit ruled in  the case of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that a woman's boss could decide  whether or not her insurance would include birth control, Judge Gorsuch  did not just agree; he thought the ruling should have gone further.  Judge Gorsuch has argued that birth control coverage included in the  ACA as an essential part of women's healthcare--one that has, by the  way, benefited 55 million women--is a ``clear burden'' on employers  that would not long survive.   When it comes to Planned Parenthood, he has already weighed in on the  side of defunding our Nation's largest provider of women's healthcare.  What was his reasoning? Judge Gorsuch thought that in light of  completely discredited sting videos taken by extreme conservatives,  women in the State of Utah should have a harder time accessing the care  they need. I should note that just last week, the makers of those false  videos received 15 felony charges.   I also want to be clear, as well, about what Judge Gorsuch's  nomination could mean for a woman's constitutionally protected right to  safe, legal  [[Page S2199]]  abortion services under the historic ruling in Rowe v. Wade, which was  just reaffirmed last summer by this Court. In his nomination hearings,  Judge Gorsuch would not give a clear answer on whether he would uphold  that ruling, which has meant so much to so many women and families over  the last four decades.   Judge Gorsuch has donated repeatedly to politicians who are dead set  on interfering with women's constitutionally protected healthcare  decisions. He has even made deeply inaccurate comparisons between  abortion and assisted suicide.   I remember the days before Rowe v. Wade very clearly. I have heard  the stories of women faced with truly impossible choices during that  time. Women from all across the country have shared those deeply  personal experiences because they know what it would mean to go  backward.   Lastly, attempts to control women's bodies are not always about  reproductive rights. Sure enough, Judge Gorsuch is on the wrong side  here as well. He concurred in a ruling against a transgender woman who  was denied regular access to hormone therapy while she was in prison.  This ruling rejected the idea that under our Constitution, denying  healthcare services is cruel and unusual punishment. That is not the  kind of judgment I want to see on the bench, and I think most families  would agree.   Families who have already done so much to lead the resistance against  this administration and its damaging, divisive agenda are fighting this  nomination as hard as they can. They know the Trump Presidency will be  damaging enough for 4 years, but Judge Gorsuch's nomination will roll  back progress for women over a lifetime.   I am proud to stand with them and do everything I can to make sure  they are heard loud and clear here in the Senate. I oppose Judge  Gorsuch's nomination in light of everything it would mean for women.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my deep  concern about the Republicans' rush to fill the vacant Supreme Court  seat and about President Trump's nominee for this critical position.   I believe one of the most solemn and consequential decisions we make  as Senators is whether to support a nominee to the highest Court in the  country. It is a responsibility I do not take lightly. And after  careful consideration, I will be voting against the nomination of Judge  Neil Gorsuch, and I will be opposing a cloture motion ending debate.    I come to this conclusion weighing several things. First, a Supreme  Court Justice has an enormous responsibility to uphold our Constitution  and defend our democracy. The Court's decision affects every citizen in  every corner of this country. At times, one Justice--perhaps this  nominee--may be the only thing standing between someone's rights and an  executive branch that operates as though it is above the law.   That is a real concern--one I have heard over and over from people in  my home State of Washington who are frightened about the direction  President Trump is trying to take our country.   Since taking office about two months ago, he has demonstrated  complete disregard for the law, the Constitution, and American  families. He has tried to force through un-American bans on Muslim  refugees and immigrants. He fired Sally Yates, an Acting Attorney  General who dared to stand up to him.   It is clear this President doesn't just think he is above the law. He  has, at times, shown a true disdain for it, repeatedly insulting the  men and women on the bench, even telling a crowd that perhaps the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals--a court that didn't rule in his favor--should  be broken up.   Now, we need an independent judiciary that can safeguard the rights  of citizens against this executive branch, but with so much chaos  created by this President, coupled with the cloud of an FBI  investigation into him and his associates, I have no reason to trust  that he or his administration are acting in the best interests of our  country or our democracy, and I cannot support moving forward with his  choice for the Court.   On top of that, I am concerned about the unprecedented pace of the  Judiciary Committee process, which would rush through this nominee on  the fastest time line in recent history. That is pretty striking  because this same committee failed to hold a single hearing on this  vacancy for 12 months following Justice Scalia's passing. It refused  President Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, any opportunity to be  heard, which brings me to my serious concerns about this particular  nominee.   I wish to start with women's access to healthcare. President Trump  campaigned on promises to overturn women's constitutionally protected  rights to make their own healthcare decisions, secured by the historic  ruling in Roe v. Wade. This President has broken almost every promise  he has made, but one he appears to be keeping, especially in selecting  Judge Gorsuch, is his promise to undermine women's health and rights.   Judge Gorsuch would have taken the ruling in Hobby Lobby to allow  women's bosses to decide whether or not they get birth control to an  even more extreme result. His deeply conservative record suggests he  can't be trusted to stand for women's constitutionally protected  healthcare rights or access to care. In fact, it seems clear he will  [[Page S2319]]  work to weaken those rights at every opportunity.   Since day one of this Presidency, women nationwide have made it  absolutely clear they do not want to go backwards, and that is  something I am going to continue to fight for.   I am also going to keep fighting for our workers, and I am troubled  that as a Federal judge on the Tenth Circuit, Judge Gorsuch has a clear  record of siding against workers and with corporations and big  businesses.   The Associated Press said his opinions were ``coldly pragmatic and  they're usually in the employers' favor.''   His history of dismissing workers' safety concerns and hostility  toward upholding disability rights greatly concerns me and strongly  suggests that he would join conservative Justices to undermine workers'  rights.   We need a Justice on the Supreme Court who will uphold workers'  protections and safety and the right to organize.   I am also deeply concerned about the potential effect on children and  students with disabilities.   In a number of cases, Judge Gorsuch ruled in ways that made it more  difficult for them to receive the support and services they not only  deserve but are entitled to under the Individuals With Disabilities  Education Act--our Nation's special education law. I strongly believe  in this law, and I believe we should be doing everything to ensure  individuals with disabilities can obtain their full potential by  accessing meaningful, quality public education--certainly not the bare  minimum.   It is notable that while Judge Gorsuch was testifying--actually,  while he was testifying before the Judiciary Committee 2 weeks ago--the  Supreme Court unanimously rejected his prior ruling in a case involving  the rights of a student with disabilities to receive a meaningful  education. It is highly troubling that when it comes to policies  concerning torture, Gorsuch--as a member of President George W. Bush's  Justice Department--advocated that the President has broad powers to  basically ignore parts of the legal ban on torture.   This deference to Executive power is concerning, to say the least,  but it also makes a whole lot more sense as to why Judge Gorsuch would  be Donald Trump's No. 1 choice.   His testimony before the Judiciary Committee regarding Citizens  United, in which he incorrectly stated that the Court left Congress the  ability to enact commonsense campaign spending limits, strengthens my  decision to vote no.   So if you believe in transparency in our elections and upholding the  integrity of our democracy or you believe we need a Justice who will  protect the rights of all Americans and stand with them and not with  President Trump and millionaires and billionaires, this choice is  clear.   As I have urged my colleagues for weeks, with so much chaos in the  administration and so many questions now surrounding this President's  commitment to the rule of law: Slow down. Stop playing political games.  Respect the families we represent. Respect the separation of power, and  stop trying to jam this nominee through.   Whatever you do, do not blow up the Senate rules for Supreme Court  nominees. Invoking the nuclear option is a dangerous path to go down.   I have been in the majority and I have been in the minority. Either  way, I believe when it comes to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme  Court, the Senate must adhere to a higher standard and the 60-vote  threshold. If you can't get that many votes for a Supreme Court  nominee, you don't need to change the rules, you need to change the  nominee.   I yield the floor.   