 Mr. Speaker, thank you very much. I appreciate the  gentlewoman championing this issue, and we have brought our kids here  and know the challenges of juggling work and family--and we are not  alone. As you said, many, many families in this country are facing  these same challenges, and that is why I am so excited about your bill  and so proud to sponsor it and stand with you tonight.   The family is really the foundation of our country, and to have  strong families, we need to be able to make ways to encourage them to  be together, especially for those special, special events. I know there  are many, many moms and dads out there working today who would love to  be able to have the flexibility of the workplace where they can take  off and spend some time with their kids at the soccer game, or when  they get that phone call from the school that their child is sick,  please come pick them up, to be able to have that flexibility to do  that and to take them to the doctor or to stay home with them if they  are sick. Then, as families age, many families need to be with their  parent or need to go to the doctor with them.   These are just commonsense things to allow that flexibility where you  could work some overtime and choose, instead of having the extra money,  you could choose to be able to use that to spend time with your family,  those people that mean the most to you. That is just precious. It is  priceless to be able to do that. And it is really sad now that, in our  country, only half of the American workers have this option, and they  are workers who work for the government. But yet, if you work for that  small business in town or that manufacturer making a product and  shipping it overseas, proud, made in U.S.A., sorry. Our government  right now says, the Fair Labor Standards Act says, you don't get that  option, but if you work for the Federal Government then you would, and  that is just not fair.   So I applaud you for drafting this bill so that every American family  would have the option to be able to spend time with those people that  mean the most to them. It is just common sense. The time has well  passed for us to pass this.   I just commend you for putting this forth again. I am very excited  about this bill, proud to stand alongside you and look forward to what  I believe should be--should be--a unanimous vote tomorrow because this  is such a great bill.   So thank you so much for allowing me to come down and to share my  support, and the people of the Fourth District of Missouri would just  love to have this. Keep up the great work. We will look forward to  bringing this across the finish line.   