 Mr. President, my understanding is that Senator Cornyn  was about to come to the floor, but I would be happy to have the  Senator give the CBO report on this legislation, which I very  enthusiastically support.    Mr. President, I am delighted to follow Senator  Alexander and was very pleased to hear the news from the CBO that this  Alexander-Murray proposal not only doesn't bail out insurance  companies, as we all agree we should not do--we want to make sure  savings go to consumers--but it also will save taxpayers $3.8 billion.   This is a bipartisan agreement. I applaud the work of Senator  Alexander and Senator Patty Murray to craft this bipartisan agreement  to address the challenges we have in the short term with healthcare.  Senators Alexander and Murray have given us a template for bipartisan  negotiations not just on healthcare but on other critical matters that  are going to come before this Senate--tax reform, reauthorizing  community health centers and the Children's Health Insurance  [[Page S6785]]  Program, reaching an agreement on the 2018 budget. These are all major  issues facing this country and issues we should be working on in a  bipartisan way. The Senate is at its best when we observe regular order  and we follow the committee process, when we work across the aisle and  make principled compromises to get things done for the American people.  I believe that is exactly what this health insurance bill does.   In a Senate that is nearly equally divided between Republicans and  Democrats, this is the only productive way forward for us to address  the challenges that face this country. Too often we have seen people  use bipartisan negotiations as a last resort, but bipartisanship should  be the Senate's first resort, not the last resort. It should be the  foundation of our work in this body. This is how the great majority of  Americans want us to conduct the Senate's business.   When I travel around New Hampshire, this is the consistent comment I  hear everywhere I go: Why can't you all work together to get things  done for this country? This is especially true on matters like  healthcare and tax reform, which affect families throughout the  country.   I am encouraged that the Alexander-Murray bill has earned strong  bipartisan support and, as Senator Alexander said, has 24 original  cosponsors. That number is equally divided between Republicans and  Democrats. This is a balanced agreement that has been negotiated by  both parties over many months, and I think it is our best bet for  stabilizing marketplaces in the short run so we can continue to work on  long-term issues around healthcare.   I am especially pleased this agreement provides for the continuation  of cost-sharing reduction payments for 2 years. These payments are  necessary to keep premiums, deductibles, and copayments affordable for  working people. Without these payments, the cost of coverage will  skyrocket, insurers will leave the marketplaces, and millions of people  will lose their healthcare coverage. I have been working on this issue  of cost-saving reduction payments since earlier this year, when I  introduced a bill that would permanently appropriate funds for the  CSRs.    As the CBO said, the language in the Alexander-Murray bill ensures  that these CSRs are not a bailout to insurance companies, but they are  a way to help people with the cost of insurance. They are orderly  payments that are built into the law that will go directly to keeping  premiums, copays, and deductibles affordable for lower income  Americans. Both Democrats and Republicans recognize that these payments  are an orderly, necessary subsidy that keeps down the cost of health  coverage for everyday Americans. As Senator Alexander said, we saw that  these payments were in the bill the House voted for around healthcare,  and they were also in the Senate bill earlier this year.   In recent months, I have heard from hundreds of people across New  Hampshire about the enormous difference healthcare reform has made in  their lives. We are a small State; we have just about 1.3 million  people. Nearly 94,000 Granite Staters have gotten individual healthcare  coverage through the marketplaces. Nearly 50,000 have gotten coverage  thanks to the Medicaid expansion program in New Hampshire. That has  been a bipartisan effort, with a Republican legislature and a  Democratic Governor, to get that program in place, and it continues to  enjoy the support of the Republican legislature and the Republican  Governor.   Because of the Affordable Care Act's increased access to care, we  also have 11,000 Granite Staters who have substance use disorders and  who have been able to get treatment for the first time. New Hampshire  has the second highest rate of overdose deaths from the heroin and  opioid epidemic. Having treatment available through the expanded  Medicaid Program has made a difference for thousands of people in New  Hampshire and their families. Hundreds of thousands of Granite Staters  with preexisting conditions no longer face discrimination resulting in  denial or sky-high premiums. These are important achievements, and this  legislation will allow us to continue down that road to make sure  people have healthcare coverage they can afford.   For people across New Hampshire and across this country, healthcare  coverage is often a matter of life or death. It is about being able to  take a sick family member to a doctor. It is about knowing that a  serious illness will not leave a mountain of debt.   I am very pleased to be able to join in the bipartisan efforts led by  Senators Alexander and Murray to strengthen the parts of the healthcare  law that are working and to fix what is not working. The other  provisions in this legislation will allow States more flexibility  through the 1332 waiver process. The Alexander-Murray agreement  expedites waiver approval so States can implement smart fixes to  stabilize their marketplaces, for instance, by establishing a State- based reinsurance program. The agreement also includes a restoration of  funding for open enrollment outreach in educational activities, and it  protects four protections related to insurance affordability, coverage,  and plan comprehensiveness. All of these changes are positive steps  forward, steps that I hope will set us on a bipartisan path,  strengthening elements of the Affordable Care Act that are working well  and fixing elements that need to be changed.   I am hopeful the Alexander-Murray agreement can gain the bipartisan  support it needs to pass in Congress, that it can gain the President's  signature, and I am encouraged by Senator Alexander's comments about  the President's comments yesterday because we need to restore certainty  and stability to the marketplaces. Instead of partisan efforts to  undermine the law and take health insurance away from people, we should  embrace the spirit of the Alexander-Murray agreement. Let's work  together in a good-faith, bipartisan effort to build a healthcare  system that leaves no American behind.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   