 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be our next U.S. Supreme Court  Justice. Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution entrusts Members of  the Senate with a responsibility vital to our democracy: providing  advice and consent on the President's Supreme Court nominees.   The significance of this task cannot be overstated, and it is one  that I take very seriously. Days after President Trump nominated Judge  Gorsuch to fill the late Justice Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court, I  shared the qualities that I wanted to see in a Justice. They included a  strong commitment to the rule of law, first-rate credentials, and a  solid judicial record. The time has come to determine whether the  nominee meets those criteria.   After meeting personally with Judge Gorsuch, watching his  confirmation hearing, and evaluating his background and legal record, I  believe that answer is a resounding ``yes.'' Judge Gorsuch's  credentials are exemplary. He has an extraordinary resume and a  brilliant mind. For 10 years he has served on the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Tenth Circuit. The Senate confirmed him to this position by  unanimous consent in 2006. No rollcall vote was needed because all 100  Members supported the nomination.   To date, Judge Gorsuch has decided 2,700 cases, and 99 percent of the  time he sided with the majority. He has offered opinions in 800 of  those cases, and 98 percent of the decisions in these cases were  unanimous. This record tells us something important: He is well within  the mainstream. It is why he has gained the respect of prominent  attorneys on the right and on the left. Several of my Democratic  colleagues have made similar observations.   Senator Donnelly recently said that he would support Judge Gorsuch's  nomination because ``he is a qualified jurist who will base his  decisions on his understanding of the law.''   Similarly, Senator Heitkamp indicated that she would vote to confirm  Judge Gorsuch because ``he has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and  well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law.''   My colleagues have it right. A Justice should be a follower of the  Constitution, not a trailblazer or an advocate. His or her role is to  interpret and uphold the laws, not to create them. Judge Gorsuch  understands this. He takes it seriously.   In his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee,  Gorsuch emphasized the importance of judicial precedent and a fair  approach to the law. He said: ``I come here with no agenda but one . .  . to be as good and faithful a judge as I know how to be.'' Similarly,  in a private meeting in my office, the judge promised to ``follow the  law, wherever it may lead.''   Judge Gorsuch recognizes the pivotal but limited role that the  Constitution allows judges to play in our Republic. During long days of  testimony at his confirmation hearing, he made clear that while  legislators answer to the people, a judge answers only to the law. At  the same time, Judge Gorsuch said that he interprets his judicial oath  as a promise to ``make sure that every person, poor or rich, mighty or  meek, gets equal protection of the law.''   ``Equality before the law'' is Nebraska's State motto. It represents  the commitment Nebraskans made 150 years ago when we entered the Union.  That principle remains strong today. It should be a cornerstone of  judicial philosophy for any nominee to our Nation's highest Court. It  is why the words ``Equal Justice Under Law'' are engraved on the front  of the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch is dedicated to this principle. He  is committed to applying the laws neutrally, equally, and fairly to all  people.   Some of my Democratic colleagues are saying that Judge Gorsuch is out  of the mainstream. They argue that he will not look out for the little  guy. They are prepared to take the unprecedented and extreme step of  filibustering this nomination. This would be the first successful  totally partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court Justice in the history  of the U.S. Senate.   Let me share some of the facts about this institution. In our  country's history, no Cabinet nominees have ever been denied their  appointments by a Senate filibuster. In our country's history, no  Federal district court judges have ever been denied their seats by a  Senate filibuster.   The first time a filibuster was used to defeat a judicial nomination  was for a Circuit Court judge, Miguel Estrada, who was nominated by  President George W. Bush to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC  Circuit.   In our country's history, the filibuster has been invoked only to  block a Supreme Court nominee. It was in 1968, and a threatened  bipartisan filibuster by Republicans and Democrats prevented Associate  Justice Fortas from becoming Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. The  nominee ended up withdrawing because of ethical concerns. Two sitting  members of the Supreme Court were confirmed by fewer than 60 votes on  an up-or-down vote, but neither one was the subject of a filibuster.   A filibuster of this nominee sets a dangerous precedent and  undermines the reputation of this institution. Judge Gorsuch will make  an excellent Supreme Court Justice. The American people deserve to have  him on the bench. I look forward to voting in support of Judge  Gorsuch's nomination to serve as our next Supreme Court Justice. And I  urge my Senate colleagues to do the same.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   