 Mr. President, this past Sunday was the 44th  anniversary of Roe v. Wade. I wish to take a moment to reflect on how  far we have come since the Supreme Court decision.   Because of Roe v. Wade, American women for the last 44 years have had  the right, the freedom, the privacy to make their own decisions about  their own bodies with their doctors and with their families, without  the Federal Government barging its way into the conversation and  telling them what they can or can't do with their own bodies.   Roe v. Wade was one of the most important Supreme Court decisions in  the history of women's rights in this Nation, but it was only a start.  In the 44 years since, we have made so much progress with women's  health, and much of that progress has to do with what we accomplished  in the Affordable Care Act.   Millions of American women now have access to health care coverage  that used to be extremely difficult and expensive for a lot of women to  get. Millions of American women now have access to affordable  preventive health care services, including contraception, birth  control, STD screenings, mammograms, breastfeeding support and  supplies, and cervical cancer screenings, and since the Affordable Care  Act was passed, the number of unwanted pregnancies has gone down, in  part, because more women have access to affordable contraception.   There is no doubt that American women have better access to safe and  affordable health care because of Roe v. Wade and the Affordable Care  Act, but some of my colleagues are committed to turning back the clock  on women's health and taking away women's access to this lifesaving  care. They are doing everything in their power to get rid of the  Affordable Care Act, and they are determined to see Roe v. Wade get  overturned.   One of President Trump's first Executive orders was so extreme that  it would take away funding for any international organizations that  even talk about whether a woman might want to terminate a pregnancy. We  should never let this happen. If we take away women's access to the  health care they need, it would be devastating--even life-threatening-- for millions of American women.   This weekend, a massive group of women and men and children joined  together in women's marches across the globe. They were there to speak  out, to be heard, to protest some of these issues that would deeply  affect American families and women in particular. I was so proud to  march with them. I was inspired by them--their passion, their  determination, and their commitment to never give up.   The women's marches were truly the biggest outpouring of support and  activism I have seen in my lifetime and certainly that we have seen in  this generation. They were loud and clear statements that we will not  let the government dictate to us how we should manage these most  personal decisions--when you are going to have a family, how big your  family is going to be. Those are decisions that are made by husbands  and wives, by spouses all across this country about what their family  is going to look like.   I urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to listen to the millions  of Americans, the millions of women who would like to make those  decisions themselves, who would like to choose their health care, who  would not like to be charged more just because they are women, who  would not like to see their health care coverage dropped the minute  they become pregnant, who would not like to be told: You have a  preexisting condition and we will not cover you. That is what we go  back to.   We have to fight for the Affordable Care Act, and we have to make  sure the Supreme Court does not overturn Roe v. Wade. Listen to your  constituents. These marches weren't just in New York; they were in  every State across the country. These marches were real, they were  powerful, they were determined, and these men and women want to be  heard.   Members of Congress, I hope you are listening to them. That is our  job, to represent our country. Their voices must be heard. We shall not  ignore them.   I yield the floor.   