 Madam President, today is a glorious day. It is a great  day for this country because we and my colleagues, I believe, will  confirm Heather Wilson to be Secretary of the Air Force.   There are many reasons why it is appropriate for Heather Wilson to be  Secretary of the Air Force. She has Air Force in her DNA. Her father  Doug was an Air Force veteran and commercial pilot. Her grandfather  flew for Britain's Royal Flying Corps in World War I before coming to  the United States and serving as a courier pilot during World War II.   Heather was to be no different. She was a junior in high school when  the Air Force Academy started accepting women. She applied and was  appointed there to be part of the Academy's third class with women. She  also became the first woman to command basic training and the first  woman vice wing commander.   After college she thought she was going to flight school, but those  plans changed because she answered the call and was awarded the very  prestigious Rhodes Scholarship. It was only the sixth year that women  were permitted to apply for a Rhodes Scholarship, and she was a  collegiate rower there and earned a master's degree and a doctorate in  international relations.   Heather's assignments and accomplishments are many. During her  service she was a negotiator and political adviser to the U.S. Air  Force in England and a planning officer for NATO in Belgium, where she  worked on arms control negotiations.   Heather left the Air Force because she heeded another call to serve  as the Director of European Defense Policy and Arms Control on the  staff of the National Security Council. I know she worked very closely  with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during the Presidency  of George H.W. Bush, the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the collapse of  the Warsaw Pact.   Heather has always been on an upward trajectory. She left government  and started her own company advising defense and scientific  corporations, but public service has always called Heather back. In  1995 she was asked to be the cabinet secretary of the New Mexico  Children, Youth and Families Department, where she oversaw foster care,  adoption, early childhood education, children's mental health, and the  juvenile justice system. From there, again, public service kept calling  her, and she was elected to the House of Representatives in 1998,  becoming the first woman to represent New Mexico since the 1940s and  the first female veteran elected to a full term in the U.S. Congress.   I met Heather Wilson in the House of Representatives. Her time on the  Hill included service on the U.S. House Committee on Armed Services and  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I was lucky enough to  serve with Heather, to learn from her and from her incredible depth of  knowledge, her certainty--Heather is so certain--and her ability to cut  through the politics to do what is right for the country. I heard  Heather give many speeches on the House floor, and they were always  through the frame of what is in the best interests of the United  States.   So after she left Congress she founded another company before she was  selected as president of the South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology, and she is there now serving as the school's first female  President. My condolences go to the South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology because duty is calling Heather Wilson back to Washington to  be our Secretary of the Air Force.   There are a lot of firsts in Heather's life. Senator Pete Domenici,  to whom Heather felt very close, once called Heather ``the most  brilliantly qualified House candidate anywhere in the country.''   I say Heather is a brilliantly qualified designee to be Secretary of  the Air Force. She has always been not only an incredible intellectual  and a strong leader, but she is also a very warm, welcoming, and kind  person. We became good friends and remain so to this day. She is a  leader. She is a spouse. She is a mother of two wonderful children, a  pilot, and a veteran. So I am excited about the prospect of Heather's  returning to Washington to become our Secretary of the Air Force.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam President, Heather Wilson was one of the first  women to graduate from the U.S. Air Force Academy and the third  generation of her family to serve in the Air Force. She was one of the  pioneers of gender integration of the modern Air Force. Even so, her  track record in public service and the private sector after her Air  Force career raises concerns.   While serving as the Representative from New Mexico's First District,  Ms. Wilson admitted to telephoning the U.S. Attorney in Albuquerque to  pressure him on an ongoing corruption investigation of State Democrats,  in violation of House ethics rules.   Ms. Wilson was paid $450,000 between 2009 and 2013 through a Lockheed  Martin subsidiary for consulting work for Sandia National Laboratory.  The Government Accountability Office criticized the lab for not having  adequate documentation of the work that she performed, and Lockheed  Martin ultimately paid $4.7 million to settle charges that it had paid  a lobbyist with taxpayer funds. Ethics laws prohibited Ms. Wilson from  lobbying within a year of serving in Congress. Ms. Wilson failed to  list her business relationship with Sandia Labs in her financial  disclosure filings. In spite of this, she claims that she did nothing  wrong.   During her unsuccessful run for the Senate, Ms. Wilson claimed that  legislation intended to reduce bullying of LGBTQ children was a  violation of religious freedom. She argued that the correct response  was not to punish bullies, but to ``strengthen our children to be more  comfortable with themselves.'' She has steadfastly refused to support  Federal nondiscrimination protections for the LGBTQ community.   The core values of the Air Force are, integrity first, service before  self, and excellence in all we do. In spite of her career as an Air  Force officer, Ms. Wilson has not demonstrated the unflinching  commitment to integrity that we  [[Page S2794]]  demand of our men and women in uniform. She has compromised ethics  rules in Congress, accepted pay for questionable work that was ill- defined and can't be fully documented, and failed to show that she is  willing to stand up for all serving in uniform, regardless of their  sexual orientation.   For these reasons, I cannot support Ms. Wilson's nomination to be  24th Secretary of the Air Force.    Madam President, today is a glorious day. It is a great  day for this country because we and my colleagues, I believe, will  confirm Heather Wilson to be Secretary of the Air Force.   There are many reasons why it is appropriate for Heather Wilson to be  Secretary of the Air Force. She has Air Force in her DNA. Her father  Doug was an Air Force veteran and commercial pilot. Her grandfather  flew for Britain's Royal Flying Corps in World War I before coming to  the United States and serving as a courier pilot during World War II.   Heather was to be no different. She was a junior in high school when  the Air Force Academy started accepting women. She applied and was  appointed there to be part of the Academy's third class with women. She  also became the first woman to command basic training and the first  woman vice wing commander.   After college she thought she was going to flight school, but those  plans changed because she answered the call and was awarded the very  prestigious Rhodes Scholarship. It was only the sixth year that women  were permitted to apply for a Rhodes Scholarship, and she was a  collegiate rower there and earned a master's degree and a doctorate in  international relations.   Heather's assignments and accomplishments are many. During her  service she was a negotiator and political adviser to the U.S. Air  Force in England and a planning officer for NATO in Belgium, where she  worked on arms control negotiations.   Heather left the Air Force because she heeded another call to serve  as the Director of European Defense Policy and Arms Control on the  staff of the National Security Council. I know she worked very closely  with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during the Presidency  of George H.W. Bush, the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the collapse of  the Warsaw Pact.   Heather has always been on an upward trajectory. She left government  and started her own company advising defense and scientific  corporations, but public service has always called Heather back. In  1995 she was asked to be the cabinet secretary of the New Mexico  Children, Youth and Families Department, where she oversaw foster care,  adoption, early childhood education, children's mental health, and the  juvenile justice system. From there, again, public service kept calling  her, and she was elected to the House of Representatives in 1998,  becoming the first woman to represent New Mexico since the 1940s and  the first female veteran elected to a full term in the U.S. Congress.   I met Heather Wilson in the House of Representatives. Her time on the  Hill included service on the U.S. House Committee on Armed Services and  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I was lucky enough to  serve with Heather, to learn from her and from her incredible depth of  knowledge, her certainty--Heather is so certain--and her ability to cut  through the politics to do what is right for the country. I heard  Heather give many speeches on the House floor, and they were always  through the frame of what is in the best interests of the United  States.   So after she left Congress she founded another company before she was  selected as president of the South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology, and she is there now serving as the school's first female  President. My condolences go to the South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology because duty is calling Heather Wilson back to Washington to  be our Secretary of the Air Force.   There are a lot of firsts in Heather's life. Senator Pete Domenici,  to whom Heather felt very close, once called Heather ``the most  brilliantly qualified House candidate anywhere in the country.''   I say Heather is a brilliantly qualified designee to be Secretary of  the Air Force. She has always been not only an incredible intellectual  and a strong leader, but she is also a very warm, welcoming, and kind  person. We became good friends and remain so to this day. She is a  leader. She is a spouse. She is a mother of two wonderful children, a  pilot, and a veteran. So I am excited about the prospect of Heather's  returning to Washington to become our Secretary of the Air Force.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam President, Heather Wilson was one of the first  women to graduate from the U.S. Air Force Academy and the third  generation of her family to serve in the Air Force. She was one of the  pioneers of gender integration of the modern Air Force. Even so, her  track record in public service and the private sector after her Air  Force career raises concerns.   While serving as the Representative from New Mexico's First District,  Ms. Wilson admitted to telephoning the U.S. Attorney in Albuquerque to  pressure him on an ongoing corruption investigation of State Democrats,  in violation of House ethics rules.   Ms. Wilson was paid $450,000 between 2009 and 2013 through a Lockheed  Martin subsidiary for consulting work for Sandia National Laboratory.  The Government Accountability Office criticized the lab for not having  adequate documentation of the work that she performed, and Lockheed  Martin ultimately paid $4.7 million to settle charges that it had paid  a lobbyist with taxpayer funds. Ethics laws prohibited Ms. Wilson from  lobbying within a year of serving in Congress. Ms. Wilson failed to  list her business relationship with Sandia Labs in her financial  disclosure filings. In spite of this, she claims that she did nothing  wrong.   During her unsuccessful run for the Senate, Ms. Wilson claimed that  legislation intended to reduce bullying of LGBTQ children was a  violation of religious freedom. She argued that the correct response  was not to punish bullies, but to ``strengthen our children to be more  comfortable with themselves.'' She has steadfastly refused to support  Federal nondiscrimination protections for the LGBTQ community.   The core values of the Air Force are, integrity first, service before  self, and excellence in all we do. In spite of her career as an Air  Force officer, Ms. Wilson has not demonstrated the unflinching  commitment to integrity that we  [[Page S2794]]  demand of our men and women in uniform. She has compromised ethics  rules in Congress, accepted pay for questionable work that was ill- defined and can't be fully documented, and failed to show that she is  willing to stand up for all serving in uniform, regardless of their  sexual orientation.   For these reasons, I cannot support Ms. Wilson's nomination to be  24th Secretary of the Air Force.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   