 Mr. President, thank you.   I come to the floor today to urge my colleagues to vote no on the  nomination that we will vote on shortly.   On the campaign trail, President Trump promised to put workers first.  Instead, President Trump's administration has rolled back worker  protections and prioritized corporate interests at the expense of  workers.   It is critical, now more than ever, that the NLRB remain independent  and committed to advocating for workers and their right to organize,  but I am deeply concerned that President Trump's nominee, Mr. Kaplan,  does not have a record of supporting the rights of workers and unions.   At his nomination hearing, Mr. Kaplan confused basic labor issues and  decisions, further proving he lacks the knowledge and experience to  serve on this important board. NLRB members should be committed to  standing up for workers, and it is clear Mr. Kaplan does not make the  cut.   I urge my colleagues to join me in doing what President Trump has  failed to do, and that is to put workers first. Vote against this  nomination.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to stand up for  the workers President Trump is failing. As a candidate running for  President, Mr. Trump promised workers that he would put them first and  that he would bring back good-paying, respectable jobs to their  communities, but since day one, President Trump has done the exact  opposite. He has rolled back worker protections and made it harder for  families to be more secure.   Now, this doesn't come as a surprise to me, especially when I look at  President Trump's record as a businessman. I have to say that he has  refused to allow even his own hotel workers to organize or join a  union, preventing them from having the opportunity to better advocate  for safer working conditions and better pay.   We all know that strong unions have helped to create our middle  class, and for many working families in the 20th century, a good union  job, or the right to collective bargaining, helped them move up the  economic ladder. But over the past few decades, we have seen a decline  in unions and union membership across the country. As a result of that,  our economy has started to favor corporations and those at the top.  This paved the way for President Trump and billionaires like him to  take advantage of their workers, with little recourse for everyday  people who are the backbone of our country.   The National Labor Relations Board gives workers the opportunity to  file charges against corporations when they are illegally fired or when  corporations retaliate against workers for exercising their rights.  President Trump should be familiar with the NLRB, as his own businesses  have had complaints filed numerous times. That is precisely why it is  so important that the Board is independent and is committed to  advocating for workers and their right to organize.   The preamble of the National Labor Relations Act clearly states that  it is the policy of the United States to encourage collective  bargaining and to give workers a voice, allowing them to speak up for  fair wages and safe working conditions. It is the responsibility of the  NLRB to ensure that workers are being treated fairly and to resolve  disputes between corporate management and workers.   So it is clear to me that Board members should believe in the core  mission that I just stated of the NLRB and should be committed to  standing up for workers and their right to collective bargaining, which  is exactly why I have very serious concerns about Mr. Marvin Kaplan's  record, which has largely been in opposition to the work and mission of  the NLRB.   As a labor staffer in the House of Representatives, Mr. Kaplan  prepared and staffed hearings where Republicans consistently attacked  the NLRB. In fact, I would be hard-pressed to name a single example of  Mr. Kaplan supporting the rights of workers and unions.   In addition to Mr. Kaplan's opposition to the core mission of the  Board, I also have deep reservations about Mr. Kaplan's lack of legal  experience practicing before the NLRB. When I asked Mr. Kaplan about  his lack of practical qualifications, his responses were telling: Have  you ever represented a party, employer, or a union in an unfair labor  practice case or representation case before the Board? No. Have you  ever represented a worker in an employment matter? No.   What is more, when asked to speak on the pressing questions facing  the Board at his confirmation hearing, he actually confused basic labor  issues and decisions, further calling into question whether he has the  experience and knowledge to serve on this critically important Board.   This is not a difficult concept for workers across the country to  grasp. If you are not qualified for a job that is this important or if  you want to undermine the basic goals of the law, you shouldn't get the  job.   So I will be voting no on Mr. Kaplan's confirmation. I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle want to strengthen  our economy and rebuild our middle class. So I hope we can stand with  working families across the country who today are simply asking for a  fair shot.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   