 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, since Hurricane Harvey wrought historic flooding in  Texas, 12 major disasters have been declared. From a hurricane that  damaged large swaths of Florida, storms that annihilated Puerto Rico  and the Virgin Islands, and wildfires burning in the West, Americans  deserve certainty the Federal Government will stand by them in their  time of need. This is particularly important after the President  threatened to abandon Puerto Rico in his latest Twitter this morning.   Congress cannot turn its back on recovery, no matter how reckless the  President's outburst may be, as Americans are suffering and simply  trying to survive. This package provides critical disaster relief,  flood insurance aid, and help for communities devastated by wildfires.    Puerto Rico would be aided by provisions to address its liquidity  crisis by facilitating recovery, not paying creditors, and providing  additional nutrition assistance. Additionally, the bill would continue  aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands from the Department of  Defense.   However, more must be done to provide medium- and long-term  investments, including rebuilding ports, coastlines, airports, roads,  bridges, repairing the electrical grid and other infrastructure, and  ensuring the health needs of American citizens are met.   I urge your support for this bill and your continued focus on  ensuring the full recovery of American communities devastated by  natural disasters.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Serrano), the distinguished ranking member of the Commerce,  Justice, Science Appropriations Subcommittee.   (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Roybal-Allard), the ranking member of  the Homeland Security Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the ranking member of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.   (Ms. McCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the ranking  member of the Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez), the ranking member of the Small Business  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the Democratic whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  the Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett), who I believe just returned.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Maxine Waters), the ranking member of the Committee on  Financial Services.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), a senior member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here with my partner, our  chairman, Mr. Frelinghuysen. I know that he understands, as we all do,  this is not a Republican or Democratic issue. This is our  responsibility, to face the tremendous challenge that we see: people  are suffering, schools are closed, more than three-quarters of the  island does not have any energy, no clean water, need for food, need  for basic services.   I am very pleased to work with the chairman of the committee, Mr.  Frelinghuysen, and I know that we will both be going to the island of  Puerto Rico to actually see firsthand what has to be done, and it is  clear it has to be done now.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   