 Mr. President, today, with my colleague Senator  Cantwell, I wish to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the  construction and operation of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks, more  commonly known in Washington State as the Ballard Locks. The Ballard  Locks are not just symbolic of our region's rich maritime history, but  a century later, they remain vital to the economy, public safety,  environment, and more in Puget Sound.   As early as the 1850s, settlers in Puget Sound recognized the  benefits of connecting the region's freshwater lakes to the saltwater  of Puget Sound. Shortly thereafter, the U.S. Navy expressed interest.  Ultimately, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Army Corps, initiated  planning for the locks in the late 1890s and work began in earnest  under Hiram M. Chittenden, the Seattle district engineer for the Army  Corps from April 1906 to September 1908. Construction began in 1911  after the locks received approval from Congress, and the Ballard Locks  were formally opened for vessel traffic on July 4, 1917.   The Ballard Locks enable commercial and recreational vessels to  travel to the docks, shipyards, warehouses, maintenance and repair  facilities, and marinas in the region's freshwater lakes while also  reducing maintenance costs and prolonging vessel life in the freshwater  environment. The importance of the locks is underscored by their annual  usage. Each year, the Ballard Locks support 45,000 vessel transits and  14,000 lockage counts, which makes them the busiest lock in the United  States in overall vessel traffic. If you only count commercial vessels  from fishing fleets to oceangoing freight shippers and more, the  Ballard Locks are the 12th busiest in the Nation.    Mr. President, like other infrastructure across  Washington State and the Nation, the Ballard Locks are showing their  age. Senator Cantwell and I commend the Army Corps for its work to  restore and modernize the locks, and we are doing our part in Congress  to support these efforts. Year after year, we work to help Presidential  administrations understand the critical importance of the Army Corps'  work, and we make sure budgets actually reflect that need. We stand  ready to continue to work with our partners in Puget Sound to complete  the necessary repairs and upgrades of the Ballard Locks, as our  regional economy and the more than 200 businesses that rely upon the  locks cannot afford an extended, unplanned closure.   