 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to ask my colleagues to support  the bill that is in front of us, S. 89, which will allow the historic  Delta Queen paddle wheeler to return to operation on the Mississippi  and Ohio Rivers.   This bill is supported by the National Trust for Historic  Preservation, the Seafarers International Union of North America, along  with a whole lot of excited people who live in Kimmswick, MO, where  this boat will have its home base.   The Delta Queen is an important piece of history. The vessel connects  us to a time before railroads and highways, when rivers were key  arteries of travel and commerce in this country. It was first placed on  the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and was designated as  a national historic landmark in 1989.   The Delta Queen's steel hull was originally built in pieces in  Scotland and then was assembled in Stockton, CA, in 1926, until the  beginning of World War II, when it ferried passengers between  Sacramento and San Francisco. During the war, she was acquired by the  U.S. Navy to support its operations in the San Francisco Bay. Following  the war, she was taken to Cincinnati, where she took passengers up and  down the river system for the next 60 years.   Three different U.S. Presidents have sailed on the Delta Queen-- Herbert Hoover, Missouri's own Harry Truman, and Jimmy Carter. In fact,  President Carter went on a week-long campaign tour on the vessel in  1979, along the Upper Mississippi.   For years, this vessel was home-ported in Cincinnati and was later  used as a hotel in Chattanooga. Should the bill before us be enacted,  the Delta Queen will be home-ported in Kimmswick, MO, just south of St.  Louis. There, its operations will create more than 170 jobs and have an  economic impact of more than $36 million, which is a big impact for one  boat in a small community.   The bill before the Senate today would reinstate the exemption that  the Delta Queen repeatedly received in the past when it was  grandfathered from regulations that occurred in 1966, which prevented  wooden boats from having passengers overnight. Congress repeatedly  renewed this waiver from 1968 to 2008 and recognized that these  regulations were primarily designed for ships on the high seas and that  this ship was a link to an important time period in American history.   Over the 40 years that the Delta Queen had its exemption, it operated  without incident, but the exemption was allowed to expire in 2008. S.  89 adds a new number of safety provisions as a condition of the waiver,  making it a very strong improvement over every previous waiver that was  issued by Congress during that time period.   I will not go through the long list of safety requirements that are  contained in this legislation. Suffice it to say that they must alter  the boat; they must protect the engine and boiler systems with non- flammable materials, and they must receive special training.   The owner cannot disclaim any liability for any crewmember's or  passenger's injury or death.   The Coast Guard has to conduct an annual audit and inspection of the  vessel. In order to receive the waiver, the vessel must have the  boilers and generators that meet current Coast Guard standards, which  means that the current owners of the boat are going to invest millions  in order to bring it up to the safety standards that are necessary for  today's traveling public. It has to have noncombustible enclosures that  are equipped with fire suppression systems, and multiple forms of  egress are provided off the vessel's bow and stern.   It is also reiterated in this legislation that the Coast Guard has  the authority to immediately withdraw its certification of inspection  for the owners' failure to comply with any requirement in this bill, in  addition to other penalties permitted by law.   In short, we have taken important steps to make this historic piece  of riverboat history safe for the traveling public. Frankly, I think  people need to remember the lengths to which we go in restoring and  preserving historic buildings in this country. We do not make them tear  them down. Rather, we make them comply with certain safety standards.  We treasure the fact that we are saving historic buildings all over  this country.  [[Page S2168]]    This is saving a historic vessel. It is very important that we save  this vessel not only for what it represents to our country but also for  what it means in jobs and economic activity to an important area of the  State that I love to call home.   I thank Senators Brown, Blunt, Boozman, Cassidy, Cotton, Kennedy, and  Portman, who joined me in introducing this legislation, and Chairman  Thune and Ranking Member Nelson, who have been so helpful in moving it  through the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee.   I know it is a phrase that we like to use around here and that  sometimes it is not true, but this really is a bipartisan effort. This  really is an example of people coming together who have common sense in  order to put a boat back on the river that means a lot to history, that  means a lot to the traveling public, and that uses common sense in  addressing safety concerns that are necessary because of the historic  nature of the boat.   I ask that all of my colleagues support this bill and return the  Delta Queen to her rightful place on the Mighty Mississippi.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   