 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for  being co-chair of the Women's Caucus and for being an amazing mother.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to illustrate the importance of 100 years  of women in Congress.   On April 2, 1917, Jeannette Rankin from Montana was sworn in as the  first woman ever to serve in Congress. Her life was filled with  extraordinary achievements, and she was one of the few suffragists  elected to Congress and the only Member of Congress to vote against the  U.S. participation in both World War I and World War II.   She has said that ``I may be the first woman,'' but we all know she  said ``I won't be the last,'' holding the door open for all of us to  follow behind her.   While we have a long way to go for women representing Congress, in  2017, we are in the company of 104 amazing women in Congress. We are 19  percent of the 535 Members who serve. Thirty-eight of the 104 women in  Congress are women of color: 18 African Americans, 10 Latinos, nine  Asian Pacific Islanders, and one multiracial Member.   In 1951, Ruth Thompson, a longtime lawyer and judge, became the first  woman to represent my home State of Michigan in Congress. She was the  first woman to serve on the House Judiciary Committee.   Since then, we have had nine more female Members from Michigan,  including myself. I am proud to be in the 115th Congress to stand  alongside Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and Senator Debbie Stabenow. We  work together for the Michigan delegation and the Congressional  delegation to advance the concerns of women and issues in our great  State.   I also want to recognize a woman that truly I stand on her shoulders,  and that was the first African-American woman to serve in Congress,  Shirley Chisholm.   So we have, in our history of Congress, so many women who paved the  way, opened doors, and have been role models not only for us standing  here today but for women all over the country.   I will work with my colleagues across the aisle to see that the  concerns of women are addressed and to continue increasing our  representation in local government.   In the words of Representative Rankin, we are half of the people, and  we should be half of Congress.    Mr. Speaker, it is a great example of how we work  together. I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for her leadership.   