 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kennedy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kennedy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this is a critical moment in our Nation's  history--a moment when partisanship should be set to the side, politics  should be put on hold, and every Member of this Chamber should focus on  what they can do to ensure the integrity of our justice system and the  integrity of our executive branch. Nothing less is at stake, and none  of us here should forget that.   For months, the questions surrounding President Trump's campaign's  ties to Russia--what happened, who was involved, and why--have gone  unanswered. The more information that comes out, the more suspicious it  all looks. And the more that President Trump tries to douse the flame  by firing the people looking at where the smoke is coming from, the  more we are going to keep paying attention, because the bottom line is  that there are so many questions--real questions, legitimate  questions--that absolutely need to be answered.   Many of us have pushed for these answers. We have called for an  independent investigation. We had hoped that President Trump would  resist the urge to slow them down or stop them or cover anything up.  But the time for the back-and-forth is over. The time for hoping is  behind us, and the time for all of us to come together and speak with  one voice for truth and against any kind of coverup is now.  [[Page S2874]]    What happened yesterday was truly shocking, and this is coming from  someone who didn't think that was possible anymore with this President.   But if anyone was wavering before, if anyone wanted to give this  administration just a bit more time, I am hoping they have been paying  attention to the events of the past 24 hours because it is hard to stay  on the fence now.   President Trump's firing the head of the FBI like that--in such a  haphazard way--in the middle of an investigation into his own  campaigning activities should be the last straw for anyone. So right  now it could not be more clear.   It is time for a special prosecutor who can run an independent  investigation, far from the reach of President Trump and his  administration, to take the case and finally get the answers the  American public deserves.   At the same time, our efforts here in Congress--especially the  investigation in the Intelligence Committee--have to continue, and they  need to continue in an independent and bipartisan way.   As I mentioned before, this isn't about politics. It shouldn't be,  anyway. This is about the integrity of our election, of our national  security, of our justice system, of our Presidency, of America's  standing in the world.   No Member of Congress, no matter what their political affiliation,  should stand in the way of a thorough investigation, and neither should  the President of the United States.   Mr. Trump may think he can bully his way to a lucrative real estate  deal or bully the press or bully his way into the White House; that he  can fire anyone, including the Deputy Attorney General, a U.S.  attorney, or the FBI Director, if they dare to get in his way or  investigate his wrongdoing, but President Trump should not--he cannot-- bully his way out of an investigation, especially not when so much is  at stake.   More than 100 days into his term, President Trump may have forgotten  that he promised to be a voice for millions of people across our  country. But I haven't forgotten whom I represent, and I stand here  today to lift up the voices of so many people in my home State of  Washington who are calling on us to get the answers--people who care  about our country, who know we can do better, who hate to see us  spiraling toward situations we have not seen since President Nixon.   As of noon today, my office had been flooded with hundreds of calls.  The phones are ringing off the hook. On the other end of the line are  the people we represent. They are picking up the phone and trying to  get through to every one of us in the Senate. They want answers, and  they deserve them.   So let's get to the bottom of this, once and for all, for the people  we represent and for the integrity of our elections and our very  democracy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   