 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss problems that affect  almost every aspect of our everyday life no matter who we are, where we  live, our level of income, or any other distinction that might be  possible to make. These problems have to do with America's surface  transportation system.   Like most Nebraskans, I believe infrastructure is a core duty of the  Federal Government. It represents investment in our economy, public  safety, and national security. In the Senate, much of my work has been  focused on removing unnecessary obstacles to the flow of goods,  materials, and, most importantly, people along our Nation's surface  transportation networks. Through legislation and with Executive orders,  we did lower the coefficient of friction on these systems. We can lower  that enough that people and products can get where they need to go  quicker and at a lower cost. I have been proud to support several  pieces of legislation to do just that.   In 2015, Congress passed the Fixing America's Surface Transportation  Act--the FAST Act. It was our first long-term highway bill in more than  a decade. As chairman of the Surface Transportation Subcommittee in the  Senate, I was glad to help steer it to final passage.   I am also proud to have authored a significant number of its  provisions. For example, the bill includes a new national strategic  freight program that provides every State with annual guaranteed  funding. Because of the freight program, States will have greater  flexibility to work with key stakeholders and local officials to  develop strategic investments in transportation. The program funnels  transportation funds to States and allows them to decide on their terms  how to use it. By dedicating funding for rural and urban freight  corridors, the program enhances the flow of commercial traffic, and it  increases safety on our Nation's roads.   The true beauty of this program is that it offers States the  opportunity to make critical investments to best meet their specific  geographic and their specific infrastructure needs. Nebraska can elect  to invest in a rail grade crossing or a truck parking lot along a rural  road. California could choose to invest in ondock rail projects at our  Nation's largest port complex located just outside of Los Angeles. It  works for all States without leaving any behind.   The FAST Act was an important first step, but there is more to be  done. President Trump has spoken frequently about the need to invest in  our transportation infrastructure. Just yesterday, the administration  released a set of principles for reexamining how we do that. I am  encouraged to see these proposals that will give States greater  flexibility to develop our infrastructure as well as reduce unnecessary  regulations that delay these very important projects.   The proposal also talks about providing long-term solutions, which is  something I have long supported. This is critical for States to  develop, construct, and maintain infrastructure. Last week, at a Senate  Environment and Public Works Committee hearing, we heard an update from  Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao. She committed to working closely  with Congress as we continue to develop commonsense solutions for our  infrastructure needs. She outlined some of the proposals the Department  of Transportation is reviewing to include in this infrastructure  package. During that hearing--the Presiding Officer was there as well-- the Secretary told me she is committed to working closely with my  colleagues and me to develop a national infrastructure policy.   I also brought up the issue of delays due to burdensome regulations  like the National Environmental Policy Act permitting process that  directly affects Nebraska projects. To address these delays, the  Nebraska Unicameral unanimously passed legislation that would allow the  Nebraska Department of Roads to assume the NEPA permitting process.  NDOR has sent a letter to the Federal Highway Administration to begin  the implementation of this program, and that could take up to 18 months  to complete.    I asked the Secretary for an update on the progress of the  application, and she assured me the Department is following it closely.  She said: ``We know the issue, we are tracking it, and we will continue  to pay attention.'' Furthermore, Secretary Chao explained that the  administration ``will not specify any list of projects'' in an  infrastructure plan. States know their transportation needs best, not  the Federal Government. The larger the role States have from start to  finish in developing their own infrastructure, the more they can direct  funding to the projects that directly affect their citizens.   For the benefit of families across America in both our urban and our  rural areas, we need to look for out-of-the-box solutions to ensure  that our infrastructure is up to date. That is why I have introduced  the Build USA Infrastructure Act, which looks to solve two major  challenges to our transportation  [[Page S3109]]  system. The first is the near-term solvency of the highway trust fund's  expiration of the FAST Act in 2020. The second is a lack of flexibility  for States in starting and finishing major transportation  infrastructure projects.   According to the March 2016 Congressional Budget Office projections,  by the year 2026, the highway trust fund will face a cumulative  shortfall of approximately $107 billion. Meanwhile, we see construction  costs climbing. The rise in the use of electric and alternative-fuel  vehicles is causing trust fund revenues to fall. Heavy Federal  regulations continue to eat away at that purchasing power of the  highway trust fund.   America needs a new plan to successfully meet the looming highway  trust fund shortfall and to strengthen our transportation system. The  Build USA Infrastructure Act gives us a plan.   For 5 years following the expiration of the FAST Act, this  legislation would direct the U.S. Treasury to dedicate approximately  $21.4 billion in Customs and Border Patrol-collected fees and revenues  to the highway trust fund. Now, CBP revenue collections on freight,  cargo, and passengers include tariffs, duties, taxes, and user fees at  U.S. land, water, and air ports of entry. CBP revenues from these  sources amounted to nearly $46 billion in fiscal year 2015. Because of  their nature as charges on freight and travelers, Customs duties and  fees closely abide by the ``user pays'' principle that we look at in  transportation funding. According to CBP, the agency only utilizes $2  billion of that revenue for its operations, so the diversion of revenue  would not negatively impact CBP's operating budget. By using an  existing revenue stream which has a transportation nexus, we provide  stability to the highway trust fund without increasing fees or taxes,  and that is sound policy.   The Build USA Infrastructure Act also offers greater flexibility to  States so their limited highway dollars can go further for them. I  served 8 years in the Nebraska Legislature. I know our States,  counties, and cities face real challenges in starting and completing  infrastructure projects because of excessive procedural costs, delays,  and really an overall lack of transportation funding. According to the  Congressional Research Service, major Federal highway projects can take  as long as 14 years to complete from start to finish. It took less time  to build the Panama Canal, and we did that more than a century ago.   Greater flexibility, improved collaboration, and more autonomy can  help States begin and complete their vital infrastructure projects in  less time, which means lower costs. The Build USA Infrastructure Act  would let them do that through State remittance agreements. This  legislation would offer States more flexibility and control of  infrastructure funding by establishing a new partnership between them  and the U.S. Federal Highway Administration. Under this arrangement,  States are permitted to enter into voluntary remittance agreements  whereby they can remit 10 percent of their Federal aid highway dollars  in exchange for State purview over design, permitting, and construction  aspects of Federal aid highway projects. The State-remitted money to  the Federal Highway Administration would be deposited into the highway  trust fund to help further address its growing deficit. It would give  States breathing room as they work to bring in projects on time and on  budget.   I am so confident in this bill because I have seen these concepts  work at the State level. As a State senator in the Nebraska  Legislature, I introduced the Build Nebraska Act. It directed a quarter  of each cent of sales tax revenue toward maintaining Nebraska's roads  and bridges. Because of it, more than $1 billion will be available to  meet Nebraska's infrastructure needs over the next 17 years.   I also introduced legislation that tasked the Nebraska Department of  Roads with developing the Federal Funds Purchase Program. In exchange  for giving up a portion of Federal transportation dollars, Nebraska  counties and their towns can now receive funds with more reasonable  regulatory requirements. Because of this program, major Nebraska  transportation projects, such as the longstanding bridge replacement in  Buffalo County and a major arterial street in South Sioux City, are up  and running.   Investing in infrastructure means so much more than just adding a few  lines to a map. It means connecting our families and delivering goods  and services. In Nebraska's case, it means feeding the world. With  persistence and prudent planning, we can build for the future, we can  give greater economic opportunity to rising generations, and we can  connect communities--family to family, town to town, and coast to  coast.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   