 Madam President, before I begin, I wish to note my  disappointment about how rushed the consideration of this nominee has  been. Calls for a thorough investigation into Congressman Price's  ethically questionable and potentially illegal health trades have been  ignored.   Hundreds of questions HELP Committee Democrats asked Congressman  Price as part of the official committee process have gone unanswered,  and the vote to advance Congressman Price's nomination to the floor  took place without Democrats getting any notice--a clear break from  long-standing committee rules. Unfortunately, those are just a few of  the examples.   It is clear that Senate Republicans are doing everything they can to  protect President Trump's nominees from tough questions, which is only  helping him rig his Cabinet against workers and families. That is  really concerning, especially on issues as critical as our families'  health and well-being.   As I have said before, when I evaluate a nominee for Secretary of  Health and Human Services, I am interested in whether that person has a  record of putting people first--not politics, partisanship, or those at  the top. I want to know they put science first--not ideology.  Critically, I consider whether their plans for health care in our  country will help more families lead healthy, fulfilling, and secure  lives, or take us backwards.   Unfortunately, I am very concerned that Congressman Price falls far  short in these categories and that his nomination sends another clear  signal: President Trump is setting up his Cabinet to run our country in  a way that benefits those at the top and their allies, but it really  hurts the workers and families we all serve.   I will start with women's health and reproductive rights. I believe  that when women have access to quality, affordable health care, when  they can afford contraception and exercise their constitutionally  protected rights to make their own choices about their own bodies, our  country is stronger for it. That is because access to health care,  which includes reproductive health care, is fundamental to women's  economic independence and opportunity. When women have more resources,  more freedom, and more ability to give back in whatever way they  choose, we move forward as a country.   Congressman Price has a long record of fighting to take women's  health care in the wrong direction. He has advocated for defunding  Planned Parenthood, our country's largest provider of women's health  care, time and again. He has been determined, since the start, to  dismantle the Affordable Care Act, which has really helped millions of  women gain coverage and essential benefits. Especially given his  background in medicine, he has displayed a shocking lack of  understanding when it comes to the need for continued work to help  women access birth control. He even suggested there ``was not one''  woman who couldn't afford contraception.   Well, I have certainly heard the opposite. I know for a fact now that  Congressman Price has, too, because I made sure to tell him about my  constituent Shannon in our hearing.   Shannon has endometriosis and would have struggled to afford  contraception, which is often used to treat that condition, were it not  for Planned Parenthood. How can a Secretary of Health and Human  Services, who won't listen to stories like Shannon's and who can't  understand their need to access basic health care, possibly be trusted  to work for all of our communities?   Unfortunately, there is more. While President Trump has magically  promised now insurance for everybody that is both lower cost and higher  quality, Congressman Price's plans would do the exact opposite. From  the start, he has led the fight for repealing the Affordable Care Act,  even though Republicans cannot agree on what they as a party would do  to replace it.   Congressman Price's own proposals, however, would cause millions of  people to lose coverage, increase the cost of care, and leave people  with preexisting conditions vulnerable to insurance companies rejecting  them or charging them more.   I am hearing constantly from the families who are scared about what  the future holds for their health care, given Republicans' rush to rip  apart our health care system, and plans like Congressman Price's, which  would leave so many so vulnerable, are simply not the answer.   Donald Trump campaigned on promises to protect Medicare and Medicaid,  but Congressman Price said that he wants to voucherize Medicare in the  first 6 to 8 months of the administration, ending the guarantee of full  coverage so many seniors and people with disabilities rely on. He has  put forward policies that would shift $1 trillion in Medicaid costs to  our States, squeezing their budgets and taking coverage away from  struggling children and workers, and people with disabilities, and  families.   While President-Elect Trump has said that Medicare should be able to  negotiate lower drug prices for seniors, Congressman Price has  repeatedly opposed efforts to do so. He even went so far as to call  legislation to address high drug prices ``a solution in search of a  problem.''   Well, I couldn't disagree more.   In addition, I am deeply concerned about Congressman Price's extreme  approach to key public health challenges, including his history of  opposing regulations to keep tobacco companies from luring children  into addiction.   In fact, it is hard to imagine who in America would be better off  under Congressman Price's leadership at HHS--certainly not women who  can no longer be charged more than men for the same health care;  children or their families who get peace of mind from having coverage  through the exchanges or Medicaid; workers who know they can still get  coverage, even if they find themselves between jobs; communities that  count on public health protection; or seniors who shouldn't have to pay  more for prescription drugs or worry about what the future holds for  Medicare.   All in all, Congressman Price's vision for our health care system is,  to me, disturbingly at odds with the needs of families I hear from  every day. But what makes this nomination even more troubling are the  serious ethics questions that have not been resolved as it has been  jammed through the Senate. I would hope that any Member of Congress-- Republican or Democrat--would take seriously the need to ensure that  incoming Cabinet Secretaries are free from conflicts of interest, fully  prepared to put the public interest first, and have demonstrated a  commitment to service for the sake of service, rather than a pattern of  mixing personal financial gain with public office. Unfortunately, when  it comes to this nomination, Senate Republicans have avoided those  questions at every turn.   When reports first came out that Congressman Price had traded more  than $300,000 in medical stocks while working on legislation that could  impact companies whose stocks he had purchased--including one whose  largest shareholder, Representative Chris Collins, encouraged Price to  invest in--Democrats called for an investigation before this nomination  could move forward. Senate Republicans refused to join us. When outside  consumer advocacy groups and an ethics counsel raised concerns, Senate  Republicans went ahead with the hearings. The day before a vote on his  nomination in committee, when a story broke indicating that Congressman  Price misled members of our HELP and Finance Committees in responding  to their questions about his investments, Senate Republicans met  secretly to jam his nomination through in a closed-door vote.    Congressman Price and Republicans have insisted that everything  Congressman Price did was above board and legal. I certainly hope that  is the case, but we shouldn't have to take their word for it, and  neither should the families and communities we serve. I am deeply  disappointed that so many of my Republican colleagues appear to be  willing to overlook the need for a thorough independent investigation.  [[Page S993]]    Congressman Price's backward views on women's health, his harmful  vision for our health care in our country, and the ethical questions  that remain unresolved even as this nomination is headed to a vote, I  will be voting against Congressman Price for Secretary of Health and  Human Services.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   