 Mr. President, thank you.   As we heard my colleague from Missouri saying, we have a great  opportunity this week to confirm four outstanding individuals to the  Federal circuit courts. These nominees are well-qualified individuals  who have demonstrated a strong understanding of the proper role that a  judge plays in our constitutional system.    I am especially pleased that we are considering three exceptionally  talented women for the Federal bench. Federal circuit court nominations  are extremely important. Circuit courts sit directly below the Supreme  Court in our judicial system. Because the Supreme Court reviews  relatively few or a smaller number of cases, many times the circuit  courts have the last word in the majority of those cases, so it is  essential that we have judges on the circuit court who will treat all  litigants fairly.   When I think about what I want in a judge, I think fairness is the  first thing that comes to mind. We want someone who treats litigants  fairly, who shows respect for our Constitution, our statutes, and the  controlling precedents.  [[Page S6951]]  We need somebody knowledgeable in the law. That sort of goes without  saying but certainly is a top attribute of a judge. Every party before  our Federal courts has the right to expect evenhanded, fair judges and  fair justice from those judges who are handling their case.   Each of the four nominees being confirmed this week have a strong  record and impeccable qualifications. They respect the rule of law. All  were given a high rating by the nonpartisan American Bar Association.   Yesterday I was very pleased to support Amy Barrett's confirmation to  the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Despite obstruction by my  colleagues on the other side, I am pleased that yesterday we confirmed  Ms. Barrett, but I still have deep concerns about some of the debate  and some of the questions that were raised about her religious beliefs  throughout the confirmation process.   The Constitution clearly states that there can be no religious test  for any Federal office. The Senate has a responsibility to consider  qualifications and fitness for office of individuals nominated by the  President, but that does not include an evaluation of a nominee's  religious beliefs. Our Constitution fundamentally protects religious  liberty for all Americans. That principle is deeply rooted in our  Nation's history and allows individuals of all faiths the freedom to  exercise their religious beliefs.   Ms. Barrett's credentials clearly demonstrate her ability to serve on  the Federal bench, which she will be doing, and I hope future nominees  are questioned by this body on their record, their qualifications, and  their jurisprudence, not on their faith.   Today we confirmed the nomination of Michigan Supreme Court Justice  Joan Larsen for the Sixth Circuit, a supremely qualified individual. A  former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, she served as a  Deputy Assistant Attorney General and as a law professor at the  University of Michigan before joining her State's highest court, the  supreme court.   We are now considering the nomination of Colorado Supreme Court  Justice Allison Eid for the Tenth Circuit. Justice Eid served as  Colorado's solicitor general and is a law professor at the University  of Colorado. She clerked for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and  was appointed by Chief Justice John Roberts to serve as a member of the  advisory committee on Federal appellate rules.   Finally, we will consider the nomination of Stephanos Bibas to the  Third Circuit. Mr. Bibas is a law professor at the University of  Pennsylvania and clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy after earning  degrees from Columbia, Oxford, and Yale.   This is a supremely qualified slate of nominees, as their impressive  credentials make clear. My colleagues who are familiar with these  nominees have given praise to these nominees in earnest and honest  discussion, which very much lends itself to my support. Without  question, their fitness for the Federal bench is evident.   The fact that Democrats have been holding up these qualified  individuals is totally misguided. We heard from Senator Blunt in his  remarks about the numbers. There are currently 21 circuit court  vacancies and 120 district court vacancies in the Federal judiciary.  While the Senate has an important role in examining nominees to fill  these vacancies, Democrats have required virtually every potential  judge to go through a time-consuming floor process that is simply not  sustainable, even when there are no objections raised against the  individuals. In fact, Democrats have used political tactics to delay  virtually every one of President Trump's judicial nominees,  controversial or not.   Every Senator has the right to vote against a judicial nominee if  they believe that person to be unfit or unqualified--we all have that  right--but engaging in a de facto filibuster against virtually every  judicial nominee is an abuse of the rules, I believe, especially when  the nominee has overwhelming bipartisan support.   The American people expect the Senate to confirm well-qualified  nominees. They also expect us to advance a legislative agenda that will  improve our economy and our security. By filibustering against  qualified nominees, Democrats are keeping the Senate from tackling our  important legislative work.   Starting with Justice Neil Gorsuch to the nominees being considered  this week, President Trump has nominated mainstream judges who will  serve our country for years in the judiciary. I commend the President,  the chairman, Senator Grassley, and the members of the Judiciary  Committee for their work in advancing these talented individuals. We  should confirm these judges and act promptly to fill other judicial  vacancies.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). The Senator from Iowa.   