 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand before you today to  speak on the rule and in support of H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act,  which represents years of hard work by our chairman, Jeb Hensarling,  and the entire Financial Services Committee.   For nearly 8 years, Dodd-Frank has targeted Main Street pocketbooks  and stripped families of real opportunities for financial success and  independence. For instance, the CFPB has spent years removing choices  and making access to financial products more difficult to obtain. Under  these regulations, it is now harder for families to qualify for a  mortgage, to obtain an auto loan, and to access other forms of credit  that they have depended on every day of their lives. Meanwhile, the  CFPB fails to monitor and prevent actual and real instances of consumer  fraud like we saw with the opening of millions of unauthorized  customers' accounts at Wells Fargo.   Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of chairing the Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee on Financial Services, and today--today--we  released a report titled, ``Was the Cop on the Beat?'' This is  regarding the CFPB's wholly inadequate role in investigating the Wells  Fargo fraudulent account scandal.   We have received numerous records from both Wells Fargo and the OCC  and others that indicate that the CFPB was asleep at the wheel when it  came to investigating Wells Fargo. Unfortunately, the CFPB has produced  no such documents, even under subpoena, that contradict this assertion  and support the testimony of Director Cordray in front of this  committee earlier in the year. This report highlights the need for  reforms to the CFPB that are contained in the CHOICE Act.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, we need to bring accountability and  transparency to a Bureau that has been thwarting congressional  oversight and due process.   Additionally, the CHOICE Act will increase lending in our  communities, open up our economy, end taxpayer-funded bailouts, and  hold Wall Street and Washington accountable. Americans today deserve  the ``Right'' CHOICE Act.   