 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Evans for  giving me an opportunity to speak and for hosting this Special Order  hour.   Mr. Speaker, this weekend, behind a podium adorned by the Seal of the  President of the United States, Donald Trump, once again, sank even  further in disgrace through remarks that were attacking peaceful  American private citizens.   It should not be lost on us that when referencing White supremacy and  neo-Nazism, Donald Trump saw fit to speak with calculated language,  unlike the phrases he used to describe the Black men and their mothers  who used their platform to highlight longstanding injustices. His  behavior continues to demonstrate that he is unfit to serve as the  leader of this free world, and surely unfit to represent the American  rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   We have witnessed 9 months of discriminatory policies and proposals  emanating from the Trump White House; bald-faced and bumbling attempts  to reverse the progress made not only by President Obama, but progress  won decades ago, fights that we thought we had already won, issues that  had already been settled, from a woman's right to choose, to  environmental protections, to civil rights, to workplace safety, and  beyond.   In January, Donald Trump assumed the Presidency and made rescinding  the freedoms of people of color, the poor, and the sick his first  priority.   We look at the establishment of the fraudulent Voter Suppression  Commission; the appointments of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, Betsy  DeVos, Sebastian Gorka, and Stephen Miller, a group of people whose  ideology directly stands against the advancement of an equal and  more perfect union; his support for discriminatory voter ID laws;  reinstatement of the failed war on drugs; attacks on affirmative action  at colleges and universities; rollback of consent decrees that keep  police accountable; the now extended Muslim ban; the transgender ban in  our armed services; the rollback of our civil rights enforcement across  Federal agencies; reinstating the use of private prisons; refusing to  protect Americans and the Nation from White supremacists; all under the  slogan of ``Make America Great'' under the guise of patriotism.    Make no mistake about it, the world is imperfect, and a long view of  history shows evil triumphing more often than we would like.   But here in America, in the space in which I work, I will continue to  stand with my colleagues here in the Congressional Black Caucus and in  the Chambers of Congress to root out racism, sexism, bigotry, and  hatred because it cripples this Nation. I will continue to gather in  solidarity with my brothers and sisters of color, the Muslim and the  Jewish communities, the LGBTQ community, the immigrant community, and  every person that is targeted by those who seek to divide us, as this  President is doing.   I will take a knee, I will reclaim my time, I will raise my fist, I  will stay awake, I will stay alert, and I am ready to mobilize.   