 Mr. President, I object. I was next in line.    Mr. President, I object. I was next in line.    Mr. President, I object. I was next in line.    Mr. President, I object. I was next in line.    Madam President, I rise to urge my colleagues to  vote for a bipartisan amendment, No. 1051, to protect transgender  servicemembers in our military.   I want to thank my dear friend and colleague, Senator McCain, the  chairman of the Armed Services Committee and his staff, for working  with us on this bipartisan amendment to protect transgender  servicemembers and for agreeing to support it here on the floor today.   The amendment, which I was so proud to write with my Republican  colleague from Maine, Senator Susan Collins, would prohibit the  Department of Defense from discharging members of the military or  denying them reenlistment opportunities because of their gender  identity. It is essential that this Congress does not break faith with  these brave servicemembers who have served their country honorably and  with great sacrifice.   As Members of the Senate, one of our most serious responsibilities is  to stand up for the men and women who serve in our armed services. We  have an obligation to represent their interests, to value and respect  their service, and to give them the tools and resources they need to  defend our country. Kicking out thousands of servicemembers simply  because of their gender identity doesn't make our military stronger, it  makes our military weaker. It doesn't save taxpayer money, it wastes  taxpayer money. We have spent millions recruiting and training these  highly skilled servicemembers.    I want to be clear to those who misunderstand our U.S. military  members, to those who somehow think our military cannot handle  diversity among its servicemembers: Do not underestimate the men and  women who serve in uniform. They represent the best and strongest among  us.   An argument against diversity in the military is wrong. We heard this  argument during the fight to end racial segregation. We heard it during  the fight to allow women to serve. We heard it during the fight to end  don't ask, don't tell, which I was proud to work on with the Republican  Senator from Maine once again. And here, once again, this argument is  wrong. Our military is strongest when it represents the Nation it  serves.   Rather than shrinking the talent pool and telling patriotic Americans  that they cannot serve, we should be doing everything we can to  encourage and support them. We should thank them for their devotion to  service, for their willingness to leave their families for months at a  time and risk their own lives and safety to protect us.   This transgender ban affects individuals who were brave enough to  join the military, men and women who were tough enough to make it  through rigorous military training, men and women who love our country  enough to risk their lives for it, to fight for it and even die for it.  To suggest these brave, tough, and selfless transgender Americans  somehow don't belong in our military is harmful to our military  readiness, and it is deeply insulting to our troops.   Don't tell me that U.S. Air Force SSgt Logan Ireland, who deployed to  Afghanistan and has earned numerous  [[Page S5725]]  commendations since the ban on transgender service was lifted, should  be kicked out of our military. Don't tell me a young recruit like U.S.  Marine Aaron Wixson, who left college to enlist in the field artillery  and worked diligently with his chain of command during his gender  transition to meet every requirement asked of him, should be kicked out  of the military. Do not tell me that Navy LCDR Blake Dremann, who  identified as transgender while serving in Afghanistan and has deployed  11 times and won the Navy's highest logistics award and now shapes our  military policy at the Pentagon--don't tell me he should be kicked out  of the military. Any individual serving in our military today who meets  the standards should be allowed to serve, period.   I urge my colleagues to join me, the Republican Senator from Maine,  and Senator John McCain, on our bipartisan amendment to allow  transgender men and women to stay in the military and continue to serve  our country and keep us safe.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   