 Madam President, I am on the floor today to stand with  parents, students, teachers, families, and communities across our  country to make sure they have a voice to strongly oppose Betsy DeVos  and her plans to privatize public schools and destroy public education  in America. I urge my colleagues to stand with their constituents and  join Democrats and Republicans in rejecting this nomination.   I come to the floor as a former preschool teacher, someone who got my  start in politics fighting for strong public schools, a former school  board member, a Senator committed to standing strong for public  education in America, and a mother and grandmother who cares deeply  about the future of our students in our schools.   Like so many people across the country, I am someone who owes  everything I have to a strong public education I received growing up in  this country. I believe it is my responsibility to do everything I can  to make sure the opportunities that were there for me and so many  others are open to every student in this country, no matter where they  live or how they learn or how much money their parents have. In  general, I believe the Federal Government and specifically the  Department of Education has an important role to play in making that  happen.   I take the position of Secretary of Education very seriously. Leading  this agency in this moment is a critical job. I consider it to be my  job to do everything I can to make sure the person who fills it is  truly committed to putting students and families first. As I will  discuss in detail today and in the coming days, I do not believe Betsy  DeVos is the right person to do that.   Before I get into Ms. DeVos's failed record and her lack of  experience, I wish to make a point about how I approach nominees and  how that impacts my perspective on this one.   Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to  spend their time in this debate trying to impugn the motives of  Democrats and Republicans who are trying to stop this nomination. They  will try to say that President Trump won the election and he should be  able to pick anyone he wants to fill this position and that we should  all sit down and be quiet. I reject that. I believe the Senate has an  important role to play in this process. It is our constitutional duty  to take these nominations seriously, and I refuse to stand by and just  watch.   President Trump absolutely has the right to nominate people for his  Cabinet who he thinks will carry out his vision for the country, but  that does not mean the Senate should be a rubberstamp. To the contrary,  we owe it to the people we represent to make sure every nominee is not  only qualified for the position and free of conflicts of interest but  that he or she will put families and workers first and not millionaires  and billionaires or big corporations.   President Trump was the first Presidential candidate in decades to  not release his tax returns, and he is openly flouting ethics  conventions regarding his personal and family businesses.   I believe that in an administration where lines around potential  conflicts of interest are very likely to be blurred at the top, they  need to be even clearer at the individual agencies. So I will not  apologize for demanding that the Senate do its job when it comes to  doing our due diligence with these nominees. I will not back down from  asking my questions for my constituents--the ones they would want me to  ask. I will not stop fighting as hard as I can to oppose a Secretary of  Education who doesn't stand with them.   I am extremely disappointed at how this process has gone so far. I  have great respect for the chairman of our committee, but I have never  seen anything like it, especially coming out of our Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions Committee, where until now we have worked together  across party lines so well. Right from the start, it was very clear  that Republicans intended to jam this nominee through the process as  quickly as possible. Corners were cut, precedents were ignored, debate  was cut off, and reasonable requests and questions were blocked. Again,  I have never seen anything like it on this committee, Democratic  administration or Republican, Democratic majority or Republican. It has  been truly frustrating and deeply disappointing.   I believe it is our job in the Senate to scrutinize nominees, but  Republicans were acting like it was their job to protect Ms. DeVos, to  shield her from questioning. First, Republicans rushed us into a  hearing before we had Mrs. DeVos's ethics paperwork in. That might seem  like a small thing, it may seem like a procedural issue, but it was  important.   Every single nominee during the Obama administration had their ethics  paperwork in before a hearing in our committee. The Republican majority  leader made having ethics paperwork in before a hearing a core demand  of his during the Obama administration. The reason for this is simple:  Senators should be able to ask nominees questions about their finances,  their potential conflicts of interest, how they plan to avoid them, and  how they plan to uphold the letter and spirit of our ethics laws. But  without the Office of Government Ethics financial disclosure and  without their review, Senators go into a hearing in the dark on a  nominee's ethics and finances, and that is exactly what we were pushed  into with Mrs. DeVos.    Secondly, when we got into that hearing, we were told that Democrats  would only have 5 minutes each to ask questions--5 minutes to ask about  Betsy DeVos's finances, her long record of privatization of public  education, her vision for this Department, and the many, many issues in  this Department's jurisdiction--5 minutes and, then, cut off.   Now, this was completely unprecedented and absolutely wrong. Never  before had it been the case in our committee--not a single time that I  recall--that a Senator, who had a question for a nominee, was cut off  and blocked from asking it. Democrats were sitting in the hearing,  waiting, hoping the chairman would change his mind, but we were shut  down and we  [[Page S667]]  were silenced, and Mrs. DeVos was protected from answering additional  questions.   Third, after we finally got Betsy DeVos's ethics paperwork and had a  number of questions about it, I requested another hearing where we  could ask her those questions. That was a reasonable request. It was  rejected.   Fourth, I had a number of questions for Betsy DeVos about missing  information in her paperwork to the committee, and she has simply not  provided the committee with the required financial disclosures.   We have a strong tradition in our committee of not moving to vote  until the ranking member's questions are answered to satisfaction, and  that tradition was ignored as Betsy DeVos was jammed through.   Then, finally, after a vote was pushed through the committee as  quickly as possible, with questions about rules being bent or ignored  to get that done, this nomination is now being rushed to this floor,  and Republicans are attempting to jam it through here as well. It is  pretty clear to me why. The more people learn about Betsy DeVos, the  more they realize how wrong she is for our students and our schools.  The more they hear about her background, the more they see her as one  more way President Trump has broken his promise to ``drain the swamp.''  The more that comes out about her failed record, her tangled finances,  conflicts of interest, and her lack of understanding or experience, the  more the pressure increases on Republicans to put their allegiance to  President Trump aside and stand with their constituents.   So I understand why some Republicans want to rush to get this  through. I think it is absolutely wrong, and I know people are paying  attention.   I want to make one final point on this. The chairman of our  committee, the senior Senator from Tennessee, has brought up the idea  of ``fairness'' when it comes to how we should approach this  nomination--that he believes President Trump's nominees should be  treated ``fairly.'' But my friend, the senior Senator from Tennessee,  is defining fairness in an interesting way. He is saying that, if  Republicans didn't scrutinize President Obama's nominees and if they  didn't take the time to do their due diligence, then, it would be  unfair for Democrats to do that for President Trump's.   Well, I don't agree with that. I define fairness very differently. I  believe the fair thing to do is what is fair for our constituents, that  we work for them and should do right by them--not for a party, a  nominee, or an administration. I believe the ``fair'' thing to do is to  scrutinize these nominees, ask tough questions, and push for real  answers, and that we should err on the side of deeper review and more  robust questioning, rather than on the side of pointing to how  Democrats and Republicans were treated in the past and ``fairness'' to  nominees.   So I think it is clear that this nominee is being rushed through and  corners are being cut.   I want to take some time now to talk about why I will be opposing her  and urging all of our colleagues to do the same. I have three main  reasons, and they are these: open questions about her tangled finances  and potential conflicts of interest; strong concerns with her record,  her lack of experience, and her clear lack of understanding of basic  education issues; and the belief that her vision for education in  America is deeply at odds with where parents, students, and families  across the country want to go.   First of all, there is her tangled finances and potential conflicts  of interest. I mentioned this a bit before. I have never seen a nominee  with such tangled and opaque finances and who is refusing to shine  anything close to an appropriate level of light on them.   Mrs. DeVos is a billionaire, and her inherited money is invested,  along with other members of her family, in potentially hundreds of  holding companies. Now, these holding companies often invest in other  holding companies, and it is often very hard to untangle the individual  companies in which she and her family actually own stakes. That is very  relevant because we know her family has had significant education  company holdings in the past, and they would be impacted by the  decisions she made if confirmed.   Mrs. DeVos has told us that she will comply with all ethics rules  should she be confirmed, but we still have questions, and she still has  not fulfilled the committee requirements. We have questions about areas  in Mrs. DeVos's ethics paperwork, where it is simply unclear if assets  she continues to hold have potential conflicts of interest, and we have  not been given the full answers.   We also want to know more from her about the family trusts she is  maintaining positions in, and we have not been given the full answers.   Finally, as I mentioned before, I have raised a number of questions  about Mrs. DeVos's failure to provide the required financial disclosure  to the committee, and I have not been given full answers there either.    Secondly, I have very strong concerns with Betsy DeVos's record, her  lack of experience, and her clear lack of understanding of basic  education issues. I will take these one at a time.   Nominees for this position have generally been people who were  committed to students, had a long career dedicated to education, and  were focused on keeping public education strong for all students and  all communities.   Betsy DeVos is very different.   First of all, she is first and foremost a Republican and conservative  activist and megadonor. She was chair of the Michigan Republican Party,  and she and her family have reportedly donated hundreds of millions of  dollars to Republicans and conservative groups over the years.   Second of all, Betsy DeVos has spent her career and her fortune  rigging the system to privatize and defund public education and hurt  students in communities across our country. She has no experience with  public schools, except through her work trying to tear them down.   She has committed herself for decades to an extreme ideological goal:  to push students out of public schools and weaken public education, no  matter what. She has spent millions of dollars in political donations,  organizations, and super PACs to try and influence elections and  policies to accomplish that goal.   It is not difficult to pick out where Betsy DeVos has focused. The  signs are usually pretty easy to see. Where she has succeeded in  getting her way, too often there are weaker public schools, worse  outcomes, and fewer true opportunities for students.   In fact, the only people guaranteed to benefit when Betsy DeVos  focuses her attention on a community or a State are the TV stations who  see hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in money pour into  attack ads against her political opponents.   But all people need to do is watch her hearing in our committee, and  they can learn everything they need to know. This is a hearing that  people across the country heard about--and for good reason. From local  newspapers to local news to the ``Daily Show'' to ``The View'' and  posts that went viral on social media, a whole lot of people heard  Betsy DeVos herself for the first time in that hearing, and they were  not impressed, to put it mildly. They watched as Democrats were blocked  from asking questions in an unprecedented and disappointing attempt to  protect this nominee. Then, on the questions we were allowed to ask,  they saw a nominee who was clearly ill-informed and confused and gave a  number of very concerning responses to serious and reasonable  questions.   Let's go through what Betsy DeVos said to us. She refused to rule out  slashing investments in or privatizing public schools--privatizing  public schools.   She was confused that Federal law provides protections for students  with disabilities.   She did not understand a basic issue in education policy--the debate  surrounding whether students should be measured based on their  proficiency or their growth.   She argued that guns needed to be allowed in schools across the  country to ``protect from grizzlies.''   Even though she was willing to say President Trump's behavior towards  women should be considered sexual assault, she would not commit to  actually enforcing Federal laws protecting women and girls in our  schools.   Her hearing was such a disaster, and it was so clear how little she  understood about education issues, that a  [[Page S668]]  number of people and groups who usually stay on the fence--or even  sometimes stand with Mrs. DeVos on some issues--could not stand with  her anymore.   Parents watching across the country saw a nominee who doesn't seem to  care about or understand the education issues that impact them and  their kids.   This takes me to my final point right now on Betsy DeVos. Her vision  for education in America is one that is deeply at odds with where  parents and students and families across the country want us to go. At  a time when education and the opportunity it affords is more important  than ever, she would take our country in the absolute wrong direction.   Eli Broad, a philanthropist and a strong charter school advocate, put  it very well when he said: ``At the risk of stating the obvious, we  must have a Secretary of Education who believes in public education and  the need to keep public schools public.''   He went on to say: ``With Betsy DeVos at the helm of the U.S.  Department of Education, much of the good work that has been  accomplished to improve public education for all of America's children  could be undone.''   I completely agree. Parents across the country want their government  and their representatives fighting tooth and nail to improve public  schools for all students in every community, while Betsy DeVos is  committed to privatizing public schools and diverting public funds into  taxpayer-funded vouchers that will leave far too many of our students  behind.   I will add that I have many friends here in the Senate representing  rural States that will be severely impacted by a Secretary of Education  who implemented a radical agenda like this.   The bottom line is that strong public education is at the heart of  true opportunity in America--something we all strive for and work for  every day. People understand that. They see that Betsy DeVos's vision  for this job is a direct attack on that core national value.   I truly believe this is what has motivated so many people around the  country to stand up and speak out. They saw her disastrous hearing on  the news and going viral on social media. It is clear that people  across the country care so deeply about education and are so passionate  about making sure we have strong public schools that seeing President  Trump nominate someone like Betsy DeVos to run this Department just  hits very close to home to a whole lot of people, and it is so deeply  offensive to them. For parents of students in our public schools, it is  very hard to see a billionaire--who never went to public school, who  didn't send her children to public school--put in a position to work  against your interests.    For teachers who work so hard every day in our public schools, it is  hard to see your work denigrated.   For so many others in communities across the country, something about  Betsy DeVos has lit a fire underneath them, as well, and they have all  decided to do something about it. Senate office phone lines have been  shut down over the past week with so many callers weighing in against  Betsy DeVos. Every office is receiving tens of thousands of letters  asking the Senate to reject her. Almost 40,000 have come in to my  office alone. Millions of people have signed petitions with the same  message. There have been rallies and protests across the country and  millions more posting on Facebook, sharing it with their friends,  tweeting, and doing everything they can to make their voices heard.   I wish to share just a sample of what I have heard from my  constituents.   One teacher from Mukilteo School District, a 26-year veteran of  Washington State public schools, said she has worked tirelessly at  title I elementary schools to help children achieve their greatest  potential. If DeVos is confirmed, this teacher is terrified her school  will lose its funding.   Another constituent of mine from Federal Way tells me she has  grandchildren in Michigan who are at risk because of Mrs. DeVos's  reckless policies there, and she does not want to see this disaster  repeated throughout our country.   The regional superintendent in Wenatchee, a small city in North  Central Washington, told me that he and his colleagues didn't even know  where to begin laying out their concerns about Betsy DeVos.   A fourth grade teacher from Spokane, WA, reached out to tell me she  watched the confirmation hearing and was shocked at how little Betsy  DeVos seemed to understand about the issues she faces every single day  in her classroom.   Those are just a few examples. There are thousands upon thousands in  every community, in every State, and it is having an impact. Every  Member of this body has felt the pressure. Already, two Republicans  have made it clear that the voices of their constituents have pushed  them into the ``no'' column, and I know there are other Republicans who  take seriously what their constituents have to say and who have serious  concerns about putting partisanship ahead of their States' and their  constituents' interests.   I don't like that we are rushing into this without the information we  need. But if the majority is going to jam this through, we are going to  do everything we can to have a robust debate over the next few days.   So I am here to say: I am proud to stand with parents; I am proud to  stand with students; I am proud to stand with teachers; I am proud to  stand with those in my home State of Washington and across the country  who support strong public schools and true education opportunities for  all; and I am proud to stand up and fight back against Betsy DeVos.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I wish to thank my many colleagues who  have been here this morning to talk about this critical appointment,  the Secretary of Education, who oversees all of our K-12 and higher  education in this country. It is a principle so many of us care about.  I have heard passionately from so many of my colleagues here today  about what public education means to them, what it means to our  country, what it means to our  [[Page S678]]  democracy, and what it means for kids of all different backgrounds to  come together in a public education system that is guaranteed by this  country. The dangerous views of this nominee, Betsy DeVos as Secretary  of Education--who has said repeatedly she will not protect the  investments we have made, but rather has the philosophy that we should  take money away from our public education students and put it to  vouchers for private schools--will undermine our whole entire  democracy. It is why we have heard across this country from so many  parents and teachers and students and grandparents and business leaders  who are urging Senators from every State to vote no on this nominee.   Certainly we can do better. Certainly the last election was not about  sending our K-12 and higher education system into chaos, certainly not  at a time when one of the most important things people care about is  the stability of our economy, the ability to get a job. Fundamental to  that is being able to know you can go to a school, no matter where you  are or where you live or how much money you have, and get a good  education. We need to keep that, and no one wants to send that system  into chaos at this time. That is why people are speaking out.   As I mentioned earlier today, I have heard from thousands of people  in my home State who have contacted me with concerns about this  nomination of Betsy DeVos to be the Secretary of Education. An  overwhelming number of them are people who have spent time in our  classrooms with our kids; that is, our teachers. Many of them have  spent decades in public schools dedicating their own lives to helping  our children learn in school districts of all different sizes, and  those teachers deserve a voice today.   So I thought I would take a few minutes to tell my colleagues a  little bit about what I am hearing and why they believe we should  oppose Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.   I heard from a teacher from my hometown of Bothell, WA, who wrote me  and said that public education is the basis of equality for all  students in this country. Our Founding Fathers recognized the  importance of having educated citizens and the need to provide it for  all of our children. Education for profit doesn't work. And we need to  do what we can to make sure we fight privatization of our education  system.   I heard from another woman in central Washington who works with low- income students. As she noted, taking title I funding and putting it  toward private schools will be devastating to small communities. She is  echoing what I am hearing from rural communities across my State and  what I am hearing from many other Senators who have talked to me about  what they are hearing from rural communities in their States.   From Seattle, I heard from an educator who told me that she wanted to  see fellow educators--or at least people with some experience in our  public schools--running this Department. That is why she opposes Betsy  DeVos--no experience.    A retired teacher from Mercer Island asked me to oppose this  nomination. She has spent 37 years teaching children in our public  schools.   On the other side of my State, in Spokane, a 28-year teaching veteran  says strengthening public education is the best thing we can do for  schools like hers that are located in a high-poverty district.   In Prosser, a public school teacher and a former lawyer told me that  he is committed to both the public education system and the  Constitution. He called the nomination of Betsy DeVos an affront to  both, given what he called her track record of undermining public  schools and the need for separation of church and State. He said that  only through access to high-quality learning opportunities can we  remain free.   I heard from a teacher--also a parent--from Issaquah who said: ``This  nomination is very disappointing.'' In order to ``make America great  again'' she said we need fully funded schools for teachers who have the  time and the resources to prepare students to be lifelong learners.   In Monroe, WA, a teacher for 35 years says she is afraid of what  DeVos could mean to public education.   From Camano Island, a retired teacher of 31 years said all children  deserve the same access to high-quality public education.   A teacher from Vancouver School District tells me that our public  schools deserve better than someone who has called them a dead end,  adding that the Secretary of Education should be an advocate for the  principle of free, quality, and equal education. She worries that if we  don't defend public education from the views of Mrs. DeVos, then we  have failed the future of this democracy.   I received a succinct message from Dave in Seattle, in all caps,  where he writes: ``ABSOLUTELY NO.''   Those are just a few of the many, many people I am hearing from.  There are literally thousands and thousands more. I know that is true  from all of our colleagues here. Why? Because people are making their  voices heard loud and clear. They want a Secretary of Education with  real experience in public schools who is truly dedicated to  strengthening our public education system across the country.   I am proud to stand with my constituents and the public school  educators from Washington State to urge our colleagues to vote no on  Betsy DeVos.   We have had a good number of Senators here today to talk about this.  I know we are going to be spending Monday, Monday afternoon, into the  night Monday, Tuesday morning hearing from many other Senators and  having a very robust debate.   I hope that all of those who are listening, and everyone in this  country, stands up at this time and thinks about what public education  means to this freedom and this democracy, and I know they will, as they  have been continuing to let their voices be heard by their elected  representatives.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Anne  Ordway, a fellow in my Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the first  session of the 115th Congress.   