 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to discuss a true  American value: equal pay for equal work. This is something that we all  believe in, and tomorrow is National Equal Pay Day. It is a meaningful  reminder that equal pay remains among the challenges before us.   Women make the world work. We are breadwinners for our families. We  are also financial planners, nurses, and teachers. We have always been  a powerful force, and our progress has been hard-earned.   Women today are managers, entrepreneurs, public servants, and CEOs,  and our country is stronger for it. But despite these great strides,  there is more work to do to encourage prosperity for America's  families.   For nearly 4 years in this body, I have led discussions about equal  pay. I am encouraged by the interest from the White House on addressing  the workplace challenges that women face today. To that end, I have  reintroduced a proposal I believe will make a real difference for  families. It is called the Workplace Advancement Act.   The idea behind it is fairly universal and straightforward: equal pay  through empowerment. The bill aims to empower employees--especially  women--with information about wages so they can be informed advocates  for their compensation. When it comes to discussing wages in the  workplace, sometimes it can hurt to ask. A culture of silence and fear  of retaliation can keep people in the dark about how their compensation  compares to others. The Workplace Advancement Act would lift that fear,  free up information, and create a more transparent workplace.   A simple principle is at play here. When workers, especially women,  have more information, they can more confidently pursue favorable work  and wage arrangements. Knowledge is power. With this flexibility, women  can better negotiate arrangements that make sense for them. For  example, they might be willing to accept less pay if they can have  Fridays free for doctors' appointments or family time or simply as a  day for self-care.   The Workplace Advancement Act contains language similar to an  Executive order that President Obama issued in 2014. Many congressional  Democrats requested this action, which is actually more limited in  scope than my legislation. Some even praised it. Senator Heinrich  called the action ``a critical step to ensure that every woman has a  fair shot at fairness and economic success.'' Congresswoman Susan Davis  of California said the action was a ``historic step forward.''   Importantly, for employers, the Workplace Advancement Act would not  impose new Federal regulations, and no employer would be compelled to  disclose salary information. It simply prevents retaliatory action  against employees who ask after it.   Fifty-three Republicans and five Democrats in the Senate supported a  version of the Workplace Advancement Act last Congress. With bipartisan  support like this, this bill is possible.   Let's take advantage of this rare moment when we have common ground  on a commonsense and straightforward solution. Let's come together so  we can look families in the eye and say: We heard you. We have heard  you on this issue, and we are going to take action on it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   