 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, from the moment President Trump and  Republicans began trying to jam TrumpCare through Congress, I heard  from family after family in my home State about the damage their  efforts to undermine families' healthcare would do, and this last week  was no different. Again and again, my constituents told me what a  difference it makes to have affordable insurance, to know that benefits  like substance abuse treatment are covered, or to worry about how they  would manage if TrumpCare ever became law.   I heard some of my Republican colleagues went out of their way to  avoid those kinds of stories when they were home, so I wanted to make  sure they heard a few examples now that they are back in town. And I  appreciate that many of my Democratic colleagues will also be sharing  stories they heard from their constituents over the past few days.   Like many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I come from a  State in which the opioid epidemic has had a devastating impact. It has  been both heartbreaking and inspiring to talk with patients and  families who are doing everything they can to fight back. Right now,  the message I am getting from them loud and clear is that they do not  want TrumpCare.   Daniel, one of my constituents, was injured in the military. He was  given a prescription for painkillers. He was on them for 8 years, and  he told me that during that time, his three daughters wondered why he  wouldn't play with them. Eventually, Daniel changed doctors and was  prescribed Suboxone, which made all the difference for him. He is now  able to work again. He manages a grocery store. He relies on Medicaid  for healthcare coverage, which covers the hundreds of dollars a month  his prescriptions cost. Daniel told me that if he loses Medicaid under  TrumpCare, he will not be able to make ends meet and all of the  progress he has made will be threatened.   I heard from a constituent named Rachel of Seattle who was addicted  to opioids and living in her car when she found out she was eligible  for Medicaid. She got connected with Swedish Medical Center in Seattle,  where she received wraparound health services, including mental  healthcare and primary healthcare. Now she and her husband are  successfully in recovery. They are raising a family, and Rachel is  going to school. But, just like Daniel, they do not know what they will  do if TrumpCare becomes law and the Medicaid coverage that is keeping  them going is taken away.   Those are just two of the countless stories I heard from patients and  families and doctors in my home State and nationwide. I have heard from  cancer survivors who have fought back as hard as they can and are  worried that TrumpCare will allow insurance companies to price them out  of care because they are now labeled with a preexisting condition. I  heard from young parents of medically fragile children who stay up at  night worrying about how to afford care for their toddler if lifetime  caps on coverage are imposed under TrumpCare. I heard from seniors who  simply don't have the savings to cover the premium spikes TrumpCare  would cost. I heard from women and men who are furious, and rightly so,  that a group of 13 men wrote a bill in secret to defund Planned  Parenthood--the Nation's largest provider of women's healthcare-- removing a quality, affordable provider from communities in which it is  now very difficult to get care.   These stories are powerful. They make it undeniably clear just how  much TrumpCare would hurt people. So it is no wonder that Senate  Republicans spent the last week lying low and avoiding defending,  oddly, the indefensible. Senate Republicans have read the same  independent Congressional Budget Office analysis as we all have. They  have heard from countless doctors and nurses and hospitals and nursing  homes and patient advocates about all of the ways TrumpCare would raise  families' costs and take away coverage. They know that people across  the country are completely, resoundingly rejecting TrumpCare. It is the  least popular bill in three decades, according to one study.   All in all, TrumpCare shatters every promise President Trump and  Republicans made about providing insurance to everybody and making sure  no one is worse off. And, incredibly, the extreme rightwing still  thinks it leaves too much of the Affordable Care Act intact.   Even though it seems one would be hard-pressed to find anyone who  wants to stick up for TrumpCare--including, by the way, President  Trump--Senate Republican leaders are still doing everything they can to  jam this through Congress as quickly as they can. They are working on  backroom deals as we speak and coming up with new ways to sweeten the  deal for Senate Republicans who are rightly wary of voting for a bill  that would so clearly do so much harm.   In particular, this afternoon I wanted to address the ongoing effort  by extreme conservative Senators to double  [[Page S3897]]  down on pulling the rug out from under patients with preexisting  conditions. They put together this two-track plan to make middle-class  workers and families pay more. If they get their way, insurance  companies would be back in charge and could tell patients with  preexisting conditions or anyone who happens to get sick in the middle  of the year ``tough luck,'' and they will do that in a way that even  conservative experts predict will cause premiums and deductibles to  skyrocket. Senate Republicans are coming up with other ideas, too, such  as an opioid fund that a Republican Governor said is like ``spitting in  the ocean.''   Let me be clear. There is no ``fixing'' TrumpCare. No tweak around  the edges is going to turn TrumpCare--which, by the way, is just a tax  break for special interests and the healthcare industry on the backs of  patients--into a healthcare bill that actually helps people. There is  just no way. TrumpCare, as the President said, is mean at its core, and  unless it is dropped altogether, Senate Republicans are going to have  to decide whether they stand with their party or the people they came  here to represent.   So to everyone out there who has called and written and rallied and  tweeted, you are having an impact. You are why TrumpCare isn't already  law. But you cannot give up now, and Democrats here in the Senate won't  either. We are going to keep doing everything we can to make sure  Senate Republicans can't hold their noses and vote for TrumpCare just  to hand big corporations a tax break and President Trump a hollow  political win, whether it is next week or the weeks into August.   I also want to remind my Senate Republican colleagues again that we  have made clear all along the way that there is a better way to do  this. Democrats are ready. We are willing to work with you on policies  that make healthcare more affordable and workable for patients and  families.   So I am here today to say I hope you all listen to the stories our  Democratic colleagues are bringing to the floor. Think about how  devastating TrumpCare would be, and do the right thing. Drop this mean  bill once and for all so all of us can get to work on real healthcare  solutions that actually help people afford care, get covered, and stay  healthy. If you do, you won't have to defend this defenseless bill a  minute longer.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   