 Thank you very much, Representative Rothfus. I  appreciate so much your leadership on this issue, as well as Dr.  Wenstrup, bringing this very, very necessary bill to the floor. Time is  of the essence, and literally lives are at stake. Sometimes you hear  that discussed here, well, this bill is going to impact life. This one  truly does. This is a life-or-death matter with just a time limit.   The way that this works is that the Constitution gives Congress  authority over the District of Columbia. While they can have their own  council and they can make laws, we have ultimate oversight as elected  Representatives of this country over what happens here. When they pass  a bill here allowing death to occur by physician-assisted suicide, we  have the opportunity and we have the obligation to step in and to say  no.   As Representative Rothfus said, this is the people's town. This is  representative of our entire country here, and this does not represent  what we stand for, that if someone has an awful diagnosis that they are  encouraged and enabled to be able to take their own life without any-- any--oversight in this.  [[Page H1000]]  We have got to reject this. That is why we are here tonight.   The statistics are staggering. Suicide is the tenth leading cause of  death across the spectrum of ages, and the death toll is, sadly, on the  rise. Nearly 43,000 individuals took their own life in 2014. Now, that  is a heart-wrenching number of people desperate and seemingly without  hope and whose solution to traumatic life situations, clinical  depression, or mental disorders was to take their own life.   But another, more sinister layer to this suicide crisis in America  arises when agents of healing become distributors of lethal dosages.  Five States now and the District of Columbia have legalized physician- assisted suicide.   The taking of human life is a criminal act in nearly every State and  throughout the Federal Code; yet a few regions of the country, sadly,  have embraced the tragic idea that it is better to prescribe death than  to provide life-sustaining care, and they are tasking the medical  profession, those sworn to provide and take care of people--they have  tasked them with carrying out this ghastly deed.   So you go to your doctor on one hand when you have an illness or your  child is sick and you are asking and expecting the doctor to be looking  out for your best interests and to prescribe medicine to help you get  better, and then the next day you are tasking that same physician--you  are supposed to go back and ask them to kill your relative and  prescribe death medicine? This is wrong.   But here is another sobering fact: legalizing physician-assisted  suicide can lead to an increase in overall suicide rates. That was just  what was shared by Representative Hice, what has exactly happened in  Oregon, with an over 40 percent higher rate of suicide there than in  other places. So if you are concerned about suicide prevention, you  should be concerned about efforts to normalize doctors prescribing a  bottle of pills intended to end a patient's life.   Physician-assisted suicide preys on the sick, the elderly, and the  disabled. The frail are the most vulnerable to rising healthcare costs,  elder abuse, and physician-assisted suicide. There is no accountability  should a family member, friend, or medical provider determine that a  particular patient is too sick, too old, or too disabled to continue  living. Any doctor can write a prescription, and no witness is  required.   Physician-assisted suicide shreds human dignity by legally and  subjectively distinguishing between a life worth living and a life  better off dead. The focus should be on improving healthcare options,  palliative, and end-of-life care for terminally ill patients, not  killing those suffering from sickness or disease.   So I call on my fellow Members of Congress to pass the resolution of  disapproval sponsored by Dr. Brad Wenstrup to reject D.C.'s dangerous  policy and to ensure that all Americans, including those here in the  District of Columbia, are granted the basic right to life.   