 Mr. President, before I discuss why the nominee before  us, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, is the wrong choice to lead the Food and Drug  Administration, I want to take a minute to talk about the FDA's impact  on the health and safety of patients and families nationwide and how  that impacts my perspective on this nomination.   Our constituents rely on the FDA's work every single day. They trust  that the food they buy from the grocery store is safe. They trust that  when they go to the emergency room, the drugs and medical devices that  are used in their care have been held to the highest standards of  approval and that the FDA's decisions are based on science, not  politics or ideology. In other words, they trust in FDA's gold standard  of approval. So it is critical that the FDA continue to have strong,  independent leadership, especially in light of President Trump's  radical priorities.   Like many, I am deeply concerned by this administration's efforts to  roll back the progress we have made to strengthen the FDA and to  improve public health. Let me give two recent examples from last week  alone. First, the FDA delayed the implementation of a rule on menu  labeling requirements, which would have provided families access to  critical nutritional information about the food they buy and eat. These  requirements have been worked on for years by several Senators and the  Obama administration, with the support of public health groups and  restaurants. The rule was less than 1 week away from going into effect.  On the very same day, the FDA announced that it would delay the  enforcement of a rule to ensure greater oversight over tobacco  products, including cigars, pipe tobacco, and e-cigarettes. Now is not  the time for the FDA to be taking its foot off the gas when it comes to  protecting our children and youth from harmful marketing and flavoring  tactics. These are significant steps in the wrong direction.   Families have every reason to be worried about this administration,  and they are making it clear that they want leaders who are prepared to  stand up for them, which brings us back to Dr. Gottlieb.   At our HELP Committee hearing, after scrutinizing his past record,  asking where he stands on key policy issues, and reviewing his answers  to many of my questions, it has been made clear to me that Dr. Gottlieb  is not that leader. He has not convinced me that he can withstand  political pressure from this administration or that he will be truly  committed to putting our families' health first. For these reasons, I  will be voting no on Dr. Gottlieb's nomination today.   In reviewing Dr. Gottlieb's professional history and background, I  have grown increasingly concerned about whether he can lead the FDA in  an unbiased way given his unprecedented industry ties. On numerous  occasions, Dr. Gottlieb has invested in or advised a company and then  used his public platform to promote policies that will benefit that  company in the future.   I know that, if confirmed, Dr. Gottlieb has agreed to recuse himself  for 1 year from decisions involving some companies in which he has  invested or held positions, but Dr. Gottlieb will still be allowed to  weigh in on matters that involve other companies in which he had been  previously invested. His complicated relationships with a venture  capital firm and an investment bank specifically raise many questions,  and he will not be recused from matters that involve a number of their  clients. Companies Dr. Gottlieb has invested in have more than 60 drugs  in development that could come before the FDA for approval, and the  companies Dr. Gottlieb will be recused from have over 120 drugs in  development.   The extent of these entanglements is unprecedented, and they are  particularly troubling given this administration's clear willingness to  skirt ethics rules and pressure Federal employees in order to jam their  agenda through. Yet, as troubling as these entanglements are, they are  not my only problems with this nomination. I am equally concerned about  where Dr. Gottlieb stands on key policy issues.   For one, I do remain unconvinced that Dr. Gottlieb will ensure  independent, science-based decisionmaking at the FDA if he is  confirmed. While Dr. Gottlieb was at the FDA under the Bush  administration, I was working very hard to ensure that, consistent  [[Page S2840]]  with expert recommendations, emergency contraception known as Plan B  would be sold over the counter to all age groups. Yet the Bush  administration ignored the science and made a decision, based on purely  ideological grounds, on a so-called behind-the-counter option for Plan  B, which allowed politics to interfere directly with women's access to  the healthcare services that they need, and that was a position which  Dr. Gottlieb defended.   I have had the opportunity to discuss this matter with Dr. Gottlieb  on several occasions now, but regrettably my concerns remain unchanged.  When I asked Dr. Gottlieb about this at our hearing--whether he would  allow this administration to use the FDA to further its political  agenda against women's health--Dr. Gottlieb said he would ``not  relitigate settled approval decisions'' on this matter. When I made  clear that I was asking about the future and how he would respond to  future pressure from this administration to undermine women's health,  Dr. Gottlieb did not give a clear answer. Given the Trump  administration's commitment to undermining women's reproductive rights,  which we have seen so clearly in these past 100 days, I find this  aspect of Dr. Gottlieb's professional history especially troubling.   I have also raised concerns regarding Dr. Gottlieb's published  positions on a number of important issues that focus on drugs and  medical devices.   As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, I find the  administration's recent decision to delay oversight on tobacco products  to be especially concerning, which makes it all the more important that  the next FDA Commissioner have a clear position on this issue. I asked  Dr. Gottlieb about this at our hearing, specifically as it relates to  flavored e-cigarettes that have flooded the markets in recent years. I  have to say that I was disappointed by his response. I think it is  clear that a line has been crossed when tobacco companies prey on  children by coming out with e-cigarette flavors like gummy bear and  cookies and cream. Yet, during his hearing, when I asked Dr. Gottlieb  about this, he said he was not quite sure where that line gets drawn.  That speaks volumes to me, and it is a pattern I have seen in Dr.  Gottlieb's answers, whether I have asked him about off-label  communications by drug companies or combating the opioid epidemic and  what the FDA can do to help rein in drug costs.   I could go on, but I want to make one related point, which is that we  still have many questions about where Dr. Gottlieb stands on pressing  policy questions he will have to confront when he is confirmed.   As I said during our HELP Committee markup, we submitted many  questions to Dr. Gottlieb following his hearing, and I was encouraged  that in his answers to these questions, Dr. Gottlieb committed to  upholding the gold standard and working with me on a number of  priorities, like improving the postmarket surveillance of medical  devices. Yet, in large part, I have to say we were left disappointed  with the lack of specificity in his answers. Many of them were vague,  and some questions were flatout ignored.   I just came back from hearing from families in my home State, and I  can tell you that people are looking at what President Trump is doing.  They are appalled, and they are looking for leaders to step up. Whether  it is Dr. Gottlieb's unprecedented financial entanglements, his  inability to withstand political pressure from the Bush administration  in order to ensure science and not ideology drives decisionmaking at  the FDA, or whether he will truly prioritize patient and consumer  safety and the public health over the interests of corporations that  stand to gain financially, I continue to doubt whether Dr. Gottlieb  will be able to stand up to President Trump.   I believe that families and patients, rightly, expect more. They want  independent, science-based leadership at the FDA. I stand with them and  will oppose this nomination.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   