 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Washington  State, who has made a really important case. I want to be here today to  add my opinion, as well, because over the past 2 months we have heard a  lot about President Trump's plan to drain the swamp, which is to reject  special interests and the corporate elite and, instead, fight for  workers across our country.   There are a whole lot of claims, a whole lot of promises--all great.  Fighting for workers is what this Congress should be doing, but the  President's actions speak a lot louder than his words. I find it  telling that we are here again debating yet another Cabinet nominee  sent over from the White House--this time Gov. Rick Perry--whose  interests have been more closely aligned with those of Big Oil and  corporations rather than advancing our country's energy challenges or  fighting for the working families we represent.   So let me be clear. If confirmed to head up the Department of Energy,  Governor Perry would join the ranks of other unqualified candidates  chosen by this President to lead critically important agencies with  very specific and complex functions. It is a big job. I believe that  getting the top spot at the Department of Energy--or anywhere else in  the President's Cabinet--should not simply be a prize for demonstrating  loyalty during an election.   Getting the job should be borne of a solid understanding of the  agency, a respect for the tens of thousands of workers they would lead,  and, most importantly, a commitment to putting families across the  country first. So as a voice from my home State of Washington, where  DOE's presence is extremely important, I will vote no on Governor  Perry's nomination. I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Washington State is home to the Hanford nuclear reservation near the  Tri-Cities. Nearly 75 years ago, this region underwent a dramatic  transformation, practically overnight and under top-secret conditions,  to help the United States win World War II and later the Cold War.   Families and workers in this region of our State sacrificed immensely  for the good of our country and the safety of our world. To this day,  there is a massive environmental impact in the Tri-Cities created by  decades of nuclear weapons production. Now this cleanup effort is  vital, not only to the health and safety of families and workers and  the economy in Central Washington but also for communities along the  Colombia River.   As I have told anyone elected as President, whether Democrat or  Republican, it is the Federal Government's moral and legal obligation  and responsibility to clean up Hanford. I know that is not an easy  feat, but it is essential. It requires a very deep understanding of a  very large and complex cleanup project and a great deal of respect for  the workers who show up each day to make progress on this massive  project. I remain deeply concerned that Governor Perry and this  administration fail to grasp what is at stake.   I am also concerned that they don't get the importance of another  national asset not far from Hanford, the Pacific Northwest National  Laboratory. For more than 50 years, the men and women at PNNL have been  on the forefront of scientific discovery. It was originally created to  support research and development at Hanford, but PNNL has become DOE's  premiere chemistry, environmental sciences, and data analytics national  lab, tackling some of our Nation's most complex and urgent challenges.   PNNL is a leader in atmospheric research, nuclear detection and  nonproliferation, and the Nation's electric grid. Its researchers have  taken on everything from high-performance computing to advanced  biofuels to analyzing lunar samples from NASA. These are critically  important functions that advance our Nation.   I have worked hard with the entire Washington State congressional  delegation, not to mention a whole host of leaders at the local and  State level, to support this vital research and development hub and its  incredible workforce. Just like the workers at Hanford, they also  deserve leaders in this administration who respect and value their  work. So, if President Trump were truly looking out for workers across  our country, he would take this nomination to the Energy Department  very seriously.   I understand Governor Perry gave his word during his confirmation  hearing that he would work with us and even come to Washington State to  visit Hanford and PNNL. If he is confirmed by the Senate, you can bet I  will hold him to that because one I thing I have learned in the short  40-plus days of this administration is that we do get a lot of words.  But it is the action that truly matters.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   