 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the importance of the Senate's vote to ratify the accession of  Montenegro into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. I am  confident we will see an overwhelming, bipartisan majority of our  colleagues here in the Senate support Montenegro's effort to join NATO.  This is in Montenegro's interest, it is in Europe's interest, and it is  in the national security interest of the United States.   NATO is the most successful security alliance in history, and it is  essential to the stability, freedom, and prosperity that Europe enjoys  and that the United States has enjoyed, and, really, to that stability  that has existed since after World War II. NATO has provided the  security and stability for the freedoms we enjoy and the prosperity.  Montenegro's accession to NATO will help the alliance become more  resilient, and it will deter Russian aggression on Europe's eastern  flank, which is why the alliance invited Montenegro to become its 29th  member last year.   I agree that Montenegro is a small country, but it is geopolitically  important. Its membership in NATO will complete the alliance's control  of the Adriatic coastline, and that will strengthen NATO's southern  border.   Since its independence from Serbia 10 years ago, Montenegro has  pursued inclusion in Euro-Atlantic institutions, and it has been a good  partner to NATO. For example, Montenegro has contributed ably to the  mission in Afghanistan, which is the only time article 5 of NATO has  been invoked. It was after the attacks of 9/11 on the United States,  and our response was to go into Afghanistan. Montenegro joined us,  along with our other NATO allies in this effort. Montenegro also  imposed sanctions on Russia for its aggression in Ukraine.   Montenegro's accession to NATO is also critically important for the  wider Balkan region, which faces increasing Russian influence and  interference. After all, remember that the two major wars of the last  century, World Wars I and II, started in the Balkans. We need to do  everything we can to maintain stability there. This is one of the  things that I believe Montenegro's accession to NATO will help us do.  We saw the increasing Russian influence and the increasing effort to  destabilize the Balkans last year in Montenegro's fall elections.   Since those elections, Montenegrin authorities have arrested several  people in connection with a coup attempt and a plot to assassinate  Montenegro's Prime Minister. There is indisputable evidence that ties  both violent plots back to Russia, which was trying to eliminate a  high-profile supporter of Montenegro's accession to NATO and install,  instead, a pro-Kremlin political party there. Montenegrin police are  still working with international authorities to locate the suspected  Russian masterminds of these efforts.   But when the bipartisan codel from the Senate and House, led by  Senators McCain and Whitehouse, went to the Munich Security Conference  in February, we had a chance to meet with Montenegro's Prime Minister  Djukanovic. He told us in very vivid detail about the efforts to  assassinate him and about Russia's efforts to install instead a pro- Russian government. Do we really think that Mr. Putin, who desires  nothing more than to weaken the NATO alliance, would work so hard to  disrupt Montenegro's inclusion in NATO if he didn't think it would  strengthen the alliance?   Approving Montenegro's accession to NATO would signal support for  Montenegro's independence and sovereignty and for their continued  efforts to move towards the West and away from Russia. It would also  demonstrate our solidarity with countries like Montenegro that Vladimir  Putin is trying to bully, especially in light of our own recent  experience with Russian meddling in our Presidential election. Now is a  critically important time to send Russia the message that we will not  tolerate this behavior. Last fall, a bipartisan group of diplomats,  national security experts, and former administration officials sent a  letter to Congress urging quick action on Montenegro's accession.   Earlier this month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote a letter  to Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer detailing the reasons  Montenegro's accession to NATO is in our interest and urging that we  schedule a prompt floor vote on the accession. Virtually all NATO  members have already formally blessed Montenegro's inclusion in the  alliance. So it is just the United States that hasn't taken this  important step forward.   The case for the Senate to support Montenegro's NATO accession is  overwhelming. That is why it is so frustrating that it has taken so  long. With Senator Johnson, I cochaired the Foreign Relations Committee  hearing on this subject back in September of last year. In December and  again in January, the Foreign Relations Committee approved Montenegro's  accession protocol, and efforts were made to secure the necessary  agreement for the full Senate to do the same. These efforts have been  blocked by just a few Senators, despite the overwhelming bipartisan  support for approval.   I am glad that Montenegro's accession is finally getting the vote in  the Senate that it deserves. The United States has long stood for  freedom and democracy in Europe, and I urge my Senate colleagues to  stand strong for freedom and democracy now by voting to approve  Montenegro's accession to NATO.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cruz). The Senator from South Dakota.   