 Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?    It is my understanding that not only are we fighting  shoulder to shoulder with Iraqis against ISIL, on the day these orders  were signed, we had Iraqi pilots in the United States of America  training to bomb ISIS. If they had come days after the signing of this  order instead of days before, they would not have been allowed to enter  the country for this important training; is that correct?    Sorry. I heard you talking about Iraqis, and I wanted  to make sure everyone in America understood that they were here  training with our military to fight ISIS, and the President of the  United States told them they were no longer welcome.    Mr. President, I am going to make a couple of brief  comments and then yield my hour of postcloture debate.   Let me just say that nothing the President did made us safer. And one  of the most outrageous claims the President made was that we don't have  extreme vetting.   The Presiding Officer and I both serve on the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, and after we realized that we needed to  take a closer look at refugees and making sure bad guys weren't getting  into this country, we instituted an amazing array of vetting processes.   Let me first start with this important principle. Nobody applies to  the United States for refugee status; they apply to the United Nations.  Less than 1 percent of the people who apply for refugee status with the  United Nations are granted the opportunity to go forward. So we start  out with 99-plus percent of the people who apply to be a refugee turned  down at the United Nations, so the less than 1 percent who come to us,  come to us for another aggressive screening process. I went to Jordan  and watched it. There are multiple interviews. It takes 18 months to 2  years. They are vetted through every possible intelligence agency,  every possible database. And by the way, we check what they are saying  even if they don't have papers. There are iris scans. It is the most  extreme vet you can imagine. Of course, because it was so extreme, we  realized that the hole in our system was not the refugees; it was, in  fact, the Visa Waiver Program, which is why we passed a law after Paris  to make sure that anybody who was in certain countries had to get a  visa. Obama didn't do a travel ban. Obama never identified countries  for a travel ban. All President Obama did was say: If you have been in  these countries, you have to have a visa so we have information on you.  [[Page S506]]    I wanted to clarify that because the misinformation that is coming  out of the White House about what we currently have and what is in  place is an insult. I wish they understood the vetting processes we  have in place now for refugees; then maybe we could get back to really  joining arms and trying to figure out what we can do for national  security. One thing we need to do for national security is not give the  back of our hand to the pilots and the other soldiers who are fighting  shoulder to shoulder with us in Iraq against ISIS.   I yield the remainder of my hour of postclosure debate time under  rule XXII to Senator Schumer.   