 Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle from Florida talked about the 1.7 million concealed weapons  permits that are issued in Florida. Let me make it quite clear that  those permits are issued to Floridians for Floridians, not to any  person from any State at any time who wants to bring a gun into  Florida.   Different from my colleague, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to advocate  for the safety of every American and for the safety of our first  responders, who are entrusted with that awesome responsibility.   As Members of Congress, our question should be: What can we all do to  make living in America safer?   Every day, law enforcement officers risk their lives to keep our  communities safe. Last week, I was honored that the House passed the  Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act unanimously. Police  officers have a tough job, and I think we can all agree on this point:  the job is getting tougher.   Mr. Speaker, we must ask ourselves: Why would any Member, Republican  or Democrat, support this legislation that would make a police  officer's job harder, more dangerous, and open our officers up to  personal liability for simply doing their jobs?   This reckless piece of legislation would allow persons from outside  your State to bring their firearms anywhere, including school zones,  without applying the guidelines, laws, restrictions, or oversight of  your State.   Mr. Speaker, I want you to envision this situation from the  perspective of a law enforcement officer. An out-of-state, armed  individual is stopped by that officer. Maybe that individual's license  is legitimate, maybe it is not. The officer is on the side of the road,  facing an armed individual, trying to figure out whether the  individual's permit is authentic, which the officer is obligated to do.   If the permit is fake, failing to stop that individual puts the  community at risk. If the permit is real, stopping the individual has  opened the officer up to potential personal liability.   In the last year, I have heard my colleagues on the other side talk  about how we should better empower States to decide what is in their  own best interest.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation strips individual States  of their power and puts our public safety officers in legal and  personal jeopardy.   Supporting this legislation is reckless and irresponsible. As a  former chief of police, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 38.   