 Mr. President, I would like to address some of the very  serious concerns posed by the nomination of Rex Tillerson for Secretary  of State, along with several of President Trump's Cabinet nominees. But  first I do want to briefly address what unfolded this weekend at  airports across the country following President Trump's appalling and  un-American ban on Muslims and refugees from entering the country.   With the stroke of a pen, the Trump administration caused chaos and  heartbreak for hundreds of families, many of whom are our friends, our  neighbors, and our coworkers. On Saturday night, Members of this  Congress, including myself, were denied answers to even the most basic  questions from border enforcement officers, questions that affect the  people whom we represent.   While I am glad that a Federal judge quickly issued a stay and that  the Department of Homeland Security has since provided further guidance  on the Executive orders, many questions remain and too many lives hang  in the balance.   I am going to keep fighting as hard as I can, and I encourage  everyone who is listening and watching right now to continue making  their voices heard because President Trump is already governing the way  he campaigned, by dividing our country and pushing extreme policies  that hurt families across the country. Again, we saw this so clearly in  the Executive orders he signed this past week.   But it is also something we have seen in the Cabinet nominees he has  put forward since his election. As we all remember, President Trump  said that he was going to drain the swamp, but he seems to think the  way to do that is by filling it with even bigger swamp creatures. He  said he was going to stand with the working class and fight Wall Street  and Big Business. But he nominated a Cabinet full of Wall Street  bankers and billionaires and millionaires and friends and insiders and  campaign contributors.   As many of my colleagues have discussed today, one clear example of  President Trump's broken promise to drain the swamp is the nomination  of Rex Tillerson, CEO of ExxonMobil for Secretary of State. This is a  nominee who is not only a known friend and business partner to Russia,  but someone who publicly spoke against sanctions on Russia after the  invasion of Ukraine and Crimea.   People in my home State of Washington have significant concerns about  who he plans to work for, and so do I--concerns that Mr. Tillerson  failed to adequately address in his hearing. I have said before that  reports of Russia meddling in our election should disturb and outrage  every American, Democrat, Republican, or Independent who believes that  the integrity of our elections is fundamental to the strength of this  democracy. That is why it is so critical we have a Secretary of State  who will stand up to protect those values.   