 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Connolly.   I rise today coming in saying I would support this bill. Many people  know I served 30 years as a Federal employee working in HR,  understanding labor relations, safety issues, environmental issues,  diversity issues, and knowing clear well that the official time that is  allotted to employees to sit down with their representative of the  union to talk about if they feel like they are being sexually harassed,  if they feel like they are in an environment that is not safe for them,  official time is extremely necessary.   What happens in official time? It allows a lot of grievances to be  processed and resolved through communication between union and  management.   There have been several legislative reform proposals introduced to  address the way union representatives are allowed to utilize official  time.   Now, I was taken back when my colleague said ``criminal activities.''  Mr. Speaker, criminal activity is something that is in a whole  different venue. If you are a Federal employee and you create an  illegal activity, you do not need official time to do that. I have  never known, in the time that I served in HR, in labor relations, and  served in all of the different capacities, have I seen someone doing  criminal activity on official time.   It would be a different thing if we were clear that this bill was  about reporting the time, which I would not oppose. But when you  present this scenario about official time, as it being something that  is negative, something that is being used in a criminal capacity, that  is totally something I would be opposed to.    Let me tell you some examples of what representatives can use it for:  If there is a whistleblower accusation, an employee would go to their  union steward and ask for official time.   If it was a grievance on behalf of the employee, they can use it.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, union representatives can also assist if  it is an OSHA issue, if it is racial discrimination, or sexual  harassment.   Instead of allowing employees to complete nonpolitical activities,  some of my colleagues seem more interested in preventing employees from  doing their jobs by using official time.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to defeat senseless attacks against  Federal employees' official time.   