 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to this misguided resolution that will only imperil the  lives of more Americans.   In 2007, this body passed the National Instant Criminal Background  Check System Improvement bill with a unanimous voice vote.   We all agreed that the background check system needed better  information, especially after dangerous individuals slipped through the  cracks and were able to purchase guns they never should have been  allowed to buy in the first place.   Like Jared Loughner, who killed six people in Arizona who were at a  grocery store to meet our colleague Gabby Giffords.   He passed background checks even though he had a history of drug use  and disturbing behavior that should have been in the system.   So the Obama Administration, at Congress's direction wrote this rule  to make sure that federal mental health records make their way into the  background check system, so that it can effectively deny purchases to  individuals who are already prohibited from buying guns.   And let's be clear about what we're talking about.   This rule only affects those with very severe, long-term mental  disorders, and who have been identified by doctors and psychologists as  severely mentally disabled.   It does not paint disability recipients with a broad brush.   8.8 million Americans receive Social Security disability benefits,  yet SSA estimates only 75,000 would meet the criteria under this rule.   That is less than one percent.   Let's also be clear: this resolution is an attempt to hamstring our  federal agencies and to keep them from improving the background check  system.   Rather than work with a new administrator to improve the rule, the  Majority would rather have no rule at all because this bill not only  repeals this background check improvement rule, it also prohibits the  federal government from issuing a similar rule in the future.   We've got it backwards. We shouldn't be repealing gun safety rules,  we should be strengthening them. Gun violence is an epidemic in this  country and we have done literally nothing in Congress about it since  Republicans took the majority in the House in 2011.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, we often tell young  people that if they work hard and play by the rules, their efforts will  be rewarded.   Yet this unjust resolution fails to put our federal government's  money where its mouth is.   It will ensure that our tax dollars continue to go to companies that  fail to live up to their end of this bargain.   Time and again, reports have cited the glaring frequency with which  serial labor law violators receive federal contracts.   In the mid-1990s, GAO identified dozens of companies of violating  core workplace protections, like the National Labor Relations Act and  the Occupational Safety and Health Act.   And these abuses have continued. Reports in 2010 and 2013 again found  that companies with significant labor citations continued to receive  federal contracts.   The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule makes certain that our agencies  have the information about these violations they need to protect  American workers and safeguard our tax dollars.   It makes clear that companies who violate our landmark labor  protections, who deny overtime pay or family leave, and who deny  workers' rights to organize are not rewarded for repeatedly flouting  the law.   It also ensures that workers who have been discriminated against or  sexually harassed can have their day in court. They cannot be forced  into arbitration.   Our procurement laws already ask that tax dollars only go to  responsible contractors, with ``a satisfactory record of integrity''.   Serial labor law violators do not meet this test.   What's more, numerous studies have found that contractors with better  compliance records also perform better.   So let's not brush around the edges; this is not about safeguarding  tax dollars.   This vote is about allowing labor abuses to go rewarded.   I cannot stand for that. I urge my colleagues to vote no.   