 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman so much  for her leadership and this Special Order hour and considering this  subject matter that we are going to discuss.   I want to talk a little bit about something that has sort of been my  observation and my experiences for a very long period of time and I  think that are actually exacerbated by this Presidency that we  currently have in this House. Let me, by way of association, just  comment positively to the remarks of my colleague and the former  speaker, Hakeem Jeffries from New York.   I entitled my remarks ``From the Cradle to the Grave.''   From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America are required to  be resilient, courteous, and persistent. The rules are always  different.   From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America must be  comfortable and confident in ourselves, but only so much so that we do  not intimidate or aggravate.   From the cradle to the grave, Black people in America are told our  plight, our struggle, and our sacrifice is a mere fantasy in post- racial America while we witness the reality of institutional racism,  conscious discrimination, and our rich history erased or appropriated.    From cradle to grave, Black people in America experience this racism  and discrimination walking home from the corner store eating a pack of  Skittles, listening to music at a gas station, or simply sitting in our  neighborhood park.   We experience this racism and discrimination showing up to school in  our natural hairstyles, shopping in our favorite stores, or even just  showing up to work--including the Senate and the House of  Representatives.   Last Wednesday, it was reported that Black troops are far more likely  than their White counterparts to face court-martial or other forms of  military punishment.   National data shows us that Black girls are 5.5 times more likely to  be suspended from school than White girls. That rate actually balloons  in my State of New Jersey to 8.5 percent. More than 60 years after  Brown v. Board of Education, school systems in the United States are  still separate and unequal.   As of 2014, California had 31 open desegregation cases. In 2016, a  Presidential candidate ran a campaign on divisive rhetoric that  targeted our communities, our well-being, and our safe spaces. It only  gets worse.   From the cradle to the grave, we are told to calm down, sit down, and  be courteous and humble. From the cradle to the grave, the experiences,  the challenges, the stories, our history, and even our very being are  kept out of boardrooms, classrooms, voting booths, department stores,  history books, movie screens, television scripts, and the like.   But let me just tell you that, from the cradle to the grave, we are  built to persevere, we are strengthened to overcome, we are born to  lead, we are committed to uplift, and we are fully equipped to soar  with weights on our shoulders even in these times and even under this  Presidency. And guess what. We do.   