 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask all of my colleagues  for their support of H.R. 1117, the FEMA Relief Improvement Act, which  will require the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, to  refocus their efforts on the core of their mission, which is helping  people recover from grave loss in the aftermath of a natural disaster.   In August of 2013, as the chairman and the ranking member mentioned,  the southern portion of my district experienced a major disaster  involving heavy flooding which devastated infrastructure, and it caused  significant hardship for many of my constituents.   Unfortunately, the Federal recovery efforts to this devastated region  added insult to injury. Local officials dealt with multiple  uncoordinated teams conducting duplicative site visits due to lost  paperwork, inconsistent messages between various survey and evaluation  teams, and unnecessarily long  [[Page H2449]]  delays in recovery and reimbursement. Such a response to any disaster  is unacceptable, and change is necessary.    As I work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I have  learned that these issues are not unique to central Missouri. I have  worked diligently with Chairman Barletta in crafting this bill to call  attention to and to rectify FEMA's shortcomings.   This legislation is designed to address the deficiencies of the FEMA  response to the 2013 flooding in my district to ensure future disaster  recoveries in Missouri and elsewhere are as painless and efficient as  possible.   Specifically, this bill requires FEMA to create an action plan to  address inconsistent guidance, to establish appropriate recordkeeping  procedures, and to improve overall assistance to local officials.   Additionally, this simple bill directs FEMA to issue a forward- looking report to identify new technologies that could further aid the  disaster workforce in partnering with private nonprofits as well as  State and local governments in the wake of a disaster or an emergency.   FEMA processes need to be streamlined and consistent in order to help  those recovering from a disaster feel supported and assured relief will  come in a timely, efficient manner.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to bring the  certainty and the assurances of quick relief to all of our constituents  because they deserve the best. I ask my colleagues to join me in  support of H.R. 1117, the FEMA Relief Improvement Act, which passed by  voice vote out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in  February.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairmen Shuster and Barletta and  Ranking Members DeFazio and Johnson, as well as their staffs, for  working with me in this bipartisan, commonsense effort to make the  people get the help and assistance they so desperately need in times of  crisis.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1117.   