 Mr. President, unfortunately I don't share the  enthusiasm of my colleague from Arkansas for Mick Mulvaney to serve as  the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. In fact, I have  great concerns about this nominee's views on a whole range of issues.   Because those views are far outside the mainstream of this country, I  intend to vote against his confirmation. First and foremost, I am  concerned about Mick Mulvaney's repeated votes against raising the debt  ceiling and his reckless willingness to shut down the government in  order to advance his extreme views.   It is Representative Mulvaney's longstanding position that failure to  raise the debt ceiling would not precipitate a crisis. He said: ``I  have yet to meet someone who can articulate the negative  consequences.'' Well, let me articulate the consequences in very simple  terms. If we refuse to raise the debt ceiling, we would default on the  national debt, destroy the credit worthiness of the U.S. Government,  and trigger a global financial crisis.   As the Governor of New Hampshire, I worked very hard with our State  treasurer and with the legislature, through some very challenging  fiscal times, to maintain New Hampshire's State bond rating. We did  that because we knew that lowering the State's bond rating would mean  an increase in costs for businesses trying to borrow money, for the  government trying to borrow money, for taxpayers because they would  have to pay those increased costs, and it would have a ripple effect  across the economy that would have a real impact on the people of New  Hampshire.   Representative Mulvaney does not seem to appreciate what would happen  if the Federal Government defaulted on our debt. He has argued that the  Treasury Secretary could avoid such a crisis by prioritizing interest  payments; in other words, paying foreign holders of U.S. debt but not  Social Security beneficiaries or the men and women of our Armed Forces,  but there is no legal authority to do this. It is impractical, and  recent Treasury Secretaries have denounced the idea. We got a foretaste  of the consequences of default in 2011, when Representative Mulvaney  and others blocked legislation to raise the debt ceiling, a crisis that  took nearly 3 months to resolve.   That manufactured crisis shook financial markets, caused a spike in  interest rates on U.S. securities, and it lead Standard and Poor's to  take away America's AAA credit rating, and it cost $18.9 billion. Who  does Mick Mulvaney think paid those $18.9 billion? It was the people of  this country. Representative Mulvaney has repeatedly threatened to shut  down the Federal Government.   He helped lead the charge in shutting down the government in October  of 2013 in a failed and misguided attempt to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. In 2015, he threatened to shut down the government again in order  to defund Planned Parenthood. Both of those programs are critically  important to the people of New Hampshire. Nearly 1 out of 10 Granite  Staters have health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act.  Planned Parenthood provides accessible, affordable healthcare to women  all across the State of New Hampshire, women who, in most cases, could  not get their healthcare any other way.   As Senator Durbin pointed out earlier, 97 percent of the services  provided by Planned Parenthood are services that have nothing to do  with abortion; they have to do with access to mammograms, to cancer  screenings, to STD testing, the whole range of healthcare services that  women need.   Unfortunately, the 16-day shutdown in 2013 created havoc across the  economy, leading to the loss of an estimated 120,000 jobs. Millions of  small businesses faced significant disruptions, many employees were  laid off, and some businesses could not make payroll. But  Representative Mulvaney is unrepentant. He insists that the shutdown  was worth it. Well, tell that to some of the businesses in New  Hampshire that took a huge hit. His brand of government by temper  tantrum is reckless, it is irresponsible, and it should not be rewarded  with a nomination to be the chief budget officer for the country.    Representative Mulvaney's disdain for true fiscal conservatism and  his unbalanced budget priorities should also give us pause. He supports  budgets that would provide massive tax cuts for corporations, for those  at the top, and he would pair those with deep budget cuts for the  middle class and the most vulnerable people in our society, including  seniors and people with disabilities.   Representative Mulvaney advocates for radical cuts to Social Security  and to Medicare and Medicaid. He has promised to end Medicare as we  know it, privatizing it and converting it to a voucher program that  shifts costs to seniors.   He advocates raising the retirement age to 70 for Social Security and  67 for Medicare. Imagine telling construction workers and others who  perform heavy labor that they have to work until age 70 before they can  retire with the security of a Social Security check.   He also advocates shifting costs to States by block-granting  Medicaid. Essentially what block grants do is give the money to States  and allow them to administer those dollars. As a former Governor, I  think States can administer those dollars, but when you want to cut as  much as $1 trillion from healthcare services, which is what Mick  Mulvaney wants to do, then you can administer them as well as possible,  but you are still not going to be able to make up to the seniors and to  disabled Americans and others in nursing homes for the cuts that are  going to come when you block-grant those dollars to States.   Unfortunately, that is not the end of his extreme budget ideas. He  advocates taking a meat-ax to the whole range of programs that bolster  the middle class, everything from cancer research, to Pell grants, to  healthcare.   Representative Mulvaney has even questioned the appropriateness of  Federal funding for scientific research. In a Facebook post questioning  the scientific consensus linking the Zika virus to microcephaly, he  wrote: ``What might be the best question: Do we really need government  funded research at all?'' Think about that.   Senator Durbin was very eloquent in talking about the difference that  research has made in ending polio and addressing so many other  diseases, such as HIV, that have affected Americans and people across  the world. Well, the President's choice--Mick Mulvaney--to draft his  annual budget, to be the head of his budget office, openly doubts that  the government should be involved in addressing public  [[Page S1199]]  health threats, such as Zika. So how deeply does he plan to cut funding  for the Centers for Disease Control, for the National Institutes of  Health, for our National Laboratories, and for federally funded  extramural research? We don't know the answer to that, but we can  assume from his statements that it is going to be significant.   Federally funded R&D is critical not only to addressing threats to  public health but also to developing new technologies that enhance our  national security and protect the environment. These technologies are  essential to growing our economy and maintaining America's global  leadership in technology and biomedical sciences.   In New Hampshire, the most dynamic sector of our economy is high-tech  manufacturing and innovation. For our economy to grow, we need to stay  ahead of global competition. But that doesn't happen on its own; it  requires sustained investment in basic research--often research that  the private sector considers too risky to do on its own.   As ranking member of the Senate Small Business Committee, I have seen  this vividly demonstrated by the very successful Small Business  Innovation Research Program, or SBIR. SBIR works by harnessing the  creativity and ingenuity of America's small businesses to meet the R&D  missions of our Federal agencies, while also supporting the growth of  small, high-tech companies that create good jobs in local communities  across this country.   One recent study found that every dollar awarded by the Air Force to  SBIR firms generated $12 in economic growth. That growth happens  because small businesses develop technologies and then commercialize  those technologies, creating good jobs in each of our States.   Many of these technologies are developed for our Armed Forces to  better protect the homeland. A great example of that, which I have seen  firsthand, is a company based in Hanover, NH, called Creare. Creare is  working with the Navy to develop an innovative clothes dryer that  dramatically reduces the risk of fires on submarines, and that is just  one example of why the SBIR Program is the envy of the world.   I want to quote Dr. Charles Wessner, who led the National Academy of  Sciences study of the SBIR Program. In describing that program, he  said: ``The rest of the world thinks this is the greatest thing since  sliced bread.''   Well, make no mistake, this successful program is in serious jeopardy  if Representative Mulvaney puts Federal R&D investments on the chopping  block.   It is truly shocking that the President has nominated a budget  director who questions the value of Federal funding for R&D. We need to  invest in science. We need to invest in our small businesses, which  create two out of every three jobs in this economy.   The OMB Director is one of the most senior economic advisers to the  President of the United States, with enormous influence on policy  matters.   Representative Mulvaney has been a zealous advocate for radical cuts  to Social Security, to Medicaid, to the whole range of programs that  support the middle class in this country. In addition, his willful  failure to pay required Federal taxes has raised serious concerns about  his integrity, which we all know is essential for every Cabinet  officer.   After careful study of his record, I urge my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to come together to reject this nominee. Putting Mick  Mulvaney in charge of OMB is not just letting the fox guard the hen  house; it is giving him a gun to kill the chickens, a pot to boil those  chickens in, and a knife to eviscerate them when they are done.   Let's give President Trump the opportunity to put forward a qualified  candidate with mainstream views to protect the middle class and to  honor this Nation's financial obligations.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   