 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose this  legislation concerning a waiver for General Mattis.   I know that all of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee who  just left the hearing on this very topic with General Mattis and this  entire body take the oversight role of our committee very seriously. We  take civilian control of the military as a fundamental constitutional  principle of the Founding Fathers. Even George Washington put aside his  commission 5 years before he became our Commander in Chief and became  the President of the United States. When Congress in 1947 debated the  National Security Act to create the Department of Defense and create  the Secretary of Defense, they decided to imbue this idea of civilian  control into the Secretary of Defense by law, by mandating that he had  to be separated from the military at least 10 years before taking on  the role of Secretary of Defense, enshrining again this notion that  civilian control is so important to our democracy and our American  values.   On Tuesday, the Armed Services Committee had a very compelling  hearing. We had two experts testify about the reasons for civilian  control and why they are still so important today. The importance of  having a Secretary of Defense who brings a civilian perspective to this  position and brings with him or her a breadth of views and experience-- those views coming from a civilian are very important.   Second, they said it is very important not to politicize our officer  ranks, meaning our senior, top military advisers jockeying for the next  job as a political appointee. That undermines the functioning of the  military, and they testified about countries where it has had such  deleterious effects.   The third reason is concern about bias toward one service or another.  Arguably, if one comes from a particular service, one may have  preferences innately for that branch of service, which could undermine  the strength of our military.   The fourth reason, which is really important in today's world, is the  desire to model civilian control for other countries around the world  that are struggling to become more democratic, less autocratic, and  less militarily run.   Those are the four reasons given as to why civilian control of the  military is so important. Dr. Cohen and Dr. Hicks both agreed--despite  those four reasons--that from their perspective, it should be  abrogated. Dr. Cohen said it was because the characteristics of the  incoming administration gave him such concern that he needed to have  someone like General Mattis and thought the qualities of General Mattis  were important. Even Dr. Hicks said it was the qualities of General  Mattis that were so unique and important, but she very importantly  said: Never, though, should we say that it is time for a general to be  the Secretary of Defense. In her perspective, it should never be that  you need a general. So for her it was not the exigencies of  circumstances; it was the specific characteristics of General Mattis.   Overwhelmingly, the Senators and the Members of the Armed Services  Committee, myself included, have expressed enormous gratitude for the  extraordinary service of General Mattis. That is not in debate. But if  there is no civilian in all the world as of today at this moment who  could meet the needs of the incoming administration, then who is to say  that there will be no civilian in the future who could meet the needs  of this administration, should they need another Secretary of Defense,  or the next administration?   What we are doing today, inadvertently, because of a cherished notion  we have toward this one nominee, is subverting the standard, and, in  fact, this exception now can swallow the whole rule. If we are  literally saying an exception could be made because of the nature of an  administration and the nature of a nominee, we have literally swallowed  the rule.   I think it is a historic mistake. I truly believe we are about to  unwind something that has served this country well for the past 50  years. We are about to unwind it. Interestingly, the last time the  Congress unwound it, they said: Never again.   They didn't say: If you have an urgency as we have now, which was the  concern, according to these experts, that World War III was looming,  the concern that we needed a well-known, well-loved general because of  all the foreign policy worries of the moment with North Korea; they  said: Never again.   I don't know why we are here. I really don't know why--because it is  not the standard.   Now this is the world we are going to live in. President-Elect Trump  will mainly have his foreign policy input from two four-star generals  and a three-star general. So where is the diversity of opinion coming  from? Where is that balance going to come from, the No. 1 reason the  experts gave for why we have civilian control of the military-- Tillerson?   Even General Marshall, if we remember history correctly, had the  experience of being a former Secretary of State and head of the Red  Cross, so he had civilian experience in addition to his military  experience. Civilian control has very important constitutional reasons  based on our democratic values, the balance of power, and how our  democracy runs. Those principles are being gutted and ignored. We are  not using the right standards, and I think it is a historic mistake.   As I stated, this has nothing to do with our particular nominee.  These principles exist for a reason. It has enabled our country's  success for decades and has kept our democracy safe. If we take this  change in our laws lightly, as we are about to do today, when future  Congresses--or even this same Congress 2 or 3 year from now--look at  this and want to make the same exception, it will be much easier to do.   I will continue to oppose this waiver for any nominee who is not a  civilian or who has not met the waiting period that is required by law,  and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. I urge them to vote no.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   