 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this rule  and the underlying bill, S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick  Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017.   This bill strengthens penalties against those who retaliate against  whistleblowers, adds protections and opportunities for whistleblowers  placed on probation, and ensures Federal employees have a greater  knowledge of whistleblower rights and protections.   Specifically, this bill forbids a supervisor from taking or  threatening to take action against an employee because they refuse to  obey an order that would violate a law, rule, or regulation.   I want to thank Senator Ron Johnson for his persistence in pushing  this legislation even after the former Senator Harry Reid shut it down  last Congress.   What a poignant and meaningful gesture to name this bill after Dr.  Chris Kirkpatrick, a VA employee who took his own life after being  subjected to cruel retaliation from VA officials. I hope it puts in  perspective the immense emotional burdens that victims of retaliation  face.   Mr. Speaker, this issue is personal for me. Unfortunately, I have  seen exactly what retaliation against whistleblowers looks like, how  easy it is to get  [[Page H7933]]  away with it, and why we have to put a stop to it.   Last week marked the 3-year anniversary since the director of the  central Alabama VA became the first senior manager in the country fired  as a result of the wait-list scandal. That was a major step towards  turning around one of the Nation's worst VA systems and restoring trust  with the veteran population it serves.   Mr. Speaker, I can say, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it would  have never happened without brave whistleblowers inside the VA telling  me the truth.   Two brave individuals in particular, Sheila Meuse and Rich Tremaine,  told me the truth about major instances of misconduct and mismanagement  when no one else would. Seeing no other way to achieve change, they  finally told their story to the media, at great personal risk to their  careers.   The stories that emerged from these exposures were almost  unbelievable:   More than 1,000 X-ray cancer screenings were lost and unread for  years, even though some showed malignancies. When alerted to the  problem, top administrators tried to cover this up.   A pulmonologist manipulated more than 1,200 patient records but, even  after being caught twice, was still given a satisfactory review.   A central Alabama VA employee took a recovering veteran to a crack  house and bought him drugs and prostitutes in order to extort his VA  payments. Even when caught, this employee was not fired until a year  and a half later when we exposed it in the newspaper.   Mr. Speaker, this behavior is egregious, and, trust me, there is a  lot more where it came from.   However, had it not been for the courage of those on the inside to  expose this wrongdoing, the world might not have ever known. To me and  to the veterans whose lives they might have saved, they are heroes. But  that is not how they were treated by VA officials. They were treated as  enemies and outcasts, all because they tried to do the right thing.   Rich Tremaine actually testified here before the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, detailing the systemic way that some VA officials attempted  to silence and marginalize him. The effects of him blowing the whistle  on wrongdoing follow him to this day, far away from Montgomery,  Alabama.   Mr. Speaker, my experience working to clean house at the VA taught me  a fascinating and frustrating truth about the culture in some parts of  the VA. The system routinely goes out of its way to protect those who  don't do their jobs or even harm veterans, but then goes after those  who try to stop that misbehavior.   For years, because of poorly written civil service laws and powerful  unions, too many VA employees got the message that misconduct,  negligence, and poor performance would be tolerated, but blowing the  whistle on that kind of behavior would not be.   I have seen it too many times. All too frequently, VA employees  caught for doing the wrong thing are reprimanded, shuffled around to  different jobs, or allowed to quietly retire, but those who try to do  the right thing by our veterans by shining a light on misconduct are  persecuted, intimidated, or worse.   While I am proud of the work that we have done for the last 3 years  to put an end to this unacceptable culture at the VA, there is much  work left to be done.   Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why Federal employees face retaliation  for speaking up. It is not because people are just naturally mean or  because there is some kind of misunderstanding. The reason  whistleblowers face systemic retaliation is because it works. When a  brave whistleblower faces intimidation or persecution for their action,  every other employee sees it, and they know what will happen to them if  they tell the truth. It has a powerful, chilling effect--one we saw  firsthand in Montgomery.    They retaliate because it works. That is just wrong, and it is time  to punish those who do it with harsher penalties. We need to rethink  our civil service laws in this country to make sure public servants  live up to the honor and responsibility of the public trust, and I  believe that this bill is another positive step in that direction. Mr.  Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to bring it to the floor by  supporting this rule.   