 Madam President, last week, I rose to talk about the  importance of tax reform. I believe this is a policy issue we cannot  talk about enough and that we cannot emphasize enough. So, today, I  rise to talk about how important the reform is to our small businesses,  and in the coming weeks, I will be up here to talk about other  important aspects of tax reform.   We are all from different States and other parts of the country, but  we all know small businesses are a major economic driver in our  country, as 95 percent of businesses in the United States are small  businesses, and that number is even higher in my State of West  Virginia. Small businesses employ more than half of West Virginia's  workforce. Yet our small businesses face a marginal tax rate as high as  39.6 percent. At the same time, their effective tax rate can vary  widely. In fact, a CNBC survey showed that 22 percent of small  businesses cannot really say what their effective tax rate really is.   Think about that.   If you are a small business that is a partnership or an LLC, then  your profits are going to pass through to you and be taxed at the  individual rate. There are currently seven individual tax brackets.  Then you have credits and deductions. There is also a self-employment  tax, and the list goes on. On top of that, small businesses can have  Social Security and Medicare taxes, a Federal unemployment tax, and  employment taxes. That is not even taking into account taxes like a  State-level income tax or property tax and more. That is why businesses  and individuals spend billions of dollars a year to comply with the Tax  Code. That is more than 18 hours for every man and woman and child in  the United States of America. If I could give a visual here, that is  basically 3 million people working full time on taxes for small  businesses at a cost of $195 billion.   The point is, it is complicated. Our Tax Code is too complicated, and  that is part of what tax reform is about--simplifying the Tax Code. If  Congress can simplify the Tax Code just to cut compliance costs in  half, think of how many significant resources that would free up that  would be better used to grow the economy, create jobs, raise wages, and  expand businesses.   The National Federation of Independent Business, which represents  325,000 small businesses across this country, called this tax reform  framework a good start, and it has urged us to take swift action.  According to a survey by Paychex, 41 percent of small business owners  want tax reform to be the very top priority.   Whom will these reforms really help? We are going to have a long  discussion on this. This is just part of whom they will help. They will  help the small businesses that employ so many people in my home State  of West Virginia. They will help people like Eric Hott, of EH  Chocolates & More, from Hampshire County. Eric has a great story. Eric  grew up on a farm in Kirby, WV. His mother was from Hornberg, Germany.  While growing up, his grandmother was always cooking something. After  graduating from high school, Eric moved to Germany to begin a culinary  apprenticeship. By 2006, he had a chef apprenticeship at a five-star  hotel in Germany. He went on to serve at events like the G8 Summit and  for guests that included the German Chancellor and his First Lady.  After running a patisserie in Germany, he moved to Switzerland, where  he refined and perfected the art of chocolate-making. That sounds good  to me. Then what did he do? He wanted to come home. He returned home to  West Virginia. He went back to Kirby, WV, and started his own small  businesses--first EH Chocolates & More and, later, Farm Fresh Produce.  Both are growing and delicious businesses.   Small businesses employ middle-class Americans who power this and  other small businesses across the country. We need more folks like  Eric--lots more--who are willing to take the risk, who have a good  idea, and who want to stay and work in their own homes in rural America  and certainly in our State of West Virginia, which has had a major  economic downturn. We need more Eric Hotts. We need to simplify the Tax  Code for small businesses and let them focus on what they do best,  which is refining their products, providing their services, and  providing jobs for people in their various areas.   As much as any other policy that Congress can advance, tax reform  will promote growth and provide job opportunities across this great  country. Across the entire country, only two in five distressed  communities have seen any job growth during the past 5 years. Fully 50  percent of U.S. job growth has occurred in just 2 percent of our  country's counties.   We need to change that. We need to help small businesses that are  major economic drivers in every part of our country. It is no wonder  that small businesses have found it difficult to open, let alone  succeed in many parts of our country. Because of our outdated Tax Code,  real wages for most workers have barely increased for decades. By  modernizing our Tax Code, we can create more opportunity and higher  wages for Americans. We can achieve a simpler system with lower rates  that is good for business and workers and, from the description I just  put forward, would be a good time saver and resource saver.   The best thing about this in terms of small business is that it would  lead to more jobs. Let's create an environment that leads to more  investment in our States and continues to grow and build jobs. These  are the changes hardworking West Virginians and Americans are hungering  for. In order to make West Virginia the best place to live and work,  now is the time for tax reform.   I look forward to working with my colleagues to make this a reality.  Doing it will benefit so many--everyone in this country.   I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arizona.   (The remarks of Mr. Flake pertaining to the introduction of S. 1937  are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills  and Joint Resolutions.'')   