 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this final amendment says plainly that the  Securities and Exchange Commission should take into account whether any  proposed rule will have an impact on outsourcing American jobs.   Many of us, especially those of us in the industrial heartland,  represent regions that have experienced serious job losses because of  companies sending jobs overseas. I will tell you a little bit about  mine.   I have the honor of serving Illinois' 17th Congressional District.  Most of my district is rural. It spans 7,000 square miles, 14 counties,  and covers the entire northwestern region of the State of Illinois. We  are the world headquarters for John Deere. You have probably seen the  tractors or the combines out there on the farmland.   We are also the world headquarters for Caterpillar, and, as you have  traveled around our country and around our world, you have probably  also seen the yellow, big, earth-moving equipment. That comes from my  congressional district.   But like many parts of our heartland, our region has seen far too  many manufacturing jobs shipped overseas. I am going to give you a  couple of examples.   In a town called Galesburg, Illinois, we had a Maytag plant that made  refrigerators. Overnight, every last one of those jobs was shipped to  Mexico. A dozen years later, the wages there still have not recovered  because of that outsourcing.   We have a town called Hanover, Illinois, a little, bitty town in  northwestern Illinois. There was a plant called Robertshaw. They made  little valves that go inside of washing machines and dishwashers that  measured the water that would flow through. There was nearly a zero  percent defect rate on what was produced out of that plant, and the  company was profitable. And yet, every last one of those jobs went to  Mexico.   And then we had a company called Sensata. They made auto part  sensors, and it was bought out by a company called Bain Capital. You  might know a little bit about this company called Bain Capital. And  they shipped every one of those jobs over to China.   I have made friends with a lot of the workers there, one of whom is  named Dot Turner. She had worked there for 40-plus years, started right  out of high school. And she had the indignity of--the last function  that she had to do at that plant was to scrape the tape off the floor  that laid the area for where the machinery had been; that was what she  had to do.   So I am here to tell you those stories, but also to say that this is  happening to way too many workers. Men and women like Dot Turner  understand the dignity that comes with having a good job and putting in  a good, hard day's work. They understand that a good career is a  pathway to a better future for themselves and for their families. But  too many people like Dot have been left behind.   So what are we going to do? What is ahead?   In just 9 days, President-elect Trump will take the oath of office  after running on a platform of making America great again. He said he  would do that by bringing home jobs that had been sent overseas.   Well, many my colleagues on this side of the aisle have been fighting  to protect American jobs for years. In fact, we have put forth real  solutions to spur growth in the manufacturing sector and get our middle  class back to work. We have introduced more than 80 bills in our Make  It In America agenda, but we have been blocked at so many turns.   So what kind of legislation is making it to the House floor instead?  Bills like the one we are going to be voting on soon; bills that would  make it more difficult for the Securities and Exchange Commission to  protect investors and consumers, would make it more difficult for that  to happen, and bills that would gamble the retirement savings of  everyday Americans as if we were a Trump casino.   Working families deserve more than a bumper sticker slogan. They know  that talk can be cheap in a place like Washington, D.C., and they are  tired of politicians putting billionaires over the little guy. That is  why this motion would ensure that our focus is on bringing back  outsourced jobs.   Working families need to know that we here in Washington are fighting  for them. Please join me, and let's show the American people that we  are serious about this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   