 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43  which overturns an Obama-era regulation forcing States to administer  title X healthcare funding to abortion providers like Planned  Parenthood.   Time and again, this Congress has risen with bipartisan support to  oppose the taxpayer funding of abortions. Annual provisions, including  the Hyde amendment, have been passed repeatedly and have saved an  estimated 2 million innocent lives.    Today, we rise again to stop the taxpayer funding of abortion  providers. I want to be clear. Nothing we do today will take a penny  from women's health. Instead, we are empowering States to redirect  these funds to community health centers and hospitals that offer more  comprehensive coverage to women.   In 2014 alone, Planned Parenthood performed more than 300,000  abortions while failing to provide even the most basic services, like  prenatal care, at many of their facilities.   Hospitals and federally qualified health centers not only offer a  broader range of services, but also greater accessibility in many  cases. While there is only one Planned Parenthood center in South  Dakota, we have six federally qualified health centers that operate in  45 service sites and serve more than 54,000 individuals per year. These  care centers offer low-income families health services, but they don't  perform abortions. We can support women's health--and, specifically,  health care for low-income women--without supporting abortion  providers.   Simply put, H.J. Res. 43 does not restrict access or funding to  health care for low-income women. What it does do is help protect  taxpayers from funding abortion providers. It empowers the States to  direct healthcare funding to organizations that truly do support  women's health, and it makes strides toward protecting the most  vulnerable among us, the unborn.   I thank Chairman Black for her commitment to this issue, and I am  proud to stand beside her as a partner in this effort.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from the State of Washington (Ms. DelBene).   Ms. DelBENE. Madam Speaker, another week, another attack on women's  health. Only 6 days ago, the Senate confirmed a Secretary of Health and  Human Services who opposes women's access to no-cost birth control--a  man who claimed that not one woman has struggled to afford  contraception. Now, House leaders are working to eradicate the number  of places where women can access birth control. It is unacceptable.   For more than 40 years, title X has been a bipartisan program that  helps vulnerable Americans get basic health care like cancer  screenings, HIV tests, and contraception. In 2014 alone, it prevented  over 900,000 unintended pregnancies. But if this resolution passes,  millions will find themselves without access to the essential care that  they need, especially those in rural and underserved communities.   I have said it before and I will say it again: Our constituents  deserve better. It is time to focus on the priorities that matter to  the American people.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   