 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  what my bipartisan healthcare bill with Chairman Alexander means for  the people we are all here to serve, what it means for patients and  families in my home State of Washington and across the country who are  worried about being able to afford the healthcare they need, and what  it means for States and communities and hospitals that are  administering and providing care.   Negotiations of this magnitude are always tough. There are some  things you agree on, and sometimes there is common ground that emerges  early, but there is no question that you also find areas of strong  disagreement. You have to work your way to each answer step by step.   One issue that Chairman Alexander and I agreed on from the very start  of our negotiations, where we worked our hardest, and what we had the  most discussions on was the goal of putting patients and families first  and that it would be families who would benefit as much as possible  from our efforts to restore stability to our markets. That was the crux  of our debate. It was our guiding star.   I am very proud to say that our bipartisan bill does just that. Here  is what is at stake. Here is what we know. Patients and families across  the country are looking ahead to next year. They are rightly worried  about their healthcare--premiums, benefits, and coverage--and they are  realizing that they are about to pay the price for the uncertainty and  partisanship we have seen on healthcare over the last 9 months.   Like all of my colleagues, I have listened and I have talked with  many of these families in my home State, at hospitals, schools,  roundtables, and in meetings with patients, doctors, providers, and  veterans. They have all made it very clear that enough is enough with  playing politics with people's healthcare.   Here is how our bipartisan bill would protect those families and  restore certainty to the markets. I will not go into all of the  details, of course, but I do want to focus on some really important  points.   First of all, this bill would restore the out-of-pocket cost  reduction payments that President Trump has announced he will be ending  for this year as well as for 2018 and 2019. This means that some  serious sabotage--something that experts say would raise premiums by  double digits for millions of families--would be off the table.   Second, this bill would make significant investments when it comes to  healthcare outreach and enrollment to make sure that families know  about their insurance options.   Third, this bill makes some changes to give our States more  flexibility when it comes to developing plans and offering options  while maintaining essential health benefits, like maternity care and  protecting people with preexisting conditions or protecting the  elderly--and all of this while making sure that costs go down for  families and preventing insurers from doubledipping and padding their  profits with both cost reduction payments and higher premiums.   Put simply, this bill is an important step in the right direction of  preventing premium increases, stabilizing healthcare, and pushing back  against President Trump's recent actions.   This bill reflects the input of patients, Governors, State  commissioners, experts, and advocates, and it has strong support from a  majority here in the Senate. So far, 24 Senators--12 Democrats and 12  Republicans--have cosponsored this bill. I know there are a lot of  others who agree that we need to act and that we must do so in our  working together under regular order, as with our bill, rather than  doubling down on partisanship and dysfunction.   I am focused on moving our bill forward as quickly as possible, and I  certainly hope that the majority leader will listen to the Members on  both sides of the aisle who also want this bill to be brought up for a  vote without delay.   Let me be clear. As this bill moves forward, I am certainly open to  changes that expand access to quality care, put families ahead of  insurers, and maintain those core patient protections that I have been  clear all along have to be protected. I am certainly not interested in  changing our bipartisan agreement to move healthcare in the wrong  direction.   Chairman Alexander and I have a record of seeing tough legislation  through to the end together, whether that is K-12 education, FDA user  fees, mental health reform, or opioid use disorders, which is why I am  confident that we can do the same with this stabilization bill.   We have negotiated a strong agreement that has the support of 60  Senators, and the support is growing. The President has also expressed  his support for our effort, so I see no reason why we should not move  this bill through the Senate, get it signed into law, and then continue  the bipartisan discussion on healthcare in the country.   I will also take some time to talk about another pressing healthcare  challenge, and that is the immediate need to extend Federal funding for  the historically bipartisan, expired primary care cliff programs, like  the Community Health Center Fund, the National Health Service Corps,  and, of course, the Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP.   It has now been almost 25 days since the Federal funding of these  primary care cliff programs and CHIP were allowed to expire by the  Republican majority, and in that time, I have heard from thousands of  people in my State and nationwide who are urging Congress to act. Each  day that passes is a day that we are failing to meet our commitment to  these families and putting the health and well-being of nearly 9  million children, including more than 60,000 children in my home State  of Washington and the 25 million patients who, at great harm and great  risk, get care from the community health centers.   In Washington State, as in so many other States, notices to families  about gaps in their children's healthcare are about to go out as soon  as December 1, and in my State, we will run out of Federal funds for  CHIP in November.   Let me be clear. Parents in my home State and across the country  should not be up at night, worrying about their children's healthcare  because Congress cannot get the job done. That is so unacceptable.   There is a bipartisan deal in the Senate right now that was  negotiated between the chairman and ranking member of the Finance  Committee that would provide certainty for this vital program. I  understand that extreme House Republicans have chosen, instead, to take  an irresponsible path in their trying to ram through a partisan bill  that will jeopardize the efforts in the Senate and in the House to come  to an agreement as soon as possible.   To be clear, this delay has not been without serious consequences,  but we can still act. It is up to Republican leaders now to reverse  course, come to the table, and join with Democrats to get this done. It  should not have to be said, but there should not be any place for  partisanship or politics when it comes to protecting the children and  families we represent. I hope that we get this done and get it done  quickly, and I hope that all of our Members will move forward on this.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   