 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  speak on behalf of myself, along with Senator Wyden, about the  incredible healthcare impacts that this tax bill will have on families.   It is astonishing just how far my Republican colleagues are willing  to run from the truth in order to jam this terrible tax bill through  Congress.   They said it was going to lower taxes for the middle class. Well, it  will not.   They claim it is going to create jobs. Experts tell us the exact  opposite.   They are once again telling families to place their faith on tired  trickle-down economic theories, and we have seen how that works. It  doesn't.   Unfortunately, I could go on, but I did come to the floor this  afternoon to clear up any remaining confusion about one particular  claim that Senate Republicans are making in order to justify handing  more tax breaks to massive corporations and the wealthy.   The Senate Republican tax bill includes a truly devastating  healthcare change that is going to raise families' premiums, cause  millions of people to lose their coverage, and create even more chaos  and instability in our healthcare markets. People have rejected every  single Republican attempt this year to undermine their healthcare, so  it is worth asking, why are they doing it again? Why are Republicans  doing it in this bill? The answer is simple. Republicans wanted to  spend the savings from taking away millions of people's healthcare on  tax cuts for those at the top.   Taking healthcare away from families to pay for big corporations' tax  breaks is bad enough; what makes it even worse is how they are trying  to deny what they are doing.   Senate Republicans are claiming that if they pass the bipartisan bill  that Chairman Alexander and I agreed on, all the damage from the  healthcare sabotage in their tax bill will somehow go away. They  couldn't be more wrong. Our bill, the Alexander-Murray bill, was  designed to shore up the existing healthcare system and deal with the  problems that President Trump and Republicans already created, not to  solve the new problems in this awful Republican tax bill. And just  yesterday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirmed that.  Here is what they said will happen regardless of whether Alexander- Murray becomes law as well: Premiums will go up 10 percent each year,  13 million people will lose coverage, and markets will be even more  unstable, which experts have said will cause some of our communities to  lose their coverage options.   There has been some discussion on whether passing something called  reinsurance, which is a program designed to help with the cost of  enrolling the sickest patients, might mitigate the serious damage this  Republican tax bill would do. The answer is no there as well. This  policy is good policy on its own, but it will not stop the premium  increases, and it will not stop the coverage losses and the chaos this  Republican tax bill will cause.   The Republicans are doing everything they can to avoid the facts, but  that doesn't make them go away. While hiding behind these bipartisan  [[Page S7658]]  bills might seem like a good talking point in Washington, DC, political  cover doesn't pay families' medical bills or give them their coverage  back. It does not help people with preexisting conditions who may get  priced out of the market. It doesn't help people in communities where  markets are already unstable thanks to President Trump's year of  sabotage, meaning insurers are ready to exit if things get worse.   One more point. Over the last year of roller coasters on healthcare,  there is one thing we could count on; that is, President Trump and the  Republican leaders making empty promises. Republicans who are  comfortable voting for this awful tax bill because of promises they got  from President Trump--who called his own TrumpCare bill ``mean'' when  it suited him--and Republican leaders who have written check after  check they couldn't cash on healthcare are placing a bet that is more  than risky. In fact, this bet is so risky, it requires House  Republicans voting in favor of supporting ObamaCare changes they have  already said they oppose. If you have spent 5 minutes in this Congress,  you should know that getting House Republicans to support ObamaCare is  as tough a sell as it gets.   The truth is, if Republicans are serious about not undermining  families' healthcare, there is a very easy way for them to actually do  that. They can step back from the brink right now and work with  Democrats on healthcare and taxes in ways that actually help, not hurt,  the people we are supposed to be here to serve. They are far down the  road, I understand, but it is not too late. They can turn around. It is  not too late to do the right thing. That is what we are asking.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Will the Senator from Oregon yield?   