 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   In his first full week as President, Donald Trump continued to make a  mockery of the ideas upon which our Nation was founded. In addition,  his de facto Muslim ban is contrary to the national security interests  of the United States. His actions are not only discriminatory and  bigoted, but also reckless, dangerous, and counterproductive to any  authentic effort to defeat terrorism.   As a member of the House Homeland Security Committee, I am concerned  this will only serve to stoke anti-American sentiment across the globe,  including our international partners committed to eradicating global  terror threats.   My colleagues have outlined the ways in which men and women they  represent have been impacted at this present moment, and highlight the  uncertainty that those constituents feel about the future. But we  cannot forget those who have come to this country in pursuit of the  future that the American Dream has promised.   Close to 17,000 students from the seven affected countries attend  U.S. colleges and universities. The 12th District of New Jersey  represents these  [[Page H725]]  men and women, both young and old, at a multitude of 2-year, 4-year,  and technical institutions.   The President of Princeton University--one of the most revered  institutions in the world, housed in the heart of my district--released  a statement concerned that the success of Princeton and many other  institutions of higher education across this Nation depend on America's  ability to attract and engage with talented people from around the  world.   Rutgers University, the flagship public university in my State, has  students, researchers, and professors from all seven countries on  Trump's barred entry list who are currently traveling outside of this  country. The impact on university personnel was felt most immediately  after the executive order went into effect.   Two Iranian nationals who are associate professors at the University  of Massachusetts at Dartmouth were detained Saturday upon arrival at  Boston Logan International Airport. Today I talked with university  officials in my district who have faculty members that need to return  home in order to renew visas, but are afraid to leave. At another  college, one-fourth of their applicants come from the countries that  are impacted by this ban.   A constituent in East Brunswick, who is a non-Syrian political  refugee, sits in limbo as only one of her four minor children passed  through our already thorough and extensive processing and was approved  for a visa. USCIS put a hold on the process of the remaining three due  to lack of communication and direction and understanding from this  travel ban.   By feeding off of fear, hatred, and bigotry, this administration's  incendiary Muslim ban has created confusion, disruption, and chaos that  is rippling around the world.   As our Federal agencies and international partners seek to understand  and combat this meritless policy, I call on the House Oversight and  Government Reform Committee, on which I sit, to hold an immediate  hearing with leadership at the Department of Homeland Security to  review concerning reports about the crafting and execution of this  President's order.   I also requested that the House Homeland Security Committee, which I  also serve on, to move up its February 7 hearing on this issue so that  we may urgently address the national security implications of this  administration's actions.   In short, Mr. Speaker, this is the United States of America. We  respect diversity because this is a nation founded and made great  because of immigrants. We are not going to stand by and allow President  Trump, with his un-American ideals, to push forward on American  policies. Understand that we will resist at every turn.   