 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Capital  Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee, my friend and  colleague, Mr. Huizenga, for his support.   Mr. Speaker, first, I also wish to thank the ranking member and  Congressman Foster for his support of this issue both in the 114th  Congress and the 115th Congress.  [[Page H8547]]    H.R. 3911, the Risk-Based Credit Examination Act, makes the criteria  required in annual reporting by nationally recognized statistical  rating organizations, or NRSROs, just that: risk based.   In 2008, the financial crisis taught us many lessons. It also  highlighted how NRSROs regularly gave high ratings to mortgage-backed  securities. As we now know, these mortgage-backed securities led to one  of the largest financial collapses, which some economists have put on  par with the Great Depression of the 1930s.   In 2010, with the passage of Dodd-Frank and in an attempt to prevent  previous mistakes, these organizations were hit with new requirements  aimed at enhancing their disclosures and transparency. Unfortunately,  the one-size-fits-all annual reporting requirements mandated under  section 932 of Dodd-Frank placed unnecessary burdens and compliance  costs on small NRSROs that were in no way the cause of the financial  crisis.   Contrary to what some might believe, more regulation doesn't solve  everything; in fact, it doesn't solve most things.   After the Office of Credit Ratings was created in 2012 and the new  requirements were put into place, smaller NRSROs found it difficult to  enter the marketplace. Ironically, the large credit rating agencies-- which, again, had a hand in the financial crisis--are getting bigger,  driving out small credit rating agencies and making it clear that these  new regulatory requirements missed their intended mark and placed  unnecessary requirements on smaller NRSROs.   Mr. Speaker, a move to a risk-based model will alleviate the burden  on small NRSROs and provide competition while continuing to maintain  oversight and transparency over the industry. The marketplace needs  this fix. As the chairman noted in a 2013 letter, SEC Chairman Mary Jo  White concurred with these conclusions.   Let's be clear. This bill does not eliminate reporting requirements  for credit rating agencies; instead, it simply makes the criteria  required in annual reports risk based. Credit rating agencies will  still be held accountable, while allowing real competition in the  market.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that is  both bipartisan and commonsense, something we don't often see in  Washington, D.C.   