 Mr. President, what we are seeing here today is just the  latest broken promise from President Trump and his Republican Party.  After weeks of secret negotiations, back-room deals, shutting out  patients, families, and Democrats and even many Republicans from this  process, Senate Republican leaders are now just days away from putting  a bill on the floor that could not be more impactful or more  devastating to families' bank accounts and their health. As even  Republicans are pointing out, there has not been a single hearing, no  robust debate, no opportunity for the people who will really suffer  under this bill to see exactly how bad it would be.   This disastrous TrumpCare bill deserves full scrutiny under an open  process, like the process that Democrats conducted when we passed the  Affordable Care Act. We held hearings, we took amendments from both  sides, and we certainly didn't leave the fate of women's healthcare up  to a few Republican men.   Senate Republicans are right to be ashamed of this mean and heartless  legislation. Just like the House TrumpCare bill, it will increase  premiums, it will undermine protections for people with preexisting  conditions, it will defund Planned Parenthood, and it will allow  insurance companies--insurance companies--to charge women more. It is  going to gut Medicaid. It will take away care for our seniors, pregnant  women, people with disabilities, and it will take health insurance  coverage away from millions of people across the country--and for what?  To give another massive tax cut to the wealthy and well-connected.    I would be ashamed, too, if I had to defend a bill that is cruel. I  can certainly understand why Republican leaders do not want to give  people time to see what is in this bill and why they don't even want to  give their own Members time to see how much their constituents hate it,  but that is the bed Senate Republicans have now made. If they are going  to try to pass this disastrous version of TrumpCare, at the very least  they shouldn't get to jam it through without the public knowing good  and well what they are up to.   Mr. President, I ask a parliamentary inquiry: Is the Chair able to  confirm that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  considered S. 1679, the Affordable Health Choices Act, which was  ultimately incorporated into the Patient Protection and Affordable Care  Act, in executive session on 13 calendar days prior to reporting the  bill favorably?   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary of the Senate's  Office through the Senate Library can confirm that.    That is confirmed.   So I ask unanimous consent today that any substitute or perfecting  amendment offered to Calendar No. 120, H.R. 1628, not be in order if  the text of the amendment has not been the subject of a hearing,  subject of executive session, during which amendments from both the  majority and minority were considered and reported favorably by the  Committee on Finance and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objection?   The majority whip.    Mr. President, I heard the objection.   I just have to say, the exchange we just heard is exactly what we  have been objecting to. We were told the bill would be online at 9:30  this morning. It was online at 11. I have a copy of it, but we are  hearing from the other side now that this isn't the bill. This is a  discussion draft. We aren't going to see the bill. We will not see the  real bill, apparently, until next week, even though we were told we  would see it this morning.   This has been the problem we have had since this discussion started.  We started in January with a process which cut us out of this under  reconciliation. Thirteen men in a private room wrote this ``discussion  draft,'' which is not a bill, that we are supposed to now look at and  decide whether we like it--and the American public--a discussion draft,  a bill even the other side doesn't know what we have. That is what we  are objecting to.   We are asking that the American people--who have a right to know what  is going to impact every one of their lives, every one of their  families, every one of their communities, every one of their  businesses--have more than a discussion draft, more than 10 hours of  debate, time to look at it, and know how we are going to do an  amendment process next week.    I would be happy to.    Oh, Mr. President, I am well aware of that; and I will  remind our colleagues and everybody in this country what will happen:  There will be 10 hours of debate, where we hopefully have more than a  discussion draft that we will be allowed to offer amendments on, and  there will be no debate on those amendments. No one will know what it  is. It will be a chaotic process on this floor. The American public  will not know. We will be able to tell them days later, after this gets  undone.   That is not an amendment process. That is not what we went through  when we passed the Affordable Care Act. The American public deserves  better.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The minority leader.   