 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Connecticut, who  frames this exactly correctly on the vote that we are about to take on  a motion to proceed to yet another CRA that will be another broken  promise on the part of President Trump and Republicans. President Trump  said that he would help workers and put them first. But the legislation  we are about to move to will get in the way of our States' efforts to  expand access to retirement savings programs, which is something that  so many workers in this country really need.   President Trump said that he would drain the swamp, but by rolling  back this rule in question, as Republicans are proposing today,  President Trump and his party are sending yet another very clear  message, on top of many others in the last 100 days. They are listening  to Wall Street rather than working families.   This rule--all it does is clarify an existing safe harbor that  affords flexibility to States that want to give workers more options  for their retirement. It is not complicated. It would do a lot of good  for families across the country, including in my home State of  Washington.   I will have a lot more to say this afternoon, as I know many of our  colleagues will, but this is about taking away the options for people's  retirement security. I hope the Senate will turn this down.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, like so many, I spent the weekend  reflecting on what the past 100 days have meant. And from President  Trump--aided by congressional Republicans--it has been 100 days of  broken promises, 100 days of far too much division, and 100 days of  attacks on women and workers and seniors. It has been 100 painful days  for many, no doubt about it.   It is not surprising then that to kick off their next 100 days,  President Trump and Republicans have prioritized today, sending a clear  message to Wall Street that the Trump administration remains open for  business and is committed to standing with them and not with working  families. That can be the only possible message, since today, Senate  Republicans have advanced another one of their favorite tools this  Congress--yet another CRA--to thwart efforts by States to simply  provide their workers access to retirement savings program.   In March, Senate Republicans voted to overturn a rule that would  allow major cities the flexibility to start their own retirement  savings programs. No doubt, the negative impact of this reversal has  already been felt across the country. Today's effort by Republicans to  target State programs would have even more far-reaching consequences  now and in the long term.   If Senate Republicans jam through this CRA that is on the floor  today, they will be pulling the rug out from numerous States  nationwide, leaving over 15 million workers, which includes nearly 2  million workers in my home State of Washington, without any easy option  to save for their retirement.   This is going to have a significant, chilling effect across our  retirement system for our workers, for our Governors, for State  legislators, and State treasurers.   As AARP said this week, it would send the political message that  Congress is opposed to State flexibility to increase retirement  savings. We would likely see a number of States delay action or  legislation to offer workers more savings options because of the  perceived congressional prohibition. This cannot and it should not  happen.   Fifty-five million workers today in our country lack access to a  workplace retirement plan through their employer. That is about one- third of all of our workers in this country. Our retirement savings gap  has continued to worsen, and it is true for most States across this  country. It is true for my home State of Washington, despite progress  and steps in the right direction over the past few years.   Today, fewer than half of all Washington State workers participate in  a retirement plan at work, and nearly 90,000 Washington small  businesses offer no retirement arrangement. This is too common all  across our country. Because Congress has been unable to come together  to address this retirement savings crisis, States have now begun to  step up to help workers save for retirement through savings programs.   As I previously talked about on the floor, these savings programs  simply allow employers to automatically enroll workers while giving  workers the opportunity to opt out. These programs only apply to  businesses that do not currently offer retirement plans. They in no way  limit an employers' ability to seek out and offer their own employer- sponsored plan.   These plans are worker and business friendly. There is little  paperwork required for workers to participate in the program, and there  are no added burdens to small businesses. In fact, in these programs,  employers are strictly required only to serve in administrative  capacity.   Last year, Democrats working with the Obama administration pushed for  guidance to provide certainty to States that have launched their own  retirement programs. This guidance simply clarifies an existing safe  harbor allowing employers to establish payroll deduction IRAs, which  gives States clarity they need that these programs will not be  preempted by Federal retirement law.   This guidance merely provides flexibility to cities and States to  move forward with these programs, and in fact it was requested by the  States and local officials. This is pretty common sense. In fact, it is  the kind of proposal that Democrats and Republicans have agreed on for  several years.   As much as my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may not like  to recall now, many of them have been on the record previously  supporting just these kinds of efforts. Really, it is not hard to  understand why. As I have said, it is very clear who President Trump  and Republicans are standing with on this. Working families across our  country are seeing clearly that on any chance to move the ball forward  for them and their retirements, Republicans are now standing in the way  and choosing instead to put the interests of Wall Street first.   This is a critical vote. Families are watching. If you say you stand  with working families, you vote against this resolution. If you want to  meaningfully address our retirement crisis, vote against this  resolution.   I urge our colleagues to reject this harmful repeal. I urge them to  stand with our States and our working families who just want to provide  economic retirement security for the families in their States.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   