 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come here today to talk about the  nomination of FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, but before I begin, I think all of  us have incredibly heavy hearts in our homes, in our States, in the  country, and in the world, as the horrifying events of Las Vegas really  begin to sink in.   I just saw an article come across the news line in my home State of  West Virginia with one of the first identifications of the victims. Her  name was Denise Burditus. She is from Martinsburg, WV. She and her  husband Tony were at the concert together. They have been married 32  years. They were high school sweethearts and were there vacationing and  at the concert. Tony wrote on his Facebook page that his wife died in  his arms. So we have lost a mother of two, and soon to be a grandmother  of five, to this horrible tragedy. My heart sinks for them and for  everyone. I really don't have the words to say to comfort or explain or  understand, except that I feel deeply sad and sorry, and I pray for  them and their families.   Today, Madam President, I want to talk about the nomination and  reappointment of Ajit Pai as the Chairman of the Federal Communications  Commission. Chairman Pai has been an important partner in my quest to  bring rural America and much of my State online. I was very lucky to  meet Chairman Pai several years ago. Without question, he has been a  champion.   Without question, high-speed internet access has allowed us to  connect with one another on a scale we never could have imagined a  decade ago. No other technology has become so critical to our daily  lives. It is the backbone for our innovation, competition, and economic  growth. From starting a business to digital learning and telemedicine,  broadband access is critical to the strength of our economy and our  communities. Unfortunately, for all the potential opportunities that  broadband can offer, not having access to this important service can  create insurmountable barriers.   Better connecting States like mine--West Virginia--through improved  broadband has become one of my top priorities. Without this, our rural  areas risk being left behind. The digital divide exists in this  country, and rural Americans are the ones who are on the wrong side of  the divide. Small communities and businesses across West Virginia and  elsewhere in rural America lack this fundamental infrastructure.   No one understands these issues more than Ajit Pai. Chairman Pai grew  up in rural Kansas. He told me that sometimes when he goes home to  visit his parents, he cannot get connected in his own hometown. He  knows the challenges facing rural communities.  [[Page S6245]]    I have had the pleasure of hosting Chairman Pai and his staff  multiple times in West Virginia. Most recently, Chairman Pai came to  Wardensville in Hardy County, WV, where we have good connectivity and  where we have actually been able to create new businesses and  opportunities for a small town such as Wardensville. Following our  visit, we traveled just 20, 30 miles over to Hampshire County, where  getting high-speed internet has been far more challenging. There,  Chairman Pai met Eric Hott of Kirby, WV, who has a small chocolate  business. Eric is having trouble following up with orders and  attracting new customers because he can't get consistent broadband  access.   Last August, I held a roundtable discussion with Chairman Pai in  Fayette County, WV, focusing on the digital divide and the impacts on  tourism. We visited Adventures on the Gorge. I even convinced him to  join me on a bridge walk across the beautiful New River Gorge. This  outdoor recreation destination is one of West Virginia's most beautiful  and premier tourist destinations, but the small businesses there are  hampered by the lack of connectivity.   We heard firsthand from business owners who can't grow their business  because of poor internet connectivity. It is hard to attract a talented  workforce to live and visit in these more rural parts of our States. A  local restaurant owner shared their difficulty in notifying customers  of available tables through their online system. They lost business  because of this.   During each of the Chairman's visits, we discussed possible solutions  to promote greater access and competition. Chairman Pai is a great  listener. He listens to what the issues are, and those include reducing  barriers to investment, streamlining the regulatory environment,  encouraging public-private partnerships, and ensuring accountability on  behalf of the taxpayer.   Following his tour across the country, during which he stopped in  West Virginia, Chairman Pai proposed a digital empowerment agenda right  down the alley of the issues we just talked about--to grant Americans  living in communities of all sizes, from urban cores to smaller, rural  towns, with these online opportunities. Chairman Pai's agenda  highlighted a variety of specific measures the FCC, Congress, and State  and local governments could make to simplify broadband deployment.   Broadband access will be the result of partnerships between private,  local, State, and Federal agencies and organizations. We need to have  this collaboration to eliminate duplicative and outdated programs so  that States like mine can efficiently deliver broadband to our rural  communities efficiently and cost-effectively.   By listening to communities like ours--and remember, I said Chairman  Pai is a great listener--the Chairman has built a plan for achieving  widespread broadband access that meets the unique demands of our rural  communities.   The FCC plays an imperative role in addressing these issues in large  and small States, particularly rural States like mine.   In the 21st-century economy, robust telecommunication networks are  increasingly important for today's users and the foundation of future  innovations.   Under his leadership at the FCC, he has already taken steps toward  modernizing the Commission's role and promoting digital empowerment.  Since the beginning of his tenure, the Commission has hit the ground  running, enacting a broad strategic vision to close the digital divide,  to modernize the Commission's rules, promote innovation, protect  consumer and public safety, and improve the Commission's daily  operations.   Under Chairman Pai's leadership, the Commission has made significant  investments to deliver broadband service to underserved and unserved  areas of the country. I am confident that rural America will see more  progress with his continued leadership, and today I am very proud to  support his renomination to the FCC as he ascends and retakes the  chairmanship of a very important part of our communications and  telecommunications network.   With that, I yield back.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   