 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the Congresswoman  for having this Special Order to address this issue and for continuing  to be such a leader on behalf of this great democracy that we have.   Although I was not in Congress when this AUMF was established, more  than 15 years later, it is clear this authorization is not designed for  this endless and perpetual war on terror.   I commend the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) for her bravery  and her unwavering stance for what is right.   Sadly, what the gentlewoman feared is now our reality. Just today,  U.S. forces participated in an airstrike against the Assad regime under  the umbrella of the same AUMF. This is just the latest example of this  virtual endless war we are able to wage in the Middle East and beyond.   As of January 2013, DOD reported 7,008 U.S. military deaths in the  war on terror in addition to the over 50,000 that have been wounded.  This does not include the huge numbers of civilians killed and families  that have been impacted by the U.S. military machine. This is  compounded by the harsh reality that, according to Pentagon statistics,  suicide, not combat, is the leading killer of U.S. troops deployed to  the Middle East to fight Islamic State militants. Between 2001 and  2010, the rate of suicide in the military has doubled.   When we decide to commit our troops to our mission, it needs to be  with clear goals and the explicit approval of Congress, approval that  aligns with the goals of the administration and the Commander in Chief.  Anything less puts personnel at risk, draining vital resources,  finances, and our military.   We are taking our military away from readiness everywhere. We are  making tactical and deliberate actions less feasible by spreading our  military capacity thin. We are not doing our job if we allow carte  blanche to any President to wage a nebulous war.   This is not just a bipartisan issue, this is an American issue.   I have voted against funding bills that maintain operations under the  2001 AUMF under the previous administration and feel no differently  today. Quite frankly, based on the actions of this President, I have  even less confidence that he has a reasonable and targeted plan to deal  with such a complex military issue.   We need a deliberate process. We need a new AUMF that establishes  strict parameters, attainable goals, and, most importantly,  accountability. There is a real cost here, a human cost here; so  whether it is an additional 1 or 1,000, our troops demand more, our  allies demand more, and this country of ours deserves more.   