 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to highlight  yet another dangerous nominee who has been put forth by this  administration.   During the campaign, President Trump made promise after promise to  workers. He said he would put them first. He said he would bring back  good-paying jobs to our struggling communities. While he made this  promise to all workers, he specifically called out miners on more than  one occasion, so it would stand to reason that President Trump would  prioritize the Mine Safety and Health Administration and nominate a  leader who is committed to the agency's core mission.   MSHA is critically important to ensuring that mining jobs are safe  and that mining companies aren't unnecessarily endangering their  workers' lives and safety. MSHA is responsible for inspecting mines and  holding companies accountable when they violate safety and health  standards. MSHA's top priorities are to eliminate fatal mining  accidents, reduce the frequency and severity of accidents, and minimize  health hazards for workers through inspection enforcement.   Unfortunately, we are already seeing MSHA safety standards lapse  under the Trump administration. Earlier this year, MSHA was set to  implement a rule that would require safety exams of mines prior to the  start of a miner's shift. Ensuring mines are safe before miners are put  at risk should not be controversial. Yet the Trump administration has  delayed implementation of that rule and proposed changes to actually  weaken it.   Given this concerning record so far, it is so critical--absolutely  critical--that the MSHA Administrator is committed to standing up for  our miners. But instead of nominating an advocate for workers' health  and safety, President Trump nominated one of the industry's worst  offenders.   David Zatezalo is a mining industry executive who has made it clear  that he cares more about corporate profits than workers. When he was  the CEO of Rhino Resources, one of the mines under Mr. Zatezalo's  control received unprecedented safety penalties. A Rhino mine was the  first in history to be cited twice for a pattern of violations, an  action that is only taken when there is a clear and demonstrated  disregard for workers' health and safety.   When the Obama administration issued commonsense rules to improve the  pattern of violations process, the Ohio Coal Association, where Mr.  Zatezalo sat on the board of directors, sued to block the rule.   Under Mr. Zatezalo's leadership, two separate mines owned by Rhino  Resources had injury rates that far exceeded the national average.   As a mining executive, Mr. Zatezalo refused to play by the rules. His  company violated the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act by giving  advance notice of an MSHA inspection, meaning employees had the  opportunity to cover up potential health and safety violations.   Rhino Resources was sued by the EEOC for creating an unlawful,  hostile work environment by allowing an employee to be targeted based  on his national origin. The EEOC said Zatezalo's company allowed  discrimination to ``continue unchecked in the workplace'' and cited  Rhino for retaliating against the employee instead of reprimanding  those who were doing the harassing.   It is clear to me that Mr. Zatezalo is wholly unqualified to serve as  the Mine Safety and Health Administrator, and I believe that if he is  confirmed, he will put thousands of miners' lives and safety at risk.   I am very disappointed that President Trump and congressional  Republicans are once again breaking promises to workers. I urge my  colleagues to join me in standing up for our miners across the country  and vote against Mr. Zatezalo's nomination.   Once again, the contrast with Democrats' vision couldn't be starker.  Under the leadership of Senator Casey, Democrats are advocating for  stronger enforcement abilities for MSHA so we can hold operators who  show a repeated disregard for miner safety accountable.   I really want my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join us  and pass these commonsense reforms that will help prevent further  mining accidents and deaths. We will strengthen our economy if we start  prioritizing workers' health, safety, and well-being over corporate  profits. I believe that must begin with rejecting President Trump's  extreme agenda and these nominees who appear all too willing to  implement it without concern for the workers and families they are  supposed to serve.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The Senator from Utah.   