 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Black.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 43. This  resolution will overturn an Obama administration rule that forces  States to direct Federal funds to abortion providers like Planned  Parenthood.   States receive Federal funding to support family planning services,  and they have the discretion to distribute these title X funds in the  way that best serves their communities. Many States have exercised  their discretion to direct title X funding to community health centers  and family health clinics that do not provide abortions and withhold  funding from abortion providers like Planned Parenthood.   It is just common sense that States know the needs of their people  and their communities better than Washington bureaucrats do. The States  should be able to decide how these Federal funds are distributed.   Unfortunately, the Obama administration disagreed, so they issued a  last-minute regulation in their final days in office that would force  States to distribute funding to abortion providers. Their rule would  take away States' abilities to direct title X funds to providers that  offer comprehensive care but do not participate in abortion. It would  force States to enable the flow of funds to Planned Parenthood and  others in the abortion industry. I think it is reprehensible.   Now Congress has the opportunity to right this wrong and undo the  massive overreach. We are taking action to defend taxpayers and defend  life by using the Congressional Review Act to overturn this rule.  Overturning this rule won't reduce funding for women's health care. In  fact, it will let States direct these funds in the way that is best for  their citizens. It will ensure States can support women's heath as well  as protect the unborn.   Madam Speaker, this resolution is essential to rolling back executive  overreach and standing up for the sanctity of life. I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting H.J. Res. 43.   