 Mr. President, I rise to thank my colleagues for their  support of my legislation to overturn President Obama's eleventh hour  rule that revokes States' rights to determine the best eligible  subgrantees for title X family planning funding. It should be the right  of our States to allocate subgrants under the title X program in the  way that best fits the needs of the people living there. Unfortunately,  like many other rules that were issued during the Obama administration,  this rule attempted to empower Federal bureaucrats in Washington and  silence our States.   As we all know, States are closer to and more familiar with the  healthcare providers and patients within their borders and should be  able to make their own decisions about the best eligible title X  subgrantees, be they hospitals, federally qualified community health  centers, or other types of providers. A number of States have acted in  recent years to prioritize title X subgrants to more comprehensive  providers, where women can receive greater preventive and primary care  than they can with providers like Planned Parenthood.   The Obama administration's rule attempted to claim that providers  like Planned Parenthood can ``accomplish title X programmatic  objectives more effectively.'' This rhetoric does not match the  reality. In fact, after Representative Diane Black and I led more than  100 of our colleagues in pointing that out to the Obama administration,  HHS acknowledged the challenge of measuring effectiveness across all  types of title X recipients and subrecipients and therefore removed the  word ``effectively'' from the final rule.   So why was this rule implemented in the first place? It is because  the Obama administration wanted to do everything it could to secure  Federal funding streams for Planned Parenthood before they turned over  the keys to the Trump administration. With our vote today, we prevented  that from happening.   But let me be clear. Although it is no secret that I do not believe  Planned Parenthood--the Nation's single largest provider of abortion  services--is deserving of Federal taxpayer dollars, this legislation  does not prevent Planned Parenthood or any other specific entity from  receiving title X funds. If States like Washington or Massachusetts  want to distribute title X subgrants to Planned Parenthood, this  legislation to overturn the Obama administration's rule will not  prevent them from doing so, nor does overturning the rule reduce  overall funding levels for the Title X Family Planning Program.   In fact, this legislation does not in any way decrease women's  healthcare  [[Page S2139]]  funding. Rather, overturning the rule merely empowers States over a  Washington-knows-best mentality and assures that States have the  ability to identify the best eligible title X subgrantees. It restores  local control and ensures that States aren't forced by the Federal  Government to provide abortion providers like Planned Parenthood with  taxpayer dollars.   I appreciate my colleagues' support of this legislation, and I look  forward to President Trump signing it and scrapping the Obama  administration's overreaching eleventh-hour rule.   I yield the floor.   