 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues who have  spoken this evening.   As I have said, I would have liked to have spent this transition  period working with the President-elect on ways to solve our Nation's  issues. I would have liked to have been reassured that, despite  disparaging and divisive rhetoric, his actions would have worked to  unite us all. Instead, we are battling against a nominee who has  already been deemed unfit for a Federal judgeship. So what can possibly  make him fit to serve as our Nation's top law enforcement officer?   The definition of justice is the quality of being just, impartial, or  fair. Synonyms include equity, objectivity, and neutrality. Senator  Sessions has built a reputation and a voting record that does not align  with justice. I do not wish to relitigate the past, and while it cannot  be ignored, we don't have to look too far back to identify Senator  Sessions' priorities. In 2006, he voted to renew the Voting Rights Act.  In 2013, he supported the Supreme Court decision to strike key  provisions of that law.    Following being denied a Federal judgeship, Senator Sessions  cosponsored legislation to honor Rosa Parks with a Congressional Gold  Medal while also voting against legislation in 2009 to extend Federal  hate crime protections against people targeted because of their sexual  orientation. Further, he has been the ringleader to immigration reform.   How can we in good faith recommend, nominate, or confirm a person to  a post that is solely responsible for protecting the civil rights of  all Americans, including those who are vulnerable, disadvantaged, and  discriminated against?   This administration is continuing to ask us to put aside our  intellect and to trust their intentions. I refuse. This administration  would like us to support a man who, throughout his career, has  determined the rights of those who look like me, like constituents I  serve, as inferior. I refuse, and I ask the Senators to please consider  this as they listen to whether or not this gentleman deserves to be  confirmed.   Mr. Speaker, as I've said before, I would have liked to have spent  the transition period working with the President-Elect, Trump, on ways  to solve our Nation's issues.   I would have liked to have been reassured that despite disparaging  and divisive campaign rhetoric--President-Elect Trump's actions would  work to unite us all.   Yet, instead we're here battling against the nominee for the 84th  attorney general of the United States who was already rejected as a  federal judge.   His disqualification was rooted in allegations that he called a black  attorney ``boy'' and his suggestions that a white lawyer working for  black clients was a race traitor.   Not only that but Senator Sessions found humor in his only issue with  the Ku Klux Klan was their drug use, and accused civil rights groups as  being ``un-American'' organizations trying to ``force civil rights down  the throats of people who were trying to put problems behind them.''   So what could possibly make him fit to serve as our Nation's top law  enforcement officer at the Department of Justice?   The definition of justice is the quality of being just, impartial, or  fair.   Synonyms for justice include equity, objectivity and neutrality.   Senator Sessions has built a reputation and, most importantly, a  voting record that does not align with that definition.   I do not wish to re-litigate the past as I would not want to be  judged on my actions and thoughts of 30 years ago. However, Senator  Sessions' growth and commitment to inclusivity--even 30 years later-- remains to be seen.   Following being denied a federal judgeship, in the early 90s, Senator  Sessions co-sponsored legislation to honor Rosa Parks with the  Congressional Gold Medal, while also voting against 2009 legislation  that extended federal hate crime protections to people targeted because  of their sexual orientation or gender identity.   While in 2006 he voted to renew the Voting Rights Act, just years  later in 2013 he supported the Supreme Court's decision to strike key  provisions of the law.  [[Page H227]]    Furthermore, he has been the ringleader of opposition for immigration  reform.   How can we in good faith recommend, nominate, or confirm this person  to the post that is solely responsible for protecting the civil  liberties of all Americans--including those who are vulnerable,  disadvantaged, and discriminated against.   This administration is continually asking us to put aside our  intellect and to trust their intention. I refuse.   This administration would like us to support a man who throughout his  career has determined the rights of those who look like me and the  constituents I serve are inferior. I refuse.   This administration would like us to sit idly by as Donald Trump  tries to overwhelm us into tacit submission to his dangerous agenda. I  refuse.   A Trump-Sessions Department of Justice would be not only an attack on  our civil rights and equality; it would be an insult to the  intelligence of the American people.   