 Thank you, Mr. President.   As we speak, millions of Americans are working to put their lives  back together after what has been an especially devastating series of  disasters, from hurricanes that caused unprecedented flooding, which  the Senator from Florida just spoke about, the catastrophic damage  there, to deadly wildfires that have scorched communities across the  West. From Santa Rosa to San Juan, there are countless families who  need a hand up right now,  [[Page S6724]]  and we have to be there for them, including our fellow Americans in  Puerto Rico, where a vast majority of families on the island are still  without power or access to clean water, as we just heard.   I am glad we will soon take up a relief package to send resources to  help our neighbors in need, many of whom have lost everything. I am  glad, as you will hear from many of our colleagues on the floor today,  that this is not the end of our commitment to those affected by these  recent disasters but, rather, a downpayment on what we know will be a  very long road to recovery for many devastated regions. But I challenge  my colleagues to do one better. Not only could we address the  longstanding fisheries disaster that continues to cause hardship for  the men and women of our fishing industry and our Tribal communities,  we could also fix the flawed way this country fights wildfires.   For far too long, the U.S. Forest Service has been forced to use up  its budget fighting wildfires every season, only to have no funds left  over to work on preventing them. This is a very dangerous cycle and a  disservice to so many communities in the West. It has only gotten worse  as climate change takes hold, which means our wildfires have grown more  massive in size and intensity in recent years. I urge my colleagues to  treat wildfires like the disaster they are.   I hope we all take this moment to acknowledge all of our neighbors  affected by disaster, even if they don't make the front page of the  paper. Let's use this opportunity to get the policy right and help out  all our neighbors in need.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from New Jersey.   