 Mr. President, I rise today to praise President Trump for  selecting an eminently qualified nominee in Judge Neil Gorsuch to be an  Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. No one can dispute the  academic credentials and intellectual rigor of Judge Gorsuch. In fact,  even a former Acting Solicitor General under President Obama, Neal  Katyal, called Judge Gorsuch ``one of the most thoughtful and brilliant  judges to have served our Nation over the last century.'' Just  yesterday, he joined the Republican and Democratic Senators from  Colorado in introducing Judge Gorsuch at his confirmation hearing  before the Senate Judiciary Committee.   Judge Gorsuch graduated with honors from Columbia University and then  Harvard Law School. He later earned a doctorate in legal philosophy  from the University of Oxford. Prior to becoming a judge, Neil Gorsuch  was Principal Deputy to the Associate Attorney General and Acting  Associate Attorney General at the Department of Justice, worked as a  litigator in private practice, and served as a law clerk to Supreme  Court Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. Moreover, earlier this  month, the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal  Judiciary rated Judge Gorsuch ``well qualified,'' its highest rating.   One of my constituents who went to high school with Judge Gorsuch  took the time to send me a note in support of his character, calling  him ``the most reasonable, smart, principled, kind, and humble person I  know.'' Even at a young age, he made a positive impression on his  colleagues--something he has continued to do today.   During the course of Judge Gorsuch's 10-year judicial career, his  opinions have reflected not only his outstanding legal acumen but also  his respect for the Constitution and his Scalia-like ability to explain  his decisions.   Judge Gorsuch was nominated to his current position on the U.S. Court  of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit by President George W. Bush in  2006. As a testament to Judge Gorsuch's exceptional credentials, the  Senate confirmed him by unanimous voice vote. Several current Members  of the Senate from both parties, including Minority Leader Schumer,  supported Judge Gorsuch's confirmation. The people spoke last November,  and our new President has put forward a well-respected nominee whom the  Senate has previously confirmed with unanimous support. It is time for  Washington to work together as our constituents expect us to do, to  help protect and defend our coequal branches of government and the rule  of law. If confirmed, Judge Gorsuch's dedication to interpreting the  text of the Constitution and statutes as they are written rather than  attempting to legislate from the bench will help to do just that.    As Judge Gorsuch himself has stated in one of his opinions: ``A judge  who likes every result he reaches is very likely a bad judge, reaching  for results he prefers rather than those the law compels.''   I have had the great honor of meeting with Judge Gorsuch to learn  more about his judicial philosophy, and over the next few days, the  American people will also get to learn more about Judge Gorsuch through  his confirmation hearing. I am confident they will also determine he is  qualified to serve on our Nation's highest Court. I look forward to  moving ahead to fill the Supreme Court vacancy with this eminently  qualified nominee, and I thank him for his willingness to serve his  country in this critically important role.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   