 Mr. President, as a U.S. Senator, one of the most  important and consequential choices I make is whether or not to support  a judicial nominee.   The men and women of the bench are often the final gatekeepers of our  Nation's justice system--and the right kind of judge shows up to work  every day to make the system work for every citizen, free from  prejudice or bias.   With that principle in mind, I strongly oppose the three nominees for  the circuit court whose nominations are before the U.S. Senate.   While President Trump has the right to make nominations, Members of  this Senate also have the right to reject those nominations.   It is clear, based on the records of the three nominees before us,  that is exactly what Members of this Senate ought to do.   Vote no.   Don't be a rubberstamp for this President's hateful agenda or his  obvious disdain for the rule of law.   The first nominee this Senate should reject is Leonard Grasz, whom  President Trump picked to serve on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. Grasz is a notable nominee but for all the wrong reasons.   He is notable because his peers at the American Bar Association  unanimously found Mr. Grasz ``not qualified''--just the third nominee  in nearly 30 years to receive this distinction.   The ABA report shows his peers questioned whether Mr. Grasz could  look past his ``deeply-held social agenda and political loyalty to be  able to judge objectively, with compassion and without bias.   These are serious red flags--and it is unconscionable for any of my  colleagues to turn a blind eye to relevant information regarding Mr.  Grasz's ability to do his job fairly.   I am also disturbed by the willingness of several of my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle to slander the nonpartisan ABA as some sort  of liberal front group instead of evaluating its factual assessment.   The ABA has done this body a great service of neutral and fair  evaluation over many decades, for which Members of the Senate should be  grateful.   I also have grave concerns regarding Don Willett, one of two nominees  for the Fifth Circuit.   Mr. Willett has been unabashed in his criticism of equal rights for  women--expressing caustic views on pay equity, justice for sexual  assault survivors, and age discrimination.   He has resisted equality for LGBTQ Americans and defied the key same- sex marriage ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court.   No judge who thumbs their nose at the Supreme Court is fit for a  lifetime appointment.   No person who compares the right of one person to marry the person  they love to a ``right to marry bacon'' is fit to administer justice in  this country.   President Trump's other nominee for the Fifth Circuit, James Ho, has  a similarly disturbing track record on LGBTQ rights.   He has also called for eliminating all restrictions on campaign  finance and is  [[Page S7963]]  an ardent defender of giving the executive branch even more power.   I can see why President Trump would want Mr. Ho on the court, but Mr.  Ho's pattern of giving more leeway to the executive branch should be  deeply concerning to everyone else.   In sum, the three nominees President Trump sent to this Senate for  review fall far short of the standards this Senate should demand or  that this country deserves.   I want to make clear that these nominees have a completely backward  and harmful record on women's constitutionally protected reproductive  rights--and would seek to undermine Roe v. Wade.   Stacking our courtrooms with judges who will bend to the will of one  President's hateful, divisive agenda is wrong--and will not be  forgotten.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take a stand.  Reject President Trump's politically driven attacks on women's health  and rights. Reject efforts to chip away at fundamental rights and  respect for the LGBTQ community, and reject his judicial nominees who  will serve only to give him the green light to expand his own power.   Vote no on circuit court nominees Leonard Grasz, Don Willett, and  James Ho.   