 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  American Health Care Act.   Yesterday marked 7 years since the ObamaCare law was signed into law.  For 7 years, we have seen the same pattern: rising premiums, dwindling  options, broken promises, and a collapsing system.   In the State of Indiana, four insurers left the ObamaCare exchange  just this year in the past 3 months, forcing 68,000 Hoosiers to shop  for a new plan, making it even harder for them to choose and keep their  doctor.   But today we have the opportunity to repeal ObamaCare and replace it  with a patient-centered system, lowering costs, increasing choices, and  providing real protection.   This legislation dismantles ObamaCare's burdensome taxes, mandates,  and the job-killing medical device tax.   It gives individuals and families access to quality, affordable  health care through refundable tax credits and expanded health savings  accounts.    It provides resources for States to tailor solutions to the needs of  their citizens, protecting women's health, addressing the opioid  crisis.   It gives States flexibility to implement innovative reforms.   It allows my home State to continue building on its patient-centered  Healthy Indiana Plan.   It protects patients with preexisting conditions and ensures a stable  transition so no one has the rug pulled out from underneath them.   With the American Health Care Act, we are delivering on our promise  and acting on the policies of President Trump. This bill is just the  first step in a three-part effort to repair our Nation's healthcare  system. Coupled with administrative actions and additional legislation,  the AHCA will lower costs and build a marketplace with real choices  instead of a one-size-fits-all plan.   Mr. Speaker, 7 years of ObamaCare is long enough. Seven years of  families seeing their premiums rise, plans canceled, and doctors  dropped is enough. Today we can deliver on our promise and put our bold  solutions into decisive action. The AHCA is a bill 7 years in the  making. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it.   