 Mr. President, I wish to oppose the nomination of  Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor.   I did not come to this decision lightly, but, after closely examining  Mr. Acosta's record, I cannot in good conscience vote for his  confirmation to be Labor Secretary on behalf of the American people.   The most troubling part of Mr. Acosta's record is how he handled a  2007 sex trafficking case that he oversaw while serving as the U.S.  attorney for the Southern District of Florida. In that case, which left  many vulnerable victims devastated when it concluded, Mr. Acosta failed  to protect underage crime victims who looked to his office to vindicate  their rights against billionaire Jeffrey Epstein.   The case, led by Mr. Acosta's office and the FBI, involved an  investigation  [[Page S2544]]  of Mr. Epstein for his sexual abuse and exploitation of more than 30  underage girls.   It ended with an agreement, negotiated by Mr. Acosta's office, in  which Mr. Acosta agreed not to bring Federal charges, including sex  trafficking charges, against Mr. Epstein in exchange for his guilty  plea to State charges and registration as a sex offender. Thanks to  this agreement, Mr. Epstein served a mere 13 months of jail time and  avoided serious Federal charges that would have exposed him to lengthy  prison sentences.   What troubles me about this case is not just the leniency with which  Mr. Epstein was treated, but how the victims themselves were treated.   In 2004, I authored the Crime Victims' Rights Act with then-Senator  Kyl because we both saw that victims and their families were too  frequently ``ignored, cast aside, and treated as nonparticipants in a  critical event in their lives.'' I strongly believe victims have a  right to be heard throughout criminal case proceedings.   My concern with how Mr. Acosta handled this case stems from his  office's obligations under the Crime Victims' Rights Act. The victims  have asserted that Mr. Acosta's office did not provide them with notice  of the agreement before it was finalized, nor were they provided with  timely notice of Mr. Epstein's guilty plea and sentencing hearings.  Worse, throughout the process, the victims were denied the reasonable  right to confer with the prosecutors; this flies in the face of the  Crime Victims' Rights Act we authored.   I am very concerned that Mr. Acosta's office did not treat the  victims ``with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and  privacy'' as required by law. Rather, according to the victims, Mr.  Acosta's office ``deliberately kept [them] `in the dark' so that it  could enter the deal'' without hearing objections. These allegations  raise serious concerns.   From his position of immense power and responsibility, Mr. Acosta  failed, and the consequences were devastating.   Another deeply troubling aspect of Mr. Acosta's record comes from his  tenure when he led the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division from  August 2003 to June 2005. According to the Justice Department's  inspector general, that office repeatedly used political or ideological  tests to hire career civil servants in violation of federal law.   During his confirmation hearing before the HELP Committee, Mr. Acosta  himself admitted that discriminatory actions were taken under his  supervision and that they should not have happened.   At a time when the public's faith in government institutions is  eroding on a daily basis, Mr. Acosta's handling of these high-profile  incidents lead me to question his ability to carry out the duties of  Labor Secretary with fairness and impartiality.   This doubt is further compounded by statements that Mr. Acosta made  during his hearing regarding whether he will exercise independence in  upholding and enforcing certain rules and regulations, such as the  fiduciary rule and overtime rule to protect workers.   In response to such questions, Mr. Acosta avoided making a commitment  to uphold these rules as Secretary of Labor, and I am greatly concerned  that he may not look out for the best interests of workers.   All of the issues I have outlined here simply do not allow me, in  good faith, to vote in favor of Mr. Acosta's nomination.   Thank you.   