 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member Yarmuth for the time to  speak in opposition to the Republican budget.   As ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, I am really  perplexed as to why the majority continues their assault on American  excellence, following President Trump's lead and divesting from  investments in American global leadership, science, and infrastructure.   This budget would cut $5 billion for domestic and international  investments, while violating the Budget Control Act for defense  spending and triggering a $72 billion sequester of all defense  accounts.   My Republican colleagues might argue that slashing nondefense  investments is necessary to reduce the debt, but this is a false  choice. Why would the Republican majority give tax cuts to the very  wealthiest if it means this country has to take a backseat to China in  research and development or let our own workforce go without the  training to fill 21st century jobs?   We know there is a role for government where the private sector has  left voids. Many in the private sector believe we should be investing  more in basic research, STEM programs, and public transportation. This  budget and the appropriations bills that enact this budget have fallen  short in these areas.   Given the budget is 6 months late and the appropriations process has  actually moved before the budget, we do not have to guess the  implications of the budget. We have seen what the Republicans would do  under these draconian levels.   Just look, Mr. Chairman, at the Labor, Health, and Education bill  that passed the House last month. That bill eliminated entire job  training programs like apprenticeship grants, cut the Pell grant  surplus, and eliminated Supporting Effective Instruction State grants,  a $2 billion investment that reduces class sizes and improves classroom  instruction. This cut would cost 8,500 teachers their jobs.   The transportation spending bill eliminated the Department of  Transportation's major infrastructure grant program, TIGER, a direct  contradiction to the President's promise to improve our Nation's  infrastructure and which Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao confirms  ``funds innovative projects that improve the safety of America's  passengers and goods.''   Mr. Chairman, we can and should--we must--do better than this. I urge  a ``no'' vote on the Republican budget.   