 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership on this piece of legislation, which will, quite  literally, save lives. I am so grateful that we are having this debate  on the House floor at this point.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable  Unborn Child Protection Act. I believe that every life, including an  unborn baby's life, has dignity and value. But more than 40 years ago,  the Supreme Court handed down a decision in direct contradiction to  those principles.   In the decades since, I have joined with many families and my  colleagues in the House and many across the Nation fighting to undo the  damage that has been done. We have got a long way to go in this  country, but the passage of H.R. 36 would be a step in the right  direction.   A strong and growing body of medical research provides evidence that  pain receptors develop in unborn babies at no later than 20 weeks.  Medical professionals have testified about seeing babies that age  recoil from painful stimuli. Others have been able to measure increases  in stress hormones when babies inside the womb are subjected to pain.   If fetal surgery is performed, that baby is given anesthesia in many  cases to shield them from the pain of surgery. Yet our Nation's laws  allow for these babies to endure the pain of a life-ending abortion. It  is absolutely heartbreaking.   My husband and I knew that our lives had completely changed the  minute that we heard our oldest daughter's heartbeat. I will never  forget that moment. I hope that she knows how proud we are of the  generous and compassionate person that she has grown up to become. She  has grown up quickly, and I love to think back about those days when  she was still a little girl and when she wasn't much taller than I.   We read a lot back then. We read books. We read the Bible. One of her  favorite books was Dr. Seuss' book, ``Horton Hears a Who!'' which says:  ``A person is a person no matter how small.'' Each time we read that  line, I thought back to those first moments when I heard her muffled  heartbeats and thought about Kassidy and thought about ``a person is a  person no matter how small.''   I had that blessed moment three different times with my three  different children, and I pray every day that each and every baby's  heartbeat would be heard by parents who understand the gift that that  life is from our God who loves them dearly.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defend the smallest among us  this week and pass H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection  Act. I thank the gentleman for his leadership.    