 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, 16 years after the terrorist attacks  of September 11, 2001, our Nation unites once again to honor the  Americans killed on that horrific day. Our minds are filled with the  haunting images of the burning towers, the crumbling structure of the  Pentagon, and the smoking field in Pennsylvania. That dark day  drastically changed the course of our Nation, and we will always  remember where we were when we first heard the news that our country  was under attack.   But 9/11 did not change who we are or the values we hold so dear.  Amid the heartbreak and devastation, our citizens showed abounding  courage, kindness, and love of country. In New York City, Arlington,  and the scarred field in Shanksville, American flags were placed atop  the rubble as symbols of determination in the face of evil. We will  always remember the innocent lives lost in the attacks, and we will  forever be grateful for the brave first responders who ran toward  danger to help those in need.   We should also remember the significant work of the men and women of  the U.S. Strategic Command in Nebraska  [[Page S5090]]  during this national emergency. Today, I want to recognize and honor  what happened at STRATCOM on 9/11.   On that fateful day, STRATCOM's staff at Offutt Air Force Base, along  with military personnel at several other U.S. bases, woke up expecting  to strategize a response to a major attack against the United States.  Days earlier, they had begun Global Guardian, an annual training  exercise performed by the U.S. Strategic Command, the Air Force Space  Command, and NORAD. The main purpose of the exercise was to test the  military's command and control procedures in the event of nuclear  warfare.   Leaders at STRATCOM learned during breakfast that a plane had struck  the World Trade Center. When the second plane hit shortly thereafter,  they understood that this had not been an accident. America was under  attack.   The Global Guardian's fictional exercise was quickly canceled, and  the men and women of STRATCOM responded to the day's events happening  in the real world. After the FAA ordered every plane in the United  States to be grounded, STRATCOM monitored the landings of thousands of  civilian aircraft. Using a screen on the wall of the command post, they  worked to identify which planes had been hijacked, knowing that finding  these dangerous needles in the haystack of America's commercial airline  industry could be the difference between safety and catastrophe.   As the day unfolded, STRATCOM leadership received a 30-minute notice  that the secure location the President would be using was going to be  Offutt Air Force Base. Nebraska was ready to protect the President.   Escorted by two F-15 fighters, Air Force One landed around 1:50 p.m.  ADM Richard Mies, in charge of the Strategic Command at the time,  picked up President Bush in his car and drove to STRATCOM's underground  command post. STRATCOM staff quickly briefed the President and  established a secure video link that allowed him to speak with the  National Security Council and other senior officials. For 2 hours  Nebraska served as the center of America's national defense before  President Bush returned to Washington, and we did it well.   Nebraska is honored to host the U.S. Strategic Command Global  Operations Center, and we are proud of the excellent work they did  during the attacks of 9/11 to protect our country.   Year after year, this day is a reminder of tragedy and tears, but we  should also recall the strength and resolve of the citizens of the  greatest country on Earth. Though the threats to our way of life have  and will continue to evolve, our enduring commitment to defending  freedom will never waver.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   