 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  making our efforts to combat child exploitation and human trafficking a  priority on the Judiciary Committee.   Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons I was eager to join the Judiciary  Committee was to play a role in combating crimes against children. I am  proud to serve on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland  Security, and Investigations, where, under the leadership of Chairman  Trey Gowdy, we are working to protect innocent children, and make sure  that those that would do them harm are brought to justice.   Mr. Speaker, it is not easy to talk about crimes against children,  particularly those that are sexual in nature. Just speaking the term  ``global sex tourism'' is enough to send chills up almost anyone's  spine. Because this subject is so ugly and uncomfortable, most  Americans probably have no idea the extent to which children around the  globe are at risk of exploitation. That is what makes it so important  that we do talk about it and address the problem head-on.   Earlier this year, I met with experts from the Department of Justice  to discuss how loopholes in current law are allowing child predators to  evade punishment for their abuse of children in the United States  overseas. Certain types of sexual contact with children are not  explicitly covered under the criminal definition of ``illicit sexual  conduct.'' This allows child predators engaged in global sex tourism to  evade punishment for acts that are clearly abusive.   Also, current sentencing code does not treat contact offenses against  child victims under the age of 12 the same as it does against those  victims between the ages of 12 and 18.   Mr. Speaker, these loopholes were, of course, never intended.  Nonetheless, these technical flaws in the law are making it harder for  authorities to put serial child abusers away where they belong.   H.R. 1862, the Global Child Protection Act, aims to close these  loopholes and better equip law enforcement to protect people and punish  abusers. Specifically, this bill would expand the definition of  ``illicit sexual conduct'' to include ``sexual contact,'' thus allowing  authorities to crack down on global sex tourism and punish these  criminals.   This bill also seeks to protect the youngest child victims by  broadening the sentencing code to ensure that all types of contact  offenses against children of all ages are treated with the same level  of seriousness.   To be clear, the current statute criminalizes the act of traveling  abroad to do terrible things to children, but it does not criminalize  the people who force children to perform sexual acts on them. This bill  very simply closes the loophole when it comes to sex tourism and  soliciting sexual acts from a minor, to include not just what someone  would do to a child, but what they would force a child to do to them.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our strong partners in the White House  and the Department of Justice for their commitment to combating  exploitation and abuse here in our country and abroad.   Last week I went with the chairman and others to the White House to  participate in a bipartisan listening session on human trafficking and  exploitation hosted by Ivanka Trump. I appreciate Ivanka for inviting  me and my fellow lawmakers to be a part of this very important  exchange. I believe that her involvement and leadership on this issue  can be instrumental to achieving results.   Also, it certainly wasn't lost on me that in his first official act  after being sworn in, Attorney General Jeff Sessions presented the  President with an executive order strengthening the enforcement of  Federal law on international trafficking, including human trafficking.  We have dedicated law enforcement professionals working hard every day  to protect children and punish abusers, and we need to make sure that  they have every tool at their disposal to do their job.   Mr. Speaker, it is our enduring responsibility to protect those among  us who cannot protect themselves. We have an opportunity to do that  today by passing the Global Child Protection Act and getting one step  closer to closing these loopholes.   Of course, my bill is just part of a slate of Judiciary Committee  bills aimed to combat child exploitation and human trafficking. I urge  my colleagues to approve all of these bills and to take action toward  stopping this growing problem in this country and abroad.   