 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Upton and Mr. Flores  for the work that they have done on this piece of legislation. Mr.  Flores spoke of the need to do this and why it is so important for us  to begin to simplify and clean up the rules and the regulation process  so that we do provide certainty not only for our constituents, but also  for industry.   In addition to that, Mr. Chairman, what we do is to provide hope to  millions of workers who work in the energy sector.   I want to read from a letter of support. This is from the  International Union of Operating Engineers. They sent a letter in  support of Mr. Flores' bill, and it gets right to the heart of the  issue.   ``Domestic energy production provides good-paying jobs for members of  the IUOE and other construction craftworkers and continues to employ  thousands of our members. Uncertainty and delay during environmental  reviews, however, hinder the growth of jobs related to the Nation's  energy infrastructure. Congress should give FERC additional tools to  keep Federal agencies accountable and maximum coordination in the  permitting process.''   Mr. Chairman, this is from individuals who work in this energy  sector, who understand the vital importance of having a secure, safe,  and stable energy supply. They are individuals who want to see growth  in this industry. They also want to make certain that we do this in the  appropriate way--as we have done, as H.R. 2910 does--to respect  individual and private property works.    Giving FERC the authority that they need to go in and  consolidate and simplify this environmental process for these  interstate gas projects is the right thing to do.   Many times, what slows these projects down and causes the situation  that the International Union of Operating Engineers speaks to is the  fact that you have multiple permits that are required, and they are  from multiple agencies and multiple levels of government. Any time you  are going through that, there are more opportunities for mistakes and  it is going to be more costly.   So I congratulate my colleague for a job well done, and I encourage  my colleagues to vote for and support H.R. 2910.   