 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 43. Congress  must use its authority to strike this rule and stop the Federal  Government from forcing States to funnel taxpayer money to abortion  providers.   This rule is wrong on process and it is wrong on policy. First of  all, States have every right to put in place reasonable guidelines for  how their Federal dollars are spent. For Washington to attempt to  coerce States in this way would be bad enough, but for unelected  bureaucrats in the Department of Health and Human Services to go around  Congress at the eleventh hour of the Obama administration is just  outrageous.   Madam Speaker, I think we all agree that low-income women should have  access to essential title X services, but why is it necessary for those  services to be funded at the Nation's largest provider of abortion? It  isn't, of course, but the abortion industry and its supporters want us  to believe that it is.   When it comes to funding, they like to pretend that abortion doesn't  exist and that Planned Parenthood is the only place where women can get  health care, but that is not true. The truth is that there are more  than 13,000 federally qualified and rural health centers that offer  low-cost health care to women. These centers outnumber Planned  Parenthood clinics 20 to 1; they just don't preform abortions.   Understanding this, some States have rightly enacted laws and  policies redirecting title X dollars away from abortion providers and  toward these noncontroversial clinics. If the true goal here were to  ensure women's health care, no one should have a problem with that. But  that wasn't the goal, and everybody knows it.   There is a reason people call this rule President Obama's parting  gift to Planned Parenthood. It was a blatant, transparent attempt to  preserve the  [[Page H1271]]  pipeline of funding to the Nation's largest abortion business. It was  wrong, and I urge my colleagues to vote to nullify it today.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Speier).   