 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to voice my very  strong support for the tax reform legislation that will come before the  U.S. Senate this week.   This bill will power economic growth and provide great opportunities  for American workers. It will lead to increased wages, and it will help  our small businesses expand. I have said often on the Senate floor that  small businesses in West Virginia comprise 95 percent of the businesses  in West Virginia and over 50 percent of the workforce. Small businesses  want to thrive, and they want to expand.   It will provide much needed tax relief for middle-class working  families in my State and across the Nation, and for many in the working  class, the increase in the standard deduction will lower rates and  provide for a much simpler process. I have talked about this on the  floor a lot. I think that one of the things that is underemphasized and  not talked about in this great tax relief package is the simplification  model that many Americans really want and deserve in the Tax Code. So  let's talk about our State of West Virginia.   In my State of West Virginia, 83 percent of individual tax filers  take the standard deduction--83 percent. This bill will nearly double  that deduction--from $6,300 to $12,000 for an individual and from  $12,700 to $24,000 for married couples. That is for 83 percent of the  filers in my State of West Virginia. For West Virginians who are  already taking the current standard deduction, this provision means  less taxable income and lower tax bills--more money in their pockets at  the end of the day that they have earned.   Others who itemize will find that they are actually better off with  the increased standard deduction. At tax time, they will make the  determination: Should I take the standard deduction? I used to itemize  in the past. They may make the determination: I am really better off  taking the standard deduction because it is almost doubling. That is  what I am going to do. That means that they will benefit financially  and avoid the complications that come along with itemizing.   Families with children will benefit from the child tax credit that is  doubled. This will provide real help to working families who are trying  to afford education costs, pay rent or their mortgages, and simply make  it to the end of the month. Whether they want to put money aside for  their futures or they need money to get through the  [[Page S7383]]  tough child care or health costs, more money is a significant factor in  a lot of people's families. They are working hard, and they want and  deserve more money.   I was interested in an editorial that was in my local newspaper  today, written in a negative way about this bill. It is funny, but it  is not humorous. It actually does not mention the 83 percent of West  Virginia earners who are going to be having the benefits of this simply  by doubling the standard deduction and by doubling the child tax  credit.   This bill also eliminates the Affordable Care Act's individual  mandate, which is a penalty that mainly impacts the middle class. Let's  talk about this. In 2015, more than 34,000 West Virginians were  penalized under this mandate, and 81 percent of those people--81  percent of the 34,000 people--who were penalized with a tax penalty,  because they could not afford to buy insurance or they chose not to,  were assessed a tax penalty for that decision. That 81 percent earns  under $50,000 a year.   There has been a lot of misinformation about this provision, so let  me just clarify. No one is being forced off of Medicaid or a private  health insurance plan by the elimination of the individual mandate. By  eliminating the individual mandate, we are simply stopping penalizing  and taxing people who either cannot afford or decide not to buy health  insurance plans. I, for one, want everyone to purchase and be able to  purchase a health insurance plan, but that is a personal decision, at  the end of the day, that a family makes. If you opt not to purchase,  which I hope you would not, your government shouldn't be taxing you,  and that is what has happened.   Working families will also benefit from the higher wages and  increased opportunity that this bill will create. The Tax Foundation  found that this bill will create more than 4,900 jobs in the State of  West Virginia. It doesn't sound like much, I guess, to a larger State.  Yet, to a small State, almost 5,000 jobs is significant. A typical  middle-class family in our State would see its after-tax income grow by  over $1,900. Nationwide, this bill could create as many as 925,000 jobs  in this analysis, which is significant. These new jobs and higher wages  result, in part, from lower tax rates and the shift to a territorial  system.   This will make America more competitive. We want our jobs to be  competitive not just here but globally. I mean, let's face it. We are  in a global economy. Many of the companies, particularly the larger  companies that are employing over 30 percent of West Virginia workers,  are competing globally. If we can make it more competitive for those  businesses to compete globally, that is going to mean higher wages,  more jobs, and more products that will be made here in the United  States with our American workers.   Quite frankly, our current system is driving American companies and  jobs overseas. The United States has the highest statutory corporate  tax rate in the industrialized world. That drives behavior when you  look at investing. After 30 years--30 years ago was the last time we  modernized this--it is past time to modernize our business Tax Code and  make America more competitive--hire more people, raise wages, buy more  equipment, and invest more capital. We know by estimates--and some of  these say they are conservative--that there is more than $2 trillion-- with a ``t''--in U.S. corporate earnings that is kept overseas. This  tax reform package can bring those resources home, which will lead,  again, to more jobs and higher wages here at home.   It is important that communities across our country benefit from this  growing economy. Half of our Nation's job growth since 2010--almost 8  years ago--has occurred in only 2 percent of the counties across this  country. I will add that none of those counties are in the State of  West Virginia. That demonstrates to me the need to help lower income  areas attract more jobs and investment. That is why I am very glad to  support this tax reform bill, because it includes a provision called  the Investing in Opportunity Act that Senator Tim Scott, of South  Carolina, introduced and that I was proud to cosponsor. This bill is  designed, as a part of this tax reform bill, to attract investment into  areas that have been left behind in our Nation's economic recovery,  including areas in my State of West Virginia that continue to struggle  in the wake of the Obama administration's anti-coal policies.   Besides making the Tax Code more competitive and helping to create  and attract investment in economically distressed areas, this bill will  also help our small businesses. We know that small businesses are a  major economic driver in our economy. As I said earlier, half of West  Virginia's workforce in the private sector is employed in small  businesses, and this bill will provide significantly needed tax relief  to our small businesses.   I have been traveling across the State, listening to those at small  business roundtables, and talking to a lot of people. What I have heard  is that small businesses are eager to take the tax relief they get and  raise wages so that they can keep their good employees. They want to  pay them more. They want to hire additional workers so that they can  expand their work or buy new equipment. I met with a communications  company that wants to invest in more IT. These investments will have a  positive effect on the economy in local communities across the  country--those that are not in that 2 percent that have had the growth  over the last 8 years.   I believe that this tax reform bill will help the Nation as a whole  and the people I represent. I am excited to have this bill on the floor  of the U.S. Senate this week.   The Senate Finance Committee, of which the Presiding Officer is a  terrific member and is from the neighboring State of Pennsylvania, has  held over 70 hearings on tax reform and has put together a very good  piece of legislation. It has held over 70 hearings and an amendment  process and has listened to many constituents and many individuals who  will be impacted by this. The House has acted. President Trump stands  ready to sign a tax reform measure into law. What remains now is for  the Senate to do its work--for us to do our work--and pass this  legislation. Some Senators will have a choice. Soon, Senators will make  a choice. We can accept the slow economic growth that has occurred over  the past decade or we can take big and bold action.   To my colleagues, I say, if you want to help the middle class benefit  from tax cuts, higher wages, and more job opportunities, then you  should vote for this bill. If you want America to become more  competitive in the global economy, then you should vote for this bill.  If you want small businesses to expand and thrive, then you should vote  for this bill. Our country needs this, and our constituents are  demanding it. I call on my colleagues to join me in passing this bill  on the Senate floor this week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   