 Section 2:   ``The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privileges and  immunities of citizens in the several States.   ``A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or other crime,  who shall flee from justice and be found in another State, shall on  demand of the executive authority of the State from which he fled, be  delivered up, to be removed to the State having jurisdiction of the  crime.''    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to  the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  the amendment is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final  passage, as amended.   Like a number of my new colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I was  not a Member of Congress in 2010 when Congress enacted the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act. The law has now been in place for  nearly 7 years, and it has become part of the fabric of our health care  system, fundamentally changing the way that we provide and pay for  health care in this country.   The Members of this Chamber, our counterparts in the Senate, and the  incoming President will soon have a binary choice to make, and the  stakes for patients, physicians, hospitals, and health insurance  providers could not be higher.   The choice is this: Will we retain the many provisions in the  Affordable Care Act that are functioning well and work together in a  bipartisan manner to reform, refine, and rectify those provisions that  need improvement; or, on the other hand, will we repeal the entire  Affordable Care Act without a clear and comprehensive plan in place to  replace the law with something as good or better, which is almost  certain to cause chaos in our health care system and disrupt the lives  and livelihoods of millions of our constituents?   The Affordable Care Act is not perfect; but I believe the responsible  and moral course of action for this body is to strengthen the law, not  repeal it. A look to historic precedent gives us guidance here. In the  past, when Congress enacted important legislation, like Social Security  or Medicare, designed to address serious national problems, it rarely  gets it perfectly right the first time. Congress almost always needs to  revisit the law down the line to observe how the law has operated in  practice, to see who the law has helped or who it may have  inadvertently harmed, to learn from that experience, and then, based on  the evidence and the counsel of our constituents, to work across party  lines to make any necessary improvements to the law. The perfect must  never become the enemy of the good.   Just as in business, when your business plan runs into challenges,  you don't scrap the whole plan; you make left and right adjustments  along the way and keep moving forward toward your goals. Health care is  too central to the lives of our constituents to be rebooted every few  years in a partisan, haphazard manner.   My specific amendment is consistent with this broader philosophy. One  of the most popular and well-functioning provisions of the Affordable  Care Act is a provision requiring certain health insurance plans to  allow young adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans  until the age of 26. This provision has been particularly beneficial  for my district in central Florida, which has one of the lowest median  ages of any congressional district in the Sunshine State and which is  home to the University of Central Florida--the Nation's second largest  university, with over 63,000 enrolled students.   Prior to the Affordable Care Act, too many young adults in central  Florida and around the country were uninsured either because they were  not employed or because they were employed at jobs that did not provide  affordable coverage or any coverage at all. If these young men and  women were to become sick or get injured, the resulting medical bills  could bankrupt them or their families. The Affordable Care Act sought  to mitigate this risk, and the evidence indicates that it has done so  successfully; and the American people have said, overwhelmingly, that  they want to keep this popular provision.   Accordingly, my amendment would establish an exception to the REINS  Act. It would ensure that any Federal regulation that executes or  enforces the Affordable Care Act provision enabling young adults up to  age 26 to obtain health insurance coverage through their parents' plans  will not be annulled by Congress. By voting for my amendment, you will  send a signal that you support this provision, which has benefited  millions of our constituents whether they live in red States, blue  States, or purple States.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   