 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, most Americans don't know who the  Director of OMB is, but I want to stand today and explain what an  important position in our government it truly is.  [[Page S1189]]    The Director of OMB is responsible for not only implementing and  articulating the President's budget but also safeguarding the  regulatory process. I would say there is another part of the job  because when you are Director of OMB and you are putting the budget  out, you also have to understand the checks and balances of our  government, including that there are two Houses in Congress and there  are different opinions in Congress. Sometimes, in order to get a  budget, the word ``compromise'' has to be utilized, which, by the way,  was one of the favorite concepts of our Founding Fathers in our  Constitution. That is why they embraced checks and balances, because  they wanted to foster compromises and consensus.   That is why Representative Mulvaney is not the right person for this  job. He is someone who has been a disrupter. There is a place for  disrupters in government. I am not casting aside all disrupters, but I  don't think a disrupter belongs as the head of the OMB.   Some people are going to talk a lot about his career and quote him:  ``We have to end Medicare as we know it.'' Others will talk about how  he has agreed with the characterization of Social Security as a Ponzi  scheme; that he has advocated raising the Social Security eligibility  age to 70, even for people who would be as old as 59 right now and  maybe having worked in physical labor all of their lives. Yes, he has  advocated dramatic changes in dismantling Medicare and Social Security  in many ways. I would like to focus on the fact that he thinks it is OK  to default on the debt, that he thinks a government shutdown was good  policy in terms of making a point, and that he has supported  indiscriminate cuts to our defense budget that were a blunt instrument  based on an ideology and not a thoughtful position based on our  national security.   I listened to Mr. Mulvaney as he said to me in a one-on-one meeting  how he would prioritize the debts he would pay if he defaulted on the  debt. Wouldn't that be a great addition to the chaos we are all feeling  right now; that the U.S. Government would be Turkey or Greece or  another country that is having trouble meeting its obligations.   We have been a beacon on the Hill not just for freedom and not just  for liberty but a beacon on the Hill in terms of economic strength. The  notion that we would not rise to our obligations--understanding, as  Congressman Mulvaney does, that this is not a spending issue; this is a  meeting-our-obligations issue. This is like buying a pickup truck and  halfway through the payments you decide you don't want to pay anymore.  This isn't a matter of deciding whether you are going to buy the pickup  truck in the first place. That is the appropriations process. Raising  the debt limit is merely deciding we are going to pay our obligations.   So the fact that he believes brinkmanship is a good thing in terms of  shutting down the government, the fact that defaulting on our debt is  an option for Congressman Mulvaney, the fact that if you look at those  positions, you realize compromise is not part of his vocabulary; that  brinkmanship and rigid ideology is what he would bring to this process,  that is the last thing we need in Washington, DC, right now,  brinkmanship and rigid ideology, especially when it comes to our budget  and prioritizing our funds.   So I cannot support Congressman Mulvaney. As the ranking member on  the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I hope I can  urge my other colleagues to understand that there are many people whom  I could support for Director of OMB, but Congressman Mulvaney is not  one of them.   