 Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this budget substitute, which is,  put simply, an abdication of our fiscal responsibility as a governing  body.   Our country is $20 trillion in debt, with $9 trillion added to the  national debt during the Obama years. We have the responsibility to our  children and our grandchildren to stop this Congress' addiction to  spending. It is a responsibility that I take seriously; it is a  responsibility that the members of my committee take seriously; and it  is a responsibility that Republicans in the House take seriously.   Clearly, it is not a responsibility that our friends across the aisle  take seriously. Our budget works to end the addiction to spending that  has dominated Washington for far too long.   The House budget, passed out of committee with unanimous Republican  support in July, begins to address our spending addiction by balancing  the budget over 10 years so that we can start paying down our national  debt, and it addresses mandatory spending in a significant way for the  first time since 1997.   This budget substitute does quite the opposite. The Democrats' budget  raises taxes by $2.7 trillion, which would be the largest tax increase  in U.S. history. It increases spending by $6.2 trillion, compared to  the budget passed by my committee. It never balances, with a deficit in  2027 of $852 billion.   What we hear from the other side of the aisle and what we see in this  budget is simply more of same: more spending, more tax increases, and  more debt. I don't think that is acceptable, and neither do the  American people.   Since we began this budget debate yesterday, my counterparts on the  other side of the aisle have been throwing out misleading numbers about  our budget and our tax reform effort in order to hide the fact that  they offer no new solutions to the most pressing problems our country  faces.   Here is a number that they should keep in mind while they discuss  this fiscally irresponsible substitute. The national debt for every  person is over $63,000. Every man, woman, and even child in our country  has a $63,000 weight hanging over their heads. Our budget takes real  steps to fix this crisis. This budget substitute does not. Honestly, it  is as simple as that.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this Democrat substitute,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Francis Rooney).    Mr. Chairman, I do want to say to my good friend and  colleague from Tennessee that I think the D stands for debt for  Democrats, and I think the R stands for Republicans and recovery.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Womack), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee and the  Appropriations Committee.    I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Arkansas.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Ohio (Mr. Johnson), who is a member of the Budget Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the chairman of the  Education and the Workforce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Sanford), a member of our Budget Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I look into my children's and grandchildren's eyes, and I  say: I want you to know that right now you owe $63,000 for your part of  the debt of this country.   What we are doing in Congress right now, if we were to vote on and  accept this amendment, we would be increasing that burden on our  children and grandchildren.   I, for one, cannot do that, and I think that we have got to be  responsible. We have got to look at how we in this country can get back  to the place, as has already been said, that we ask families and  businesses to do, and that is to live within their means.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Palmer), who is a member of the Budget Committee.    Madam Chairman, I am going to be brief in my closing  comments.   I do want to ask my colleague to consider this: Are we proud of a  country where we are leaving our children and grandchildren in further  and further debt?   During our discussion in this Chamber, we have shared our ideas for  building a better America, an America that we would be proud to entrust  to future generations. While it requires confronting real challenges  along the road ahead, it is, undoubtedly, worth the journey.   First, our budget forces the Federal Government to live within its  means, just like hardworking Americans and small businesses do on a  daily basis.   Second, our budget identifies wasteful spending and finds much-needed  savings and reforms for unsustainable mandatory spending. In fact, our  committee has put forward the largest reform package for mandatory  programs that has been seen in 20 years.   Third, it calls for a robust funding of our military, ensuring the  resources that will allow us to be ready and protect our mainland. It  also starts the process of restoring our military readiness, which  suffered dramatically during the Obama administration.   Finally, our budget is the golden key that unlocks progrowth tax  reform and takes us one step further to the great ideas unveiled in the  framework last week.   Without question, our budget plan reflects American values and shared  priorities. I urge my colleagues to join me in their support for a win  for all Americans, because doing so will begin to ensure a brighter and  better future for generations to come, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   