 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   It is extremely regrettable that we find ourselves here today.  Democrats have said all year that there must be a deal to raise  statutory budget caps in a manner that allows responsible investments  in both defense and nondefense priorities, because both are critical to  our continued safety, security, and prosperity.   The majority failed to engage all year, choosing instead to pass  partisan appropriation bills that can never be signed into law.   More than 2 months ago, President Trump and Democratic congressional  leaders struck an agreement to avoid a government shutdown and buy time  for negotiations on new spending caps that would make it possible to  enact a responsible, bipartisan full-year spending law. Precious little  has been accomplished since then.   Now here we are again with the majority asking support for a 2-week  stopgap continuing resolution. So I ask the majority: What do you  expect to accomplish in the next 2 weeks that we have been unable to  accomplish in the last 2 months? I want to repeat that. I would really  like to know what you expect to accomplish in the next 2 weeks, when we  haven't been able to accomplish anything in the last 2 months.   The rationale to support a short-term stopgap continuing resolution  is that the parties are engaged in good faith negotiations to develop a  responsible, bipartisan spending package; negotiations are on a  positive trajectory and additional time is simply needed to seal a  deal. Can anyone in this Chamber claim that this is the case today?   The President continues to irresponsibly threaten a government  shutdown and launch ad hominem attacks. Majority leadership is playing  games with the contents of this and future continuing resolutions.  Negotiations on new spending caps for defense and nondefense  investments are stalled.   The majority is grasping for excuses as to why they have failed to  protect 700,000 young Americans from deportation, reauthorize the  Children's Health Insurance Program, or move expeditiously on critical  disaster assistance.   Is there any evidence whatsoever that this majority intends to  fulfill these vital responsibilities to the American people?   Given these failures, I believe it is incumbent on Members of  Congress to say enough is enough. The American people are sick of the  games. They want results.   It is time for the Republican leadership and President Trump to get  serious, engage with Democrats. We stand ready and willing to help  develop a framework for a responsible, bipartisan spending agreement  and to negotiate the details of a full year's spending package.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the ranking member of the Energy and Water  Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.     Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Ohio.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the ranking member of the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and  Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I reiterate, the Democrats have said all year there must be a deal to  raise spending caps in order to enact appropriation bills. Instead of  heeding that advice, the majority is once again stumbling from crisis  to crisis trying to fund the government 2 weeks at a time.   Without a path forward to keep our country secure and make  investments to grow our economy, we should immediately lift the caps on  defense and nondefense spending.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   