 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Minority  Business Development Agency, the MBDA. My amendment, number 84, which  is included in the en bloc amendment, would increase funding for the  MBDA by $5 million in Fiscal Year 2018.   With three MBDA Business Centers in Florida, including one in my home  district, we in Florida understand the value the MBDA provides. In  2012, Florida had the third highest number of minority-owned  businesses, in the country, with a high concentration of: African  American-owned firms; Native American-owned firms; Asian American-owned  firms; Hispanic American-owned firms; and Native Hawaiian & Pacific  Islander-owned firms. All that rely on the assistance of the MBDA.   For 48 years, the MBDA has been the only government agency focused  solely on fostering the growth and development of minority-owned  businesses; identifying and assisting to overcome the barriers to  economic growth.   According to the 2007 U.S. Census Bureau's Survey on Business Owners,  minority-owned businesses contributed $1 trillion in economic growth to  the $16 trillion U.S. economy, and employed 6 million Americans.  Additionally, minority-owned businesses are twice as likely to generate  sales through exports, compared to non-minority owned firms, due to  their language and cultural ties.   While their economic contributions are significant, minority-owned  businesses struggle in acquiring private capital and securing  government contracts at disproportionate rates, compared to non- minority owned businesses.  [[Page H7256]]  Studies have also shown that minority loan-seekers are given less  information on loan terms and offered less help with their loan  applications. They are also denied loans at three times higher than  non-minority firms.   The MBDA assists minority-owned businesses in: financing, joint  ventures, and more. Firms assisted by MBDA secure an average of $5.4  billion dollars in contracts and investments. Given this significant  contribution to the U.S. economy, it is vital to support the work done  by the MBDA to grow our nation's 8.5 million minority-owned business.   I want to thank Chairman Culberson and Ranking Member Serrano for  including this amendment in the en bloc amendment. I would also like to  thank my colleagues, Representatives Butterfield, Jackson Lee, and  Velazquez for their co-sponsorship of my amendment, and for their  previous work on these important issues.   Mr. Chair, the en bloc amendment also includes my amendment, number  95, which increases funding for the Office of Juvenile Justice  Programs' Youth Mentoring Grants by $5 million--restoring those grants  to the Fiscal Year 2017 enacted level.   These grants allow local jurisdictions to develop, expand or sustain  youth mentoring efforts using evidence-based best practices.   Mr. Chair, improving outcomes for disadvantaged youth requires more  than simply expanding opportunities at school, because the challenges  they face often extend beyond the schoolhouse door.   In my 27 years in law enforcement, I saw this first-hand. As Chief of  Police for the City of Orlando, Florida, I had the honor of founding  Operation Positive Direction--a program through which OPD Officers  mentor Orlando youths.   Across the nation, youth participating in these programs show  improvements in their perception of social support and acceptance,  their family relationships and a decrease in antisocial behaviors.  Youth that meet regularly with their mentors are 46 percent less likely  to start using illegal drugs, and youth that face opportunity gaps, but  have a mentor are 55 percent more likely to go to college.   Again, I want to thank Chairman Culberson and Ranking Member Serrano  for including amendment number 95 in the en bloc amendment as well. I  would also like to thank my colleagues, Representatives Langevin and  Butterfield, not only for their co-sponsorship of my amendment, but for  their continued leadership on these issues.   I urge all my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment.   