 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for  yielding to me and for hosting this very important Special Order where  we recognize women and, in particular, Jeannette Rankin.   Mr. Speaker, I want to rise today to honor Jeannette Rankin and to  celebrate 100 years of women in Congress.   Jeannette inspired millions of Americans when she became the first  woman in the Nation's history to serve in the House of Representatives.   A Republican and a former schoolteacher from Montana, Jeannette  declared ``I may be the first woman Member of Congress, but I won't be  the last,'' as is seen on the poster that the gentlewoman from Indiana  has right there in front of the Chamber.   Mr. Speaker, while we may not agree on all the issues, Jeannette and  I share a vision to preserve and protect the American Dream for future  generations.   We do so with the hope that young girls, like my two granddaughters,  would be able to live a life they choose for themselves, not that  someone else chooses for them.   For me, this topic is deeply personal. I spent the first years of my  life in public housing, the daughter of parents with no more than a  ninth-grade education.   I came from a background where people didn't always know how to  dream, and, as a result, I was prepared to settle for a life of  unfulfilled potential. I had started to believe that, as a young woman  growing up in the fifties and the sixties, who literally lived on the  other side of the tracks, maybe the American Dream wasn't for me.   But in time, doors of opportunity were opened that helped me to  realize a plan for my life that was greater than I could ever imagine.   I became the first person in my family to earn a college degree. I  fulfilled my desire of becoming a nurse, and I became privileged to  serve in the Tennessee General Assembly, and now in Congress.   I have traveled far corners of the world, and I have seen the  struggle that women endure for access to education, a paycheck, and for  real independence. I am keenly aware that only here in this country is  my story even possible.  [[Page H2737]]    Only here could someone like me go from living in the halls of public  housing to serving in the halls of the United States Capitol--that is  why we call this the American Dream.   Jeannette Rankin reminds us that the people's House represents  Americans from all walks of life. Today in Congress, we have 104 women  serving, and I am honored to be the first female chairman of the Budget  Committee.   As we celebrate 100 years of women in Congress, we must resolve to  ensure that stories like ours are not unique. The work we have done  here in Congress must reach today's young women with the truth that  they have God-given talents waiting to be used, and that the American  Dream is theirs to share as well.   I again thank the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks) and the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel) for bringing us together to  celebrate this monumental anniversary.    It is really just such a wonder when we look at this  country and, having traveled, as I know that you have, throughout the  world, see the struggles of women in many, many other countries. I know  we are not quite where we want to be, and I know we have still a ways  to go, but I am so proud of what we do here in the United States to  lift up our women and to recognize that they have talents that we need  in every sector of our society.   