 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize  National Police Week. It is also Mental Health Awareness Month. I want  to thank my colleague, whom we affectionately call sheriff, who served  his great State for 33 years.   I want to express my profound gratitude to the men and women in  uniform and their families who serve and sacrifice so much to protect  our safety.   I think we also need to talk about a way that we can repay these men  and women for their sacrifice by making mental health services more  available to our law enforcement officers so that they have the  resources to handle so many difficult on-the-job situations that they  deal with every single day.   Police officers are under constant attack, often on the job, caught  literally in the crossfire of violent domestic violence disputes;  violent crime; finding and recovering bodies of murder victims, some of  whom are young children; targets for lone wolf shootings and attacks;  injecting Narcan, the overdose reversal drug, into people who have  overdosed on heroin, trying to save them.   Think about all of the different things that the men and women in  uniform have to do day in and day out. For most people, just one of  these experiences would be enough to cause trauma. But our police  officers face these and other unthinkable situations daily, sometimes  leading to significant mental health challenges for officers like  suicidal thoughts, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder, and  depression.   Fortunately, we have many law enforcement groups, including the  Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and the Indiana Fraternal  Order of Police, who are working to offer our officers the support and  treatment they need to continue to protect themselves and our  communities.   Since 2010, officers in Indianapolis have been able to receive  counseling and referrals to doctors and clinicians through unique, in- house programs staffed by fellow trained officers.   To help police departments develop and implement similar programs, I  have introduced, along with my good friend, a new Member of Congress  from Florida, Val Demings, the former police chief of Orlando, H.R.  2228, the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act.   This bill will improve the sharing of Federal best practices by the  Department of Justice, the Department of Defense, and the VA with local  police departments. It will make grants available to initiate peer- mentoring pilot programs and develop training for mental health  providers specific to law enforcement, study the effectiveness of  crisis hotlines, and get officers mental health checkups.   If our police officers are healthy, our communities will be even  safer. We owe it to all of our heroes in law enforcement across the  country to protect their mental health and well-being, and I urge  passage of this legislation.   