 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the mass  shooting in Texas yesterday--the latest mass shooting in what seems  like never-ending gun violence in our country. My heart breaks for the  victims and their families and for the community of Sutherland Springs  in Texas.   We are still gathering all the facts about this specific crime. We  are still learning about what happened, how this murderer was able to  purchase a gun, whatever his twisted rationale was for walking into a  house of worship in a small town and slaughtering more than 20 people,  including young children, with an assault weapon. Our incredible law  enforcement officials are working hard to answer all of that, but the  most important fact of all is something we already know very well. This  was yet another case where someone on American soil who had absolutely  no business getting his hands on a weapon of war was able to get one  and use it to commit heinous mass murder.    Of the five worst mass shootings in our history, three of them have  occurred in just the past 17 months. Think about that. In a small town  in America, nearly 7 percent of the town's population was slaughtered  just because they went to church that day. The weapon he used was based  on a military weapon designed for a war zone, but this was not a war  zone. It was a church. People were singing and praying and savoring  life.   I reject the notion that it is too soon to act. If not now, then  when? We should ban assault weapons and bump stocks today. People who  don't want to have an honest conversation say we need to wait. Well,  for how long? Because we wait, and we wait, and we will see evil rear  its ugly head over and over again, and we are told to wait again.   We have enough information today for Congress to do its job and try  to keep our constituents safe from gun violence. We had enough  information before yesterday to act, but what Congress does not have is  the political will to act. My friends, this must change. Thoughts and  prayers are not going to stop the next mass shooting. Merely talking  about doing something about the mentally ill obtaining guns isn't going  to stop the next deranged person with hate in their soul from  committing yet another mass murder. The Second Amendment does not mean  that Americans should have to risk getting shot because they walked  down the wrong street in a city or decided to go to a music festival in  Las Vegas or a night club in Orlando or an elementary school in Newtown  or a movie theater in Aurora or a church on Sunday in Texas.   After each of these horrific acts of violence, what happened here in  Congress? Nothing. More than a month after Las Vegas, we still can't  even tackle the most obvious fixes like banning bump stocks. Plain and  simple, Americans are being slaughtered and Congress is refusing to  protect them.   I hear my colleagues who rightly say we can't pass laws to stop every  instance of a deranged gunman who wants to kill innocent men, women,  and children, just like our other criminal laws will not necessarily  stop every instance of crime, but there is no excuse for not even  trying. Everyone in this Chamber knows that a shooting in a church is  something that should never happen in this country. Mr. President, I  think you would agree with that. I think everyone who serves in this  Chamber would agree with that. So then why aren't we doing anything to  stop this violence? Why aren't we making it harder for a crazed, evil  person to get their hands on a weapon of war?   It makes me wonder what our colleagues are waiting for. Are they  waiting for the NRA to come in and give them cover and tell them it is  OK to act? Are they waiting for the NRA to give them permission to  stand up and do something? If the NRA said today assault rifles or bump  stocks should be banned, it would be done tomorrow. That is the sad  truth of this place, but we know the NRA will not say that because they  want to keep selling these weapons of war to anyone who is willing to  buy them, no matter how unsafe it makes it for the rest of us.   Congress has caved in over and over again to the enormous pressure by  the NRA and the gun industry--which just wants to protect their  profits--and has ignored the vast majority of Americans. Gun owners and  nongun owners alike support commonsense measures to keep their fellow  Americans safe.   These mass slaughters continue, and Congress has done nothing-- absolutely nothing. To me, this is a monumental failure of leadership,  and it is no wonder that gun violence and mass shootings happen here at  a higher rate than any other developed country in the world. This has  to change. It is not enough to solve the individual crime after the  fact. We have to take meaningful, real action to prevent the next one.  This is what has to happen. To those who doubt that Congress can  actually get something done, we already know that, depending on the  motivation, depending on whom Congress is actually listening to,  Congress is fully capable of moving quickly to enact change. Instead of  acting like its hands are tied and refusing to do anything--which is  what is happening right now--far more often than not, Congress listens  to the special interests instead of the people who actually elect them  to keep them safe.   Look at the shameful state of our gun laws now and tell me if you  think these laws came about because families in our States demanded  them or was it because the NRA demanded them? Congress has turned a  collective back on strengthening and expanding our national background  check system. We should be fixing the holes in the system--whatever is  necessary--not just  [[Page S7007]]  shrugging our shoulders and saying there is nothing that can be done.  Who do you think demanded that we don't fix the background check  system? Was it families in your State or was it the NRA? Congress  refuses to ban high-capacity magazines, which are literally made for  war, and let killers fire dozens of rounds without having to stop and  reload. Who do you think demanded that, families or the NRA?   Congress still refuses to ban assault weapons, which are designed for  war--designed to kill as many people as possible as rapidly as possible  but are given different names so they can be sold in the civilian  world. Who do you think demanded that, our families or the NRA?   Congress is on the verge of passing legislation to make it easier  right now for killers to buy suppressers, known by many of us as  silencers, to attach to their weapons and make it harder for the police  to do their jobs and catch violent criminals. Who do you think demanded  that? Certainly not the police and not our families--the NRA.   Congress is dragging its feet on banning bump stocks, the inexpensive  piece of equipment the killer in Las Vegas used to turn its already- powerful firearm into an automatic weapon capable of firing hundreds of  rounds per minute. Who do you think demanded that, families or the NRA?   Just this February, Congress overturned a rule that had prevented  people who were so incapacitated that they could no longer handle their  own finances from getting their hands on a gun. Who do you think  demanded that, families or the NRA?   Congress even went so far as to pass a law that blocked the Centers  for Disease Control from studying the issue of gun deaths the way they  are allowed to study any other cause of death in this country. Why?  Because it is an attempt to hide the overwhelming data showing that  keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people would decrease gun  crime. Who do you think demanded that? Who do you think demanded that  Congress suppress the facts and the alarming data about gun violence?  Do you think it was families or the NRA?   This really has to change. Congress needs to start protecting the  people we were elected to represent. Their voices matter, and it really  does matter whom you are listening to. Their voices matter, and they  must be heard. We must listen and enact change that would actually help  to keep our States safer from gun violence. We are the ones who need to  act. We can't ignore our responsibility to keep our country safe from  this kind of violence.   To all the people who are watching us right now, I would say this:  After all these massacres, pay attention to what your elected leaders  are saying. Pay attention to what they are actually doing. Watch how  they react. Look closely at how they use their time here. Listen to  what they say or don't say. After these mass shootings, did they tell  you we were going to bow our heads for a moment of silence and leave it  there or did they tell you we were going to fight with every bit of  energy to actually fix these broken gun laws and protect our American  citizens?   Democracy only works when regular people stand up and demand action.  I urge everyone listening today to demand that action and to hold  elected leaders accountable and to ask them to pass meaningful gun  reform now.   I yield the floor.   