 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the  Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, our Founders laid out certain rights in our  Constitution, not to empower the government, but to empower the people.  Certainly among the most fundamental of those rights we have as  Americans is to keep and bear arms.   H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, simply ensures  all law-abiding citizens who meet the requirements to obtain concealed  carry permits in their home State can exercise the right to protect  themselves in any State, provided that they obey the local concealed  carry laws.   Mr. Speaker, some opponents of this bill claim that we are somehow  making it easier for dangerous unqualified individuals to obtain and  carry guns. That is absolutely not true.   If a citizen is currently prohibited from purchasing or possessing a  firearm, this bill does nothing to change that.   On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, others will tell you that we are  making it harder for law-abiding Americans to exercise their Second  Amendment right. That is not true either.   H.R. 38 does nothing to infringe upon anyone's right to keep and bear  arms. The bill simply ensures that our current National Instant  Criminal Background Check System, or NICS, is enforced and working  properly.   Those of us who respect the Second Amendment and dedicate our careers  to defending it will always fight to protect this fundamental right  from those who would erode it.   Mr. Speaker, we also have a responsibility to uphold and enforce our  current laws to ensure dangerous people can't obtain weapons. In fact,  it is precisely because we want to preserve our Second Amendment right  that we must ensure our criminal background check system works  properly.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill in order to  ensure that those who obtain a concealed carry permit in one State are  able to enjoy the freedom in any State and to make sure our current  background check system is working the way it was intended to work.   