 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my opposition to  TrumpCare and my strong support for the Affordable Care Act.   Since the ACA was enacted seven years ago, more than 20 million  Americans have gained access to affordable and high quality health  insurance, including nearly one million Ohioans.   We thought 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions would  be able to keep their health care coverage. We thought 105 million  Americans would no longer have to worry about annual or lifetime  limits. Yet, we are here today winding back the clock on all the  progress we have made based on a bill that wasn't released to the  public until last night.   What's the rush to pass a bill that affects so many people without  letting the public view it? What's the rush to pass a bill that affects  so many people without a new CBO score?   Mr. Speaker, we know that TrumpCare will cause Americans to pay more  for less coverage. We know that TrumpCare will provide a massive tax  cut to the super rich 400 families and leave the other 99.9 percent of  people behind. We know that TrumpCare will cause 24 million Americans  to lose their health insurance, including tens of thousands of my  constituents in the Third Congressional District of Ohio. We know that  TrumpCare will slash Medicaid funding by $880 billion. We also know  that TrumpCare will put 13 million children, people with disabilities  and adults just one emergency visit away from financial catastrophe.   Mr. Speaker, these cuts hurt people all across the country. TrumpCare  will not make healthcare more affordable.   Democrats believe healthcare is a right, not a privilege. I join my  colleagues in fighting for affordable healthcare for all Americans. I  will vote no, and urge all my colleagues to vote no as well.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, while the Affordable Care Act  has been in effect since 2010, it has only provided actual access to  health insurance benefits through the exchange and Medicaid expansion  for a little over 3 years--beginning in 2014.   In that short period of time, however, serious problems and flaws  have been exposed, yet in recent months the law's systemic problems  have been trivialized or ignored by many.   Today, buying an insurance policy on the exchanges with high  premiums, high copays, and most importantly, exceedingly high  deductibles make the actual utilization of health benefits far costlier  than originally advertised.   Americans were told repeatedly that the ACA would save up to $2,500  in premium payments per family per year. President Obama said: ``I will  sign a universal health care bill into law by the end of my first term  as president that will cover every American and cut the cost of a  typical family's premium by up to $2,500 a year.''   That didn't happen--not even close.   Nationwide, since 2016, gross premiums before subsidies in the  Bronze-priced tier rose a whopping 27 percent, silver 24 percent and  gold 32 percent.   That should come as no surprise. As early as August 2012, Politifact  found President Obama's promise to be untrue and labeled the statement  a ``promise broken'' in a Politifact report entitled: NO cut in  premiums for typical family.   Health insurance consumers were promised they could keep their  insurance plan if they liked it and keep their trusted doctors as well.  That didn't happen either.   As a matter of fact, several million were kicked off insurance plans  they were very satisfied with--like my wife and I--only to be forced  into an Obamacare plan that we didn't want and was more expensive.   Also, in New Jersey--like much of the nation--insurance companies are  pulling out of the exchanges. Insurers continue to exit the individual  market and the exchange has experienced a net loss of 88 insurers.  Today, five states only have one insurer option. At home, last year  five insurance carriers offered plans on the New Jersey exchange, today  only two remain. The exodus of insurance companies from the individual  market is an unsustainable and ominous trend.   Mr. Speaker, almost twice as many Americans have paid the financial  penalty--pursuant to what is euphemistically called the ``individual  mandate''--for not buying a health insurance plan--or have received an  exemption from the individual mandate as those who have actually  purchased a plan through the exchange. By the numbers that means 19.2  million taxpayers either paid the individual mandate penalty or claimed  an exemption, compared to 10.3 million individuals who paid for plans  on the Obamacare exchanges.   Obamacare also increased taxes by about one trillion dollars.   For example, beginning in 2020, a new 40% excise tax on employer  provided comprehensive health insurance plans is scheduled to take  effect. Any plan provided by an employer exceeding $10,200 for  individuals and $27,500 for families will be taxed at 40 percent for  each dollar above those numbers. According to the Kaiser Family  Foundation this so-called Cadillac tax will hit 26 percent of employers  by 2020.   According to the IRS, approximately 10 million families took  advantage of the chronic care tax deduction which is now been redefined  out of reach for many. New taxes combined with skyrocketing premiums,  copays and deductibles underscores the need for serious review,  reevaluation and reform.   That said Mr. Speaker, I remain deeply concerned--and will vote no  today--largely because the pending bill cuts Medicaid funding  [[Page H2439]]  by an estimated $839 billion over ten years according to the  Congressional Budget Office (CBO), rolls back Medicaid expansion,  cancels essential health benefits such as maternity and newborn care,  hospitalization, pediatric services, and mental health and substance  use treatment, and includes ``per capita caps''--all of which will  likely hurt disabled persons, the elderly and the working poor.   For years, I have supported Medicaid expansion as a meaningful way of  providing access to health care for struggling individuals and families  living above the poverty line but still poor despite being employed--80  percent of all Medicaid enrollees in New Jersey are families with at  least one working adult in 2017.   Although more than 800,000 children are served by Medicaid in my  state, the bulk of Medicaid funds are spent assisting the disabled and  the elderly. In New Jersey approximately 74 percent of all Medicaid  spending goes directly to assist persons with disabilities and senior  citizens. Two out of every five people in nursing homes are on  Medicaid.   According to the New Jersey Department of Human Services, in New  Jersey total enrollment in Medicaid in February 2017 was 1.77 million  people. Of that a significant number are newly enrolled under Medicaid  expansion--663,523 ``newly eligible.''   These people are in need and deserve our support. Current law  provides states that opted to embrace Medicaid Expansion--like New  Jersey--95 percent of the costs for the ``newly enrolled.'' The federal  share drops to 90 percent by 2020.   The proposed American Health Care Act continues Medicaid expansion  however only until 2020. Those enrolled before December 31, 2019 would  be grandfathered in at the 90 percent match rate but the federal-state  match formula would then be reduced to a range between 75 percent-25  percent to 50 percent-50 percent or any new enrollee.   What does that mean?   The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops wrote each of us on  March 17th: ``. . . it is our assessment that some provisions are  commendable (and they reference the pro-life safeguards and other  noteworthy provisions in the bill) . . . while others present grave  challenges that must be addressed before passage . . . millions of  people who would be eligible for Medicaid under current law will be  negatively impacted due to reduced funding from the per capita cap  system proposed in the legislation, according to the CBO. Those  struggling families who currently receive Medicaid coverage from the  recent expansion will see dramatic changes through the AHCA as well,  without clear indication of affordable, adequate coverage to replace  their current options. Many states begin their legislative sessions  every cycle by attempting to overcome major deficits. State and local  resources are unlikely to be sufficient to cover the gaps that will be  created in the health care system as financial responsibility is  further shifted to the states. Congress must rework the Medicaid- related provisions of the AHCA to fix these problems and ensure access  for all, and especially for those most in need.''   A letter led by the Consortium For Citizens with Disabilities, and  signed by over 60 organizations states:   ``Dramatic reductions in federal support for Medicaid will force  states to cut services and/or eligibility that puts the health and  wellbeing of people with disabilities at significant risk. In fact,  people with disabilities are particularly at risk because so many  waiver and home- and community-based services are optional Medicaid  services and will likely be the first services cut when states are  addressing budgetary shortfalls. The health, functioning, independence,  and wellbeing of 10 million enrollees living with disabilities and,  often, their families, depends on funding the services that Medicaid  provides. Likewise, Medicaid Expansion provides coverage for millions  of people with disabilities and their caregivers who previously fell  into healthcare coverage gaps. For many people with disabilities, being  able to access timely, needed care is a life or death matter. The  drastic cuts to Medicaid that will result from per capita caps and the  ultimate elimination of Medicaid Expansion will endanger millions.''   Autism Speaks, a leading autism awareness, science, and advocacy  group, further articulated another concern, that ``the choice of 2016  as a baseline year for per capita caps may prevent states from  addressing the needs of children with autism. In July 2014 the Center  for Medicaid and CHIP Services issued an informational bulletin  clarifying Medicaid coverage of services to children with autism,  including benefit requirements for the Early and Periodic Screening,  Diagnostic, and Treatment (EPSDT) program. Although EPSDT is a  mandatory Medicaid program, few states in 2016 funded autism services  at the required standard of care. Locking in 2016 as a baseline year  can only perpetuate this historic underfunding of EPSDT benefits.''   Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, for my constituents and all  Americans, Trumpcare would result in higher costs, less coverage, a  crushing age tax for persons 50 to 64, a shorter Medicare life span,  and the ransacking of the Medicaid funds that enable seniors to get the  long term care they need. And last night, Republicans added a provision  that would prohibit our veterans who are eligible to receive VA care  from receiving any tax credits to help pay for their care outside the  VA, even if they are not enrolled in the VA.   In my congressional district, the uninsured rate dropped from 31.7 to  17.5 percent due to Obamacare.   Among my constituents who benefited are a young mother from Bell  Gardens, California, and her 15-month-old daughter, Olivia, who was  born with Down Syndrome.   Because of Obamacare's Medicaid expansion in California, Olivia was  able to have her congenital heart defect repaired shortly after birth.  She is now being followed by a cardiologist to ensure her ongoing care  for a healthy heart.   Obamacare's Medicaid expansion also makes it possible for baby Olivia  to receive early intervention and physical therapy services to enhance  and accelerate her development.   Olivia's mom is terrified that if Trumpcare passes, her daughter may  not be able to receive these services, which help her remain healthy  and make it possible for her to reach critical developmental  milestones.   Republicans like to call Obamacare a failed disaster. That is simply  one more example of their ``alternative facts.''   The Republican Trumpcare bill before us is the disaster waiting to  unfold for countless families like Olivia's, and millions of Americans  across our country.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on behalf of the American people.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, which not only  seeks to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but  reform entitlements, redistribute wealth, and strip coverage from  millions of people.   The American Health Care Act would reduce coverage for Americans  while increasing out-of-pocket costs for the sickest and the elderly.  Health plans would fail to meet the needs of Americans with chronic or  complex conditions. The bill also eliminates protections against annual  and lifetime caps. With a last-minute manager's amendment to repeal the  Essential Health Benefits, the ten coverage rules set up by the  Affordable Care Act, this ruthless bill has gotten even worse.   The Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover ten ``Essential  Health Benefits'' from maternity care, mental health, and prescription  drugs, to hospitalization and outpatient care. If this is repealed,  comprehensive health insurance will become virtually unavailable in the  individual market. This means that individuals with pre-existing  conditions would not be protected. Younger and healthier people  benefit, older and sicker people suffer.   While the new additions to this measure are startling, the original  bill is just as shocking. Slashing and capping the Medicaid program  will ration care and give tax breaks to the wealthy. This bill cuts  $880 million from Medicaid and then caps the program so that it cannot  expand and contract as needed. By the end of 2019, the Medicaid  expansion program will freeze and this bill will shift costs to states  for the elderly, children, individuals with disabilities, and low- income adults.   This bill will kick 24 million people off their health insurance by  2026, and 7 million people will lose their employer-based coverage.  While the Affordable Care Act subsidies were based on income and when  premiums rose, the federal subsidy also rose to pay for premium costs,  the American Health Care Act replaces those subsidies with a fixed  credit amount. The age-based tax credits are a refundable tax credits  that is larger for older individuals, however, it allows insurers to  charge older enrollees five times more than a younger enrollee.   Mr. Speaker, the public has spoken about this so-called  ``replacement'' bill. People will live or die as a result of this  legislation. This bill will force Americans to pay more for their  premiums, more for their care, more on out-of-pocket expenses and  deductibles; all the while giving tax breaks directly to the wealthy.  The Republican leadership has rushed this bill to the floor without any  consideration and I urge you all to consider its harmful effects. Your  constituents are asking you to work with us to repair the Affordable  Care Act. Work with us.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, although Trumpcare is a terrible  Healthcare plan, it is a terrific Wealthcare plan.   Trumpcare is terrific Wealthcare because in the final analysis, it  allows the 400 richest families to get $7 million a year ad infinitum,  $7 million a year forever.   In the final analysis, 79% of the cuts become Wealthcare dollars for  the very rich, not healthcare dollars for the very poor.  [[Page H2440]]    In the final analysis, it sacrifices $1 trillion from Medicare and  Medicaid to enrich the lives of millionaires and billionaires.   In the final analysis, it provides more money for Wealthcare and less  money for Healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, Trumpcare is more Wealthcare and less Healthcare.   