 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I want to commend Dr. Wenstrup and  the chairman and ranking member for their work on this bill.   Today I am offering this amendment that will help get to the root of  one of the big problems within the VA that leads to high turnover by  providers and compromises care for our veteran heroes. Specifically, my  amendment strengthens anonymity protections for VA employees who fill  out exit surveys and requires that this exit survey data be more  localized so that the agency can better solve region-specific problems.   High staff turnover is an ongoing problem in our VA and it negatively  affects our veterans. High turnover leads to staff shortages and  results in veterans having to wait longer to see their doctor or their  specialist, and it also means that there are issues with continuity of  care for veterans.   Over the last few years, I have asked the VA why healthcare providers  are leaving. The VA took some educated guesses as to why but could not  provide hard data or facts.   Two years ago I inserted a directive into the MILCON VA approps bill  requiring the VA to begin offering exit surveys to collect data on why  healthcare providers are leaving. I also required that the VA develop a  detailed plan to address the primary reasons these providers were  leaving. While that report has provided some insights, we found that it  is failing to take a few important steps that would make sure we are  receiving honest feedback from these exiting providers.   For instance, the Portland VA employees who fill out the survey have  to fill it out at a kiosk in the HR office where the HR staff can see  them doing it. While the survey, itself, is anonymous, departing  employees have to log into the kiosk with their employee identification  number. The fear of being identified is a big deterrent for providers  filling out this voluntary but critical survey. Only if VA providers  are telling the honest truth about what they saw, heard, and  experienced in their workplace can the VA then fix the problems that  plague its facilities.   Therefore, we have to make this exit survey as easy and confidential  to fill out as possible, and that is what my amendment requires. It  requires these surveys to be conducted at a location that allows for  privacy, not directly visible by another VA employee, and it does not  require the departing employee to put in any personal, identifiable  information. It also requires the exit survey data to be compiled at  the regional level to identify and acknowledge local needs.   What needs to be changed in southwest Washington may not be the same  as what is happening in Texas or Virginia or Florida, and this  amendment will help the VA identify the right region-specific  solutions.   With that, I urge Members to support my amendment so we can better  serve and support our veterans by retaining their healthcare providers.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Walz).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   