 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, I rise to support the nomination of  former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue to serve as Secretary of  Agriculture.   Since the beginning of the Trump administration, the Department of  Agriculture has been left without leadership. Based on President  Trump's decisions over the past few months, it is clear, unfortunately,  that agriculture and small towns like those all over Michigan have been  an afterthought.   It didn't help that Governor Perdue was the very last Cabinet  Secretary to be nominated by President Trump. The White House then took  7 weeks to submit the official nomination paperwork to the Senate,  which further delayed our hearing process.   Despite unprecedented delays from this administration, the  Agriculture Committee acted in a swift and bipartisan fashion to  approve Governor Perdue with overwhelming support.   Governor Perdue grew up on a dairy and crop farm in a small town in  Georgia. He worked as a veterinarian and served as a two-term Governor.  He has the confidence of nearly 700 agricultural stakeholder groups  that represent farmers, ranchers, conservationists, landowners, and the  food and nutrition communities. He understands that the Agriculture  Department has a profound impact on nearly every community across the  country and certainly every family.   Whether it is bringing broadband to small towns, supporting  lifesaving agricultural research, feeding our children, our families,  our veterans, or protecting our forests, our land, our water, and our  air, the Agriculture Department plays a vital role in almost every  aspect of American life.   Governor Perdue's leadership is desperately needed by farmers,  families, and all Americans who rely on the USDA.   For months, rural America has not had a voice in this administration,  and frankly it shows. President Trump's budget proposal makes it clear  that rural America is not a top priority for his administration. His  proposal cuts USDA funding by 21 percent, the third largest cut to any  Federal agency.   To examine the impact these proposed cuts would have on our country's  small towns and rural communities, I released a report that highlights  how President Trump is turning his back on rural America.   This report demonstrates how the Trump budget would eliminate-- eliminate--the rural water and sewer program that repairs crumbling  water infrastructure that is depended upon in communities all across  America and certainly all across Michigan. This would leave thousands  of communities across the country without the ability to provide clean  water.   USDA business loans are also slated to end, undermining the creation  of new jobs in areas where unemployment is already too high. Again, I  can go from community to community in Northern Michigan or in the east  or the west and talk with people who have been able to start their  small business with the support of USDA rural development business  loans, creating jobs, communities, and really helping to form the  lifeblood of small towns all across Michigan and the country.   Many more critical services for rural Americans are also on the  chopping block. Our farmers and our families, frankly, deserve better.  We need a Secretary of Agriculture who will be a relentless advocate  for our Nation's farmers and the important services USDA provides. That  is why I am supporting Governor Perdue.   It is important to stress again that American agriculture and our  rural communities are already doing more with less. In the last farm  bill, we made responsible, bipartisan reforms that cut $23 billion in  Federal spending, and we now know that the 2014 farm bill policies are  actually predicted to save tens of billions of dollars more than we  originally had expected.   The budget cuts the Trump administration has proposed are frankly  irresponsible and show a stunning disregard for the current state of  the farm economy. Farm prices are down nearly 50 percent from their  highs just a few years ago, and producers are struggling to make ends  meet. Rural America is the economic backbone of our country, and too  many small towns are still struggling to recover from the great  recession.   Over the last 8 years, USDA has made important investments in rural  communities, and we are beginning to see small towns across the country  on the road to recovery, but there is more to do. Now is not the time  for the Trump administration to turn its back on people who live in  rural America.   We need a strong voice to insist that the President listen to the 500  groups that are saying that agriculture, conservation, food assistance,  and other farm bill services are critical to our economy and should be  maintained.   Rural America has waited long enough for a leader at the USDA. I am  pleased the Agriculture Committee worked together promptly and  thoroughly to review Governor Perdue's qualifications. After multiple  conversations and questions, I am confident that Governor Perdue has  the experience, the judgment, and the commitment to lead this important  Department.   In this Congress, we also have a farm bill on the horizon. I am  confident Governor Perdue will be a strong partner as we develop a  bipartisan, comprehensive bill that works for farmers and families  across our country.   In my conversations with Governor Perdue, it is clear that he  understands the challenges farmers are facing, from continued low  prices, especially our dairy producers who are struggling because  unfortunately the safety net that  [[Page S2478]]  was put in place has not worked as intended, and it needs to be fixed.   I am pleased he is committed to looking for creative solutions in the  short run as well as the long run. Now more than ever, we need the next  Secretary of Agriculture to be a champion for all those families across  our country who live in small towns and rural communities. I believe  Governor Perdue will look past regional divides and partisan pressures  to do what is best for the people we serve.   I urge colleagues to support the nomination of Governor Sonny Perdue,  and I also urge this administration to start supporting the small towns  and rural communities that make our country great.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   