 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member  of the committee for doing a historic reauthorization of this historic  Department that came in the backdrop of the most heinous and singular  terrorist act in terms of the beginning part of the 21st century to  come together with this important statement about securing the  homeland.   This year will mark the 15th year of the Department of Homeland  Security. Homeland security is defined as ``the national effort to  ensure a homeland that is safe, secure, and resilient against terrorism  and other hazards where American interests, aspirations, and ways of  life can thrive . . . .''   This is what I hope this bill will do.   I want to take special note of two of the subagencies in this bill in  particular, taking note of the killing of Gerardo Hernandez, the first  TSA officer in the line of duty to be killed, in Los Angeles, and the  machete attack on Carol Richel at the Louis Armstrong New Orleans  International Airport. We owe a great deal of appreciation and thanks  to the Transportation Security Administration and the TSOs. I  personally thank them for the work that they do to be front line in  securing America.   I also want to express my appreciation for the Secret Service, who,  of course, through challenges, have continued to work to protect  America's most important leadership, the President in particular. I  thank them for their service.   I also want to make mention of the fact that I was very appreciative  of the number of amendments that I was able to get in. The Jackson Lee  amendments included mandates that the Department of Homeland Security  add a new provision to the duties of the Office for Civil Rights and  Civil Liberties, which directs that the Department recognize as part of  their mission to preserve individual liberty, fairness, and equality  under the law.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi,  the ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, my second amendment deals with the multiyear acquisition  strategy, keeps pace with changes in technology. This amendment makes  sure that the agency's purchases are most up-to-date.   My third amendment deals with the fusion centers and will develop,  keep up-to-date, and make available information on Federal resources  intended to support fusion centers across America.   My fourth amendment would add to the list of DHS components,  including the chief medical officer, to allow them to enter into MOUs  so that they can be most helpful across the country.   My other amendment deals with preparedness, ensuring that the  National Domestic Preparedness Consortium includes a special directive  regarding preparedness in urban areas.   Finally, let me say that we have oversight over ICE and the  immigration services. I think it is important to note that ICE has to  be responsible, not seeking to raid and deport individuals who have  been in this country, who are paying their taxes, and who have options  to be able to stay in this country. I hope this reauthorization  recognizes that we need comprehensive immigration reform and that ICE  is important, but it must restrain its reckless way of deporting  individuals.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in speak in strong support of H.R. 2825, the  Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017, which is the first  authorization bill for the Department of Homeland Security since its  creation.   I thank Chairman McCaul and Ranking Member Thompson for working  diligently to bring before the House of Representatives the  authorization legislation.   As a Senior member of the Committee on Homeland Security, and former  Chair of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, now known as the  Transportation and Protective Security Subcommittee, as well as the  former Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime  Security, I am very much aware of the importance of the work performed  by the men and women who protect us from terrorism.   Homeland Security is defined as: ``the national effort to ensure a  homeland that is safe, secure, and resilient against terrorism and  other hazards where American interests, aspirations, and ways of life  can thrive to the national effort to prevent terrorist attacks within  the United States, reduce the vulnerability of the U.S. to terrorism,  and minimize the damage from attacks that do occur.''   This year will mark the 15th year the Department of Homeland Security  has been in existence and we owe the men and women who serve on the  front line of defending our people of the United States against  terrorist acts at home.   DHS's mission is to secure the nation from the many threats we face.   DHS is securing our nation through the dedication and hard work of  the more than 229,000 employees to serve the nation in jobs that range  from aviation and border security to emergency response, from  cybersecurity analyst to chemical facility inspector.   The Department of Homeland Security has many challenges--the greatest  of which is overcoming serious morale problems.   This authorization will accomplish a great deal, but the underlying  central problem for the Department of Homeland Security is morale.   The employees of the Department of Homeland Security are on the front  lines of our nation's defense against terrorism.   I recall the shooting incident at LAX that killed Gerardo Hernandez,  who became the first TSA officer killed in the line of duty; and the  machete attack at the Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport  that resulted in injuries to Senior Transportation Security Officer  Carol Richel.   Their sacrifice and heroism reminds me of what we saw on September  11, 2001.   I will never forget that day, which made the creation of the  Department of Homeland Security necessary.   September 11, 2017 will mark the 16th Anniversary of the attacks that  killed 2,977 men, women and children.   On September 11, 2001, I stood on the East Front steps of the Capitol  along with 150 Members of the House of Representatives and sang ``God  Bless America.''   I will forever recall the Members of this House who stood with each  other not as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans.   I want to thank and commend the work of our first responders across  the nation for their efforts to protect and serve their communities and  our nation.   Our duty as Members of Congress is to support the Department of  Homeland Security in meeting its core mission of keeping Americans  safe.   I am in support of H.R. 2825 for the following three reasons:   Terrorists have evolved their means and methods for perpetrating acts  of terror that were not envisioned at the time the agency was created;   The role of the Internet as a tool for terrorists to recruit and  train people around the world who may be drawn to their messages of  hate must be calculated into the work to defend the nation; and   The Department of Homeland Security has evolved since its initial  authorization bill became law on November 25, 2002, and this bill is a  necessary step to make sure the agency can benefit from that  experience.  [[Page H6116]]    I appreciate and thank the Committee on Homeland Security Members for  the inclusion of my bill, the ``Federal Information Resource to  Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act of 2017'' also  known as the ``FIRST State and Local Law Enforcement Act'' in the  Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute for H.R. 2824, the Homeland  Security Authorization Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, the FIRST State and Local Law Enforcement Act, supports  transparency and oversight of the work of the DHS Office of State and  Local Law Enforcement by requiring that an annual report of its  activities be provided to Congress.   This office is the primary coordinator, liaison, and advocate for  state, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agencies.   This office was created based on recommendations from the 9/11  Commission and serves as the primary liaison between DHS and non- Federal law enforcement agencies across the country.   The office also leads the coordination of DHS' policies related to  state, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement's role in  preventing, preparing for, protecting against, and responding to  natural disasters, acts of terrorism and other man-made disasters.   Because this DHS office plays a significant role in the required  outreach to state and local law enforcement entities it is important  that the Committee be kept apprised of its work.   The ``FIRST State and Local Law Enforcement Act'' will include data  about the coordination and information with State and locals,  establishing and reporting performance and metrics feedback received  from State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies about the  Office.   I thank the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Homeland Security  Committee for also including Several Jackson Lee amendments in the  final bill:   The First Jackson Lee Amendment adds to the list of the Bill's  mandates for the Department of Homeland Security, which the Secretary  of DHS shall implement as part of the overall mission of the agency.   This Jackson Lee Amendment adds a new provision to the duties of the  Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, which directs that the  Department recognizes as part of its mission to preserve individual  liberty, fairness, and equality under the law;''.   The Second Jackson Lee Amendment adds an assurance that the DHS  Multiyear Acquisition Strategy keeps ``pace with changes in technology  that could impact deliverables.'' This amendment makes sure that the  agency's purchases are the most up to date technology available.   The Third Jackson Lee Amendment would amend the Department of  Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative section of the  bill to make sure that the Department will ``develop, keep up to date,  and make available information on federal resources intended to support  fusion center access to agency data.''   The unique and well established relationship between the National  Network of Fusion Centers and the Department of Homeland Security is  codified in this authorization bill, and important transparency  measure.   This amendment creates an ongoing mission by the Homeland Security  Fusion Center Partnership Initiative to support local and state fusion  participation.   The Fourth Jackson Lee Amendment adds to the list of DHS components  which can enter into Memorandums of Understanding to include the Chief  Medical Officer.   A memorandum of understanding or MOU is a formal agreement between  Department of Homeland Security components and two or more parties  regarding a matter of mutual benefit or interest where each party will  provide to the other something of consequence.   In the case of this Jackson Lee amendment, the Office of Chief  Medical Officer will be able to enter into MOUs, which are not legally  binding agreements, for the purpose of carrying out its mission.   The fifth Jackson Lee Amendment assures that the Department of  Homeland Security's National Domestic Preparedness Consortium includes  a special directive regarding preparedness training for urban areas.   The Amendment establishes that ``to the extent practicable,'' the  Department of Homeland Security will ``provide training in settings  that simulate real response environments, such as urban areas.''   Urban preparedness planning will include drills, and my amendment  allows each urban area to determine the settings and scenarios that  will best approximate the challenges that may need to be overcome.   Few of us will forget the impact of Hurricane Katrina or what we saw  following Hurricane Sandy.   None of us will forget the attack on New York City or the months of  difficult excavation and recovery at the site of the attacks.   Urban centers come with a host of challenges that require adjustments  in how preparedness drills are conducted to ensure that lessons learned  can be applied to real world conditions.   I thank the Committee for adoption of these legislative improvements,  which added them to the bill being debated by the House of  Representatives.   I ask that the members of the House to support H.R. 2825, the  ``Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017.''   