 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from New York, the  distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, for  yielding, and more importantly, for her great leadership to advance the  values of our country in allocation of resources. And I always admire  the work of Mr. Frelinghuysen, our distinguished chairman, as well. We  may have a matter of disagreement here today, though.   Mr. Chair, all of us, Members of Congress, all elected officials,  people who serve in any office, take a solemn oath to support and  defend the Constitution, and that is an oath to protect the American  people.   Democrats, indeed all Americans, believe in a strong national  defense. We believe in strong investments in our defense and in our  brave men and women in uniform, in particular.   But far from strengthening our security, the falsely inflated numbers  in this spending bill will create uncertainty for our military and  hollow out America's communities at home.   We face serious threats in the world. We know that. Those threats  demand serious consideration in Congress. We should be making serious  decisions about our national security mission. What is our mission?  What are the resources that we need?   We don't want to spend more than we need, but we don't want to spend  less, and we should not be posturing in the Defense bill with false  numbers and no real answers about the mission that these dollars would  fund.   We do not give certainty to our defense or confidence to our troops  when we legislate with phony numbers when we refuse to make honest  choices about our Defense budget.   Instead of giving certainty to our heroes in uniform, this bill would  breach the sequester spending limit by more than $70 billion, forcing a  mandatory 13 percent cut to all Defense accounts.   These phony numbers in this bill not only do violence to our Defense  budget, they starve the strength of America by ransacking our domestic  investments.   In order to be the strongest possible America, we must measure our  strength not only in our military might, but in the health, education,  and well-being of the American people.   And that is what the problem is, that we are stealing from the  domestic budget with phony numbers for the Defense budget, which will  be because of the sequester cut to the Defense accounts by 13 percent  as we starve our domestic investments.   Besides the direct danger this bill poses to our military, it is  laden with poison pills. It would squander billions of taxpayer dollars  on President Trump's immoral, ineffective, and expensive border wall.   The President said, during the campaign, he said: ``I promise a  wall.'' No. He promised a wall that Mexico would pay for. He said it  would cost $4 billion to $6 billion. The fact is it could cost as much  as $30 billion, $40 billion, and he wants a down payment for that wall  in this bill--one poison pill.   It also eliminates ARPA-E, the advanced energy research vital to our  energy independence and to our national security to keep America the  innovation superpower of the 21st century.   Democrats will continue to demand real leadership to strengthen our  national defense.   Mr. Chair, on this day, July 26, 1948, President Harry Truman signed  the executive order desegregating the U.S. military. How great that was  for America. How great it is for our country to benefit from the  service of so many people who had been serving all along but now with  dignity and respect, which was justified.   So how sad it is on this same day that the President of the United  States, 69 years ago, recognized the value of respecting our men and  women in uniform, that the Commander in Chief, the President of the  United States, fired 15,000 courageous men and women in uniform in a  vile, hateful tweet. His actions regarding transgenders in the military  were unworthy of their bravery and unworthy of the American people.   Let us be thankful for the blessings of all of our men and women in  uniform, our veterans who have served us, and our military families to  whom we owe so much. Their courage, their service and leadership, and  their sacrifice are what truly makes us the land of the free and the  home of the brave, and it insists that we be serious and real and  evidence-based as we make decisions about how we invest in the security  of our country.    Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote.   