 Mr. President, one of my top priorities as a Senator has  been to expand access to affordable health care for all Americans. I  have always believed that the key to achieving this goal is to bring  down the cost of health care, so more Americans can afford to purchase  the health insurance that they need. During debate over the Affordable  Care Act, I raised the concern that the bill's cumbersome ``one size  fits all'' approach would do more harm than good and would result in an  even more expensive, broken, and unsustainable health care system.   Unfortunately, my fears are now reality. According to the Kaiser  Family Foundation, premiums for employer-sponsored family health plans  now top $18,000 per year, up nearly $5000 since 2009. Deductibles have  also been rising: in 2009, only one in five workers enrolled in single- coverage employer plans faced a deductible over $1000. Today more than  half do.   In Maine, premiums on the Exchange will rise an average of 22 percent  this year, and many States are seeing even higher premium hikes.  Meanwhile, fewer insurers are willing to write policies, leaving few  choices for consumers who are looking for insurance.   Some of the ACA's provisions--especially its consumer protections-- enjoy bipartisan support and should be retained; however, its  Washington-centric approach must be changed if we are ever to truly  reform our broken health care system. Nevertheless, this task must be  undertaken with care.   There is growing understanding that we cannot simply repeal the  Affordable Care Act now and then wait 2 or 3 years to put reforms in  place. Doing that would risk harming consumers who rely upon the  current system for their insurance and would exacerbate the turmoil in  the insurance markets. If we want a smooth transition from a broken and  unaffordable system to a system that finally delivers on the promise of  reform, we must carefully plan how we intend to get from where we are  today, to where we need to be tomorrow.   Thus, we are called to act quickly, but not in haste. That is why I  joined Senators Corker, Portman, Cassidy, and Murkowski in offering an  amendment that would change the reporting date for the bill reported  pursuant to the budget resolution's reconciliation instructions from  January 27 to March 3. While I continue to much prefer the later date,  I have received assurances from Senate leaders that the January 27th  date is not binding and that there is a shared commitment that we will  take the time necessary to proceed thoughtfully with legislative  reforms to replace and reform Obamacare.   Few issues are as important to the American people as fixing our  broken health care system. As we move to repair the ACA, I look forward  to continuing to work with my colleagues on responsible alternatives  that can put us on a path to a health care system that is truly  sustainable and affordable.   