 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded    Mr. President, there have now been two speakers on the  floor this afternoon speaking to H.J. Res. 69, which is the disapproval  resolution on Alaska fish and wildlife refuge rule. I have come today  to speak in strong support of this resolution, which will effectively  overturn a rule imposed by the previous administration related to fish  and wildlife management on millions of acres of refuge land in the  State of Alaska.   I would like to start my comments by acknowledging Senator Sullivan,  for his lead on this initiative, and Congressman Young, as he moved  this measure through the House just a couple of weeks ago. What we saw  in the House measure and the final vote was a bipartisan vote that  secured passage through the House, and I thank Congressman Young for  his able leadership there.   I also want to thank Senator Sullivan for his comments and for really  doing an excellent job in outlining and explaining why this Fish and  Wildlife Service rule is bad for Alaska, bad for hunters, bad for our  Native peoples, and bad for America.   Like my friend and colleague, I am here to encourage Members of the  Senate to see this rule for what it really is. It is a clear departure  from Federal law. It is unwarranted regulatory overreach, and, from all  accounts, it is a direct attack on States' rights.   Now, we will have discussion back and forth on the floor about  various hunting practices, and we will see beautiful shots of wildlife  and suggestions that, somehow or other, this is about a specific  hunting practice. This is bigger than wildlife refuges in the State of  Alaska. This is an issue that is not just isolated or contained in the  State of Alaska. This resolution is specific to Alaska, but I would  suggest to  [[Page S1868]]  my colleagues that for all of those of us who care about States'  rights, who care about the promises made to our States about how they  operate and how they manage activities in their States, this is  something that we must all pay attention to because this is a direct  attack on States' rights.   I look at this and suggest that this rule is a solution in search of  a problem. Again, there are those who would say: Why is the Senate  spending 10 hours to debate practices within a refuge in the State of  Alaska? Is this not just so parochial an issue that it ought not take  our time? However, I would contend that this foreshadows what is in  store for the rest of the country if we are not adamant in ensuring  that this rule be repealed by Congress.   Now, for those who may not be familiar with Alaska or gaming  management laws within our State or within our national wildlife  refuges in general, I think it is important to cover some basic facts  and perhaps a little bit of history here to illustrate why this rule is  so flawed. Alaska, like every other State in the Nation, holds primary  legal authority to manage its fish and its wildlife, including on  Federal refuge lands.   So let's not get confused here and think that because we have Federal  lands, somehow or other the States do not have primacy when it comes to  management of fish and wildlife. Alaska holds legal authority to manage  the fish and wildlife within its borders. This is clear. This is  unambiguous. Congress explicitly provided that authority specifically  to our State in not one, not two, but three separate laws. The first of  these is the Alaska Statehood Act; then the Alaska National Interest  Lands Conservation Act--ANILCA; and the third authority was through the  National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act. In three separate  authorities, Congress made it clear: Alaska, you are to manage the fish  and wildlife within your borders.   Our Statehood Act gave Alaska the right to manage its fish and its  wildlife as soon as the State could assemble a department of fish and  game, which we actually did in our first year of Statehood. Then, in  1980, ANILCA, the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act,  affirmed twice that nothing within its text was ``intended to enlarge  or diminish the authority of the State of Alaska for management of fish  and wildlife on the public lands.''   Again, it is very clear, not only within the Statehood Act, but  within ANILCA, that management would be left with the State. The  authority to manage our fish and our wildlife--through decisions based  on sound science and that make sense for our local communities--is  something that we in Alaska take very, very seriously. For us, State  management of fish and wildlife is practically sacrosanct. I cannot  emphasize that enough. It is one of the key reasons the State of Alaska  voted to join the Union, so we have pretty good reason for the emotion  and the passion that come with this authority to manage our fish and  our wildlife.   I am proud to acknowledge that not only am I the first Senator to  serve in the Senate who was born in Alaska; I was actually born in the  territory. My parents and my grandparents were engaged in the battle  for Statehood. Some think it was about the land. For most of the  discussion that I recall from my family, it was all about fish. It was  all about the salmon. One of the reasons we fought for Statehood was  management of our fisheries. The Federal management of Alaska salmon  fisheries prior to Statehood was absolutely appalling, with salmon  stocks falling from 113 million in 1934 to just 25 million in 1959. We  saw the management from the Federal side, and that experience left  Alaskans absolutely committed to State management and the preservation  of both fish and game, so we negotiated that for ourselves. We put it  into law; we enshrined it into law in several different places. And we  expect our Federal agencies to abide by that.   Those were the terms of the deal when we entered the Union as a  State: Alaska is to manage the fish and wildlife within our borders. It  is our right and our responsibility, and we take that responsibility  very seriously. We have an entire department of fish and game dedicated  to it and, as Senator Sullivan rightly noted, a department that has  been recognized for the good work they do, the strong science they  utilize. We are proud of the efforts they make to ensure that this  management is done for sustained yield, the principle we stand by in  our State's constitution. For decades now, we have done just that,  until the National Park Service in 2015 and the Fish and Wildlife  Service in 2016 took it upon themselves to propose regulations to take  control away from Alaska, despite what was contained in our Statehood  agreement, in ANILCA, and in the National Wildlife Refuge  Administration Act.   The National Park Service's rule is outside the reach of the  Congressional Review Act. So while, in my view, that also deserves  repeal, it is not the focus of our debate today. Instead, the  resolution we are discussing focuses on the Fish and Wildlife Service  rule that was finalized over the protests of Alaskans in August of last  year. The rule itself was packaged perhaps innocently enough. The Fish  and Wildlife Service spoke of clarifying ``existing mandates'' for  conservation and biological diversity, and the agency claimed it was  outlawing a few methods of predator control, couched its rule as a  victory for public participation, and then promised us that it did not  change Federal subsistence regulations or impose new regulations on  subsistence users.   On the face of it all, it sounded as though it was going to be not so  bad--if you take the agency's description at face value. Many who are  outside of Alaska are looking at this and saying: Why are you making  such a big deal about all of this? The Department of the Interior is  just clarifying some hunting rules, so it can't be that big of a deal.   But the answer on that is: Wrong. This is a big deal.   Some of our opponents will allege the repeal of this rule will  legalize brutal predator-control practices. What the Senate should know  is that it is already illegal for hunters to use certain practices--gas  against wolves, traps to harvest bears. You cannot do this on national  wildlife refuges in Alaska. So those arguments are false and,  unfortunately, serve mostly to distract from what this rule is really  about. As I mentioned at the outset of my comments, what this is really  about are the States' rights, States' authorities, and, effectively,  States' control.   First and foremost, I am here to defend the rights of my home State  and all of the States to manage fish and game within their boundaries.  The game management rule severely erodes the authority of Alaska to  make these decisions, and I think it sets a terrible precedent for the  other 49 States. If you think, this rule is just about Alaska, that  this is not something you need not worry yourself about--well you  really actually ought to be worried. Especially so if you have Federal  lands within your State. Your State could be the next one where Fish  and Wildlife Service comes in and says: No, it's not going to be you,  State, that has this management authority. We're going to come in and  tell you what can and cannot be done.   The Fish and Wildlife Service freely admits its rule will impact 54  million acres of refuge land inside the State of Alaska. This is an  area 10 times larger than the size of the State of Massachusetts. This  is not insignificant. Really, this is truly the camel's nose under the  tent.   If Congress allows this rule to stand, it will effectively override  U.S. Supreme Court rulings from 1896 and 1979, which held that the  States have the power to ``protect and conserve wild animal life within  their borders.'' The States' power in this area is subject only to  specific Federal authorities articulated by Congress, such as the  Endangered Species Act and the Marine Mammal Protection Act.   The precedent being set for Alaska--and every other State--should be  sufficient reason for us to oppose this rule. But I also need to speak  to some of the particulars included within it, especially the Obama  administration's claim that it would not change or restrict subsistence  uses.    This regulation made significant and substantive changes to  regulations related to the hunting of bears. While I realize that not  everyone may agree with hunting, I urge you to listen to what my  colleague from the State of Alaska said in his comments and what  [[Page S1869]]  he outlined in terms of subsistence to Alaska Natives, subsistence to  those who are in areas so remote that ``rural'' is not even the right  way to describe it. We call it Bush Alaska. There are no stores, there  is no Safeway, there is no Whole Foods, and there is no Stop-N-Go.  There is no place where you can go to get your meat, to get your fish.  In many areas there just isn't even a store, much less a store where  you can buy Hamburger Helper or whatever it is that you are going to  provide for your family. That model just does not exist in certain  parts of our State, so what the people who live there do is hunt. That  is how they provide for their families. They hunt and they fish and  they gather. That is subsistence. That subsistence is not only  nutritional sustenance, but for many, it is also their cultural  identity, whether you are the ``People of the Caribou,'' the ``People  of the Whale,'' or the ``Salmon People.'' The Native people who have  been part of this corner of the world for millennia relate to their  food source, making sure that not only their traditional diets can  continue, but how they are able to practice this subsistence lifestyle  matters greatly.   The regulation we are talking about today jeopardizes the ability of  many of those Alaskans to sustainably harvest wildlife, to hunt, to  feed themselves and their families. So when we think about the Alaska  model of management and how it works to achieve healthy populations,  this rule we are dealing with right now upsets that balance. It makes  significant changes to the types of activities allowed when hunting  bears without the support of the State or the traditional user groups.  In updating regulations governing public notice and participation, the  rule eliminates tools and obligations necessary for meaningful  engagement with affected Alaskans. It curtails the use of local  knowledge and insights for refuge management. It relies on an arbitrary  and unscientific interpretation of the agency's national biological  integrity, diversity, and environmental health policy.   The sustainability of Alaska's ecosystem depends on good, sound  management--expert management--of fish and game populations. But under  this regulation, well-established best practices employed by wildlife  management professionals are more vulnerable to what could be  unscientific or certainly bureaucratic second-guessing. That has  sweeping implications for wildlife populations and for those who depend  on them. If left in place, this rule will be applied to the entire  refuge system either unilaterally or through litigation, placing our  Nation's fishing and hunting traditions at even greater risk.   Those who actively participate in the sustainable management of our  Nation's fish and wildlife populations understand the dangers presented  by this rule, and they are overwhelmingly opposed to it. Senator  Sullivan mentioned a list of the organizations that have voiced their  support. I will not repeat many of the names, but it includes the  Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, which represents all 50  States. It includes subsistence users, guides, outfitters, tourists,  hunters, anglers throughout the country, and dozens of conservation  groups, from the Alaska Outdoor Council and the Alaska Professional  Hunters Association to Ducks Unlimited, Safari Club International, the  National Rifle Association, and the Boone and Crockett Club. When you  have a coalition that is this strong, that is this broad and yet united  against a Federal rule, you know something went terribly awry with the  regulation.    I would encourage the Senate to see through some of what I consider  to be misleading arguments that some of the outside groups are making  against us and to really see this rule for what it is--that this Fish  and Wildlife Service game management rule for Alaska refuges is the  very definition of Federal overreach. It defies the will of Alaskans,  while disregarding sound scientific game management principles. It will  result in less stable populations of fish and wildlife within our  State. It will harm our subsistence users who hunt, not for sport but  for their literal cultural sustenance, their nutritional sustenance,  and, again, so much of their identity.   I again want to thank those that have been leading on this issue.  This is a bad rule that deserves repeal. I would encourage all of my  colleagues to look carefully at this. Look carefully at this, not just  as a rule that is parochial and limited to just Alaska alone, but look  to it within the context of what this does and what it says when it  comes to States' rights and States' ability to manage fish and wildlife  within their own State borders.   I yield the floor.   