 I thank Congressman Veasey and Congresswoman  Plaskett for holding tonight's CBC Special Order hour.   With so much going on in our Nation right now, it is important that  all Americans take seriously our responsibility to be guardians of our  democracy. We owe it to those who came before us and those who will be  here long after us to keep this democracy and its values moving  forward, and reject the rhetoric and policies that take us backwards.   I was reminded of this just a week ago when over 3 million Americans  of all ages, races, and religions, marched for women's rights, justice,  and equal rights. Three million, a powerful resistance to concerning  policies that we are seeing come out of the White House.   Just last night I was with scores of activists and families at  Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, protesting President Trump's  executive action barring refugees from entering the United States.   I wish that things hadn't come to this. It is a tragedy that these  United States, the shining beacon of democracy around the world, the  land that welcomes the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses has  witnessed a President in his first week in office attempt to strip away  our values as an inclusive democracy with an unconstitutional executive  order and Muslim ban.   Our Constitution, our laws, our democracy is what we must hold dear  as Americans. We must be wholly intolerant of those who seek to pervert  our Constitution. We must not tread on our democratic values.   As part of tonight's conversation is protecting voter rights, I am  reminded that the past Presidential election brought with it evidence  of election hacking and cries of illegal voting.   For the first time in the history of this Nation, we are seeing a  President who is intolerably obsessed with his failure to receive the  popular vote.   Many of the families that I hear from find this obsession unbefitting  of a student council president in Kankakee, where I represent, let  alone the President of the United States.   Without evidence, President Trump continues to claim that 3 million  illegal votes in California and New York cost him the popular vote.  Three million people, the number by which Hillary Clinton won the  popular vote. I hardly find that to be a coincidence.   Mr. Speaker, the election is over. The bunting and ribbons have been  cleaned up. It is time to govern. A continued relitigation of the  election based on unfounded and divisive claims of further fraud  divides our Nation further.   