 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, these are not ordinary times. It is not  ordinary for a winning Presidential campaign to be under investigation  for collusion with a foreign adversary to influence our 2016 election  and undermine our democracy. It isn't ordinary for a President to fire  the man responsible for conducting this very investigation. It isn't  ordinary for a President whose campaign is under investigation for  having ties to Russia to hold an Oval Office meeting with that  country's Foreign Minister and only invite the Russian press. This  meeting came only a day after firing the person in charge of the  Russia-Trump investigation. Yet, here we are. The question is, What  should we do next?   The events of the past 48 hours have been shocking and concerning.  Firing FBI Director James Comey in this manner, under this pretext, and  at this time is a total disservice to the American people.   President Trump hopes the American people will believe he fired  Director Comey because of how he treated Hillary Clinton during the  Presidential campaign. President Trump hopes, as his Deputy Press  Secretary said on Tuesday night, that the American people think it is  ``time to move on.'' President Trump hopes his attempts to distract us  from the importance of getting to the bottom of the Russia-Trump matter  will succeed. President Trump's hopes are misplaced. If anything,  President Trump's firing of Director Comey has resulted in an increased  concern about the Trump team's connections to Russian interference with  our 2016 Presidential election.   The country is asking, Mr. President, what do you have to hide?   We are learning practically on an hourly basis about how the  President made this decision to fire Director Comey and why. This  information does not square with the official line coming from the  White House, which also changes.    Most recently, the Washington Post reported that Deputy Attorney  General Rod Rosenstein threatened to resign after the White House  misrepresented his role in the decision to fire Director Comey. CNN  reported that President Trump fired Director Comey because he would not  provide ``assurance of personal loyalty.'' Both CNN and the Wall Street  Journal reported that the decision to fire Director Comey came after  the FBI's investigation was accelerating. All of this information has  emerged in the last 48 hours or so.   This kind of Presidential interference, through the firing of the FBI  Director during an ongoing investigation, is unprecedented, suspicious,  and deeply concerning. These revelations and those that are sure to  come further argue in favor of appointing a special prosecutor to fully  investigate the Russia-Trump matter. A special prosecutor with full  autonomy can follow the evidence wherever it leads and prosecute as  appropriate.   I call upon Republicans of conscience to stand up and join the call  for a special prosecutor.   Over the past few days, a number of my Republican colleagues have  spoken out against the way the President had fired James Comey. In  particular, I would like to acknowledge Senators McCain, Sasse, Flake,  Burr, Kennedy, Boozman, and Corker for speaking out. I hope, as more  information about President Trump's decision to fire Director Comey  emerges, our Republican colleagues will join in the call for a special  prosecutor.   Leader McConnell argued yesterday that appointing a special  prosecutor would disrupt the ongoing work of the Senate committees that  are conducting their own investigations. I disagree. The Senate Select  Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Judiciary Committee have  important oversight responsibilities regarding the Russia-Trump matter,  but neither committee has the power to convene a grand jury or  prosecute any crimes that may have been committed. Therefore, I  reiterate the need for a special prosecutor with the mandate and  authority to follow the facts wherever they lead--free of political  considerations.   In the coming weeks, President Trump will nominate a new Director for  the FBI. This person must be above reproach and be someone whose  independent judgment can earn the country's confidence. I have been  disturbed by some of the names being floated as potential replacements,  names like Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani. We cannot allow President  Trump to appoint one of his buddies to oversee the Russia-Trump  investigation or to lead the FBI.   The investigation into the Russia-Trump matter cannot and should not  be a partisan issue. We should all care that a foreign government has  sought to interfere with our elections and with our democracy. This is  not just about the election. This is really about protecting our  democracy.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   