 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment that will help  ensure the strength of our nuclear deterrent by preventing further  reductions to our deployed ICBM fleet below 400 missiles.   At this point, our deployed fleet at 400 missiles is at the basic  level necessary to maintain a strong and effective nuclear deterrence.  Mr. Chair, our ICBMs are a critical leg of our triad as they provide  our commanders with a responsive, flexible, and survivable military  response ready 24/7, 365 days a year.   Our ICBM leg of the triad also adds significantly to our deterrence  capability by increasing the number of targets our adversaries must  hold at risk.   My amendment is a safeguard that prevents any unilateral disarmament  that would leave our Nation vulnerable to attack. My amendment does not  impact our compliance with the New START, and it does not change our  current alert level or require the deployment of any additional ICBMs  at this point.   The amendment simply reaffirms to our adversaries and our allies that  our nuclear deterrence will remain strong.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, there is nothing in my amendment that has any  negative impact on our submarine fleet. In fact, I support strongly, as  does the NDAA, the importance of the triad, as have administrations of  both parties over many years.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers), the distinguished chairman of the Strategic Forces  Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have left?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon), a retired brigadier general and the former  commander of Offutt Air Force Base.    Mr. Chairman, we have seen over the years many misguided  efforts to unilaterally cut our strategic forces and to do so in a way  that has been really based on a notion that somehow if we reduce the  level of weapons in our inventory, that our adversaries will do the  same. We know that is simply not the case.   This amendment is crucial to ensure that we maintain the kind of  deterrent that is necessary in a world in which we are facing  increasing threats.   Our ability to deter against the threats of our adversaries depends  in large part both upon their understanding of our will to use our  forces as well as their belief in our capability, and the last thing we  should be doing is reducing below a safe and secure number.   Mr. Chairman, in offering this amendment, my intention is very much  to say, look, our obligation as Members of the House of Representatives  is to provide for the common defense and to ensure that, while we are  overseeing activities by the executive branch, we are not allowing the  kind of irresponsible cuts that could put us at risk.   So I urge the adoption of my amendment, Mr. Chairman, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   