 Mr. President, my friend from South Carolina said the  proof is in the pudding. I would suggest the proof is in your paycheck.  That is what I suggest.   We had a chance yesterday with my amendment to absolutely guarantee  that my friends on the other side of the aisle believe what they are  saying; that people are going to get a minimum of $4,000 in increased  wages. I offered an amendment to simply say that in a couple years from  now--2 years from now, 2020, we can make it 2021 or 2025, just pick a  day when folks are going to get $4,000 in their wages, and we will put  that in an amendment and pass it.   The truth is, there is no guarantee in this bill. If my friends on  the other side of the aisle believed that there would be $4,000 more in  wages in middle-class families' pockets with this supply-side trickle- down economics tax cut, they would have voted for my amendment  yesterday, which simply says that if there is a $4,000 increase in  wages, the tax cut continues. If it doesn't, if they don't have $4,000  more in people's pockets, then the tax giveaway stops because all it  means is it is adding to the national debt.   I am all for anything that puts money in people's pockets. I have  sponsored and voted for tax cuts for small businesses, manufacturers,  farmers, and families over the years in public service and here in the  Senate, and I want to do that; close tax loopholes that are taking jobs  overseas, not increase new ones, which, by the way, this bill does, a  new $4 billion tax loophole for oil companies--not closing tax  loopholes. If folks really believe this, if they really believe the  numbers, let's lock it down. The proof is in your paycheck. That is  what families in Michigan are saying. They want to know it is in their  paycheck. They want to know it is a guarantee. You know what, they are  very skeptical. Because the truth is, in the past, supply-side  economics/trickle-down economics has not worked. You say that it is  going to trickle down. People in Michigan are still waiting. They are  still waiting to catch it. It is not trickling down. We do have  examples. What are the facts?    With the tax cut in 1986, 10 years after that, the wages of working  people in this country were flat. They did not go up. That is a fact.   With President Bill Clinton in his effort to balance the budget in  1997, I was pleased. I had only been in the House for 6 months and went  in and had the opportunity to balance the budget, which we did for the  first time in 30 years.   What happened during that process? Actually, taxes on wealthy people  were raised a little bit to give a middle-class tax cut and invest in  education, which I know our distinguished Presiding Officer cares  deeply about, and innovation. What happened? There were 22 million jobs  that were created.   Then we went into 2001, 2002 with President George W. Bush, and there  was a big tax cut in 2001, a supply-side/trickle-down tax cut. We were  told that it was going to put money in people's pockets. It didn't. It  created debt. In 2003, we had another supply-side tax cut that was  going to put money in people's pockets. It didn't. It created a huge  debt. We had wars that weren't paid for. Then it went into the biggest  recession that we have seen outside of the Great Depression with the  financial crisis, and 8 million people lost their jobs. People lost the  equity in their homes and their pension values. It was terrible.   President Obama came in in 2009 and had to try to begin to dig out of  the hole. That is a fact. He began to dig out of that hole and put  things back together for folks. It was a big hole, and a lot of  families are still feeling that hole. I know that is true in Michigan.   So part of me may feel a little skeptical when I am hearing: Have I  got a deal for you. Let's try supply-side economics one more time, and  this time it really is going to create jobs and really is going to put  money in your pockets.   There is no proof of that. There is no proof that this grows the  economy to be able to cover the costs of the tax giveaways whether you  look at supply-side economics, whether you look at new dynamic  scoring--the new ways of scoring on things--to make it look better.  That didn't even show up. What I  [[Page S7677]]  would say is that the proof is in your paychecks, for the people who  are watching.   There is a lot going back and forth, and it is very confusing because  we hear one thing from one side, and we hear the exact opposite from  the other. I understand how confusing this is, but I would just ask  this:   Why weren't my friends willing to support my amendment that would say  that if folks really get the $4,000 minimum amount being promised in  increased wages, then this goes on, and if they don't, then the tax  giveaway stops? Why didn't they support that?    Yes.    Absolutely. We asked that question, as you know, and he  indicated that that was not the case. I continue to hear it over and  over again. We have heard it from the President of the United States  and the Secretary of the Treasury. We have heard it from folks on the  floor. Just today, we have seen it in charts on the floor. That is  great. If that could really happen, I would support that. It has never  happened, and my colleagues will not support guaranteeing that it will  happen.   This is about putting up or shutting up, in my opinion. That is what  we would say in Michigan. It is about whether we are going to guarantee  folks that this time around, it is not just a sales job, that it is  actually going to end up in their pockets.   I see my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania, who offered this  amendment in committee. I was pleased to join him in committee, and he  knows, in Pennsylvania, like I do, that we have gone through some rough  and tumble times, and we still have folks who are working too hard at  not just one job but two jobs, trying to hold it together, having not  seen the pay raises they deserve and have worked for. They want to know  that this time around is not going to be voodoo economics and that it  is actually going to increase their paychecks.    Yes.    Right.    I hope you are a speed reader.    Before turning this to my friend and colleague from  Pennsylvania, I do want to mention just one thing that I understand is  in there. There may be things that I am supportive of in there. We  don't know. We are trying to figure it out.   One thing that I don't understand, with all of the talk about  supporting workers and middle-class workers, is that there is a  provision in the bill that reads ``prohibit cash or gift cards as  employee achievement awards.'' So if somebody works very hard and is  getting some kind of achievement award, does that mean he would not be  allowed to get a bonus? I mean, I don't know why in the world we would  be going after people's employee achievement awards. That doesn't sound  like help for the middle class to me.   I now yield to my friend from Pennsylvania and thank him for his  leadership.   