 Mr. President, over the past few years, the Affordable  Care Act has made tremendous strides in expanding healthcare coverage  for hard-working Americans and the families who need it. I thank my  colleague for his stories, and I would like to add some of my own.   While the law could certainly be improved, the way to do it is not by  passing TrumpCare, which even President Trump has admitted is a  ``mean'' bill. Unfortunately, Republican Senate leadership has  indicated whatever it is that the Republicans are crafting in secret,  behind closed doors, is going to be very similar to the version of  TrumpCare that has passed the House. That is simply bad news.   The version of TrumpCare that passed the House could cost 23 million  Americans, including 385,000 Illinoisans, to lose healthcare coverage.  It would make it more expensive for older Americans and working people,  especially those with preexisting conditions, to purchase insurance.   TrumpCare would cause their premiums and their out-of-pocket costs to  simply skyrocket. The premiums of the average Illinoisan would increase  by $700.   TrumpCare would also make critical services like maternity care for  new moms and mental health and substance abuse services significantly  more expensive, even though they are desperately needed. That is  extremely mean-spirited.   Making matters worse, it would also put veterans on the chopping  block. Specifically, TrumpCare would prohibit veterans who are eligible  for VA healthcare from receiving tax credits to help them afford  insurance in the individual marketplace. However, there is a big  difference between being eligible for VA healthcare and being enrolled  in VA. Oftentimes, that is not even a choice you can make.   According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, as many as  7 million of our veterans are eligible for VA care but are not  enrolled. Preventing them from receiving tax credits would amount to a  massive tax hike that would force them to pay thousands of dollars  extra each year. That is not just mean; it is unacceptable.   There has been ample reporting indicating that Republicans knew  exactly what they were doing. They could have included a fix to this  but purposefully did not because that would have made their bill  ineligible to be considered under the Senate's budget reconciliation  process, which requires only 51 votes. That is because to remedy this  huge flaw, the veterans tax credit language would need to be considered  in committees of jurisdiction. That would entail holding public  hearings and markups in committees, which would then reveal to the  American people what exactly is in the Republican bill.   Apparently, the cost of public scrutiny is too high for Senate  Republican leaders who are willing to raise taxes on veterans so they  can hide this bad bill from the American people. As a result, the  appalling flaws in their bill remain unfixed, and up to 7 million  veterans remain on the chopping block.   That is not the only way TrumpCare would harm veterans either. Its  massive cuts to Medicaid would have a direct impact on veterans, since  nearly 2 million veterans across our country, including 60,000 veterans  in my own home State of Illinois, rely on Medicaid for their healthcare  coverage. That is 1 in 10 veterans.   For nearly 1 million of these veterans, Medicaid is their only source  of coverage. Many of them are eligible for VA care only for the  injuries they sustained in the military but not for any of their other  health needs.   I shouldn't have to remind my colleagues that veterans are at a  higher risk for serious health issues because of the sacrifices they  made for our Nation. Yet, if TrumpCare becomes law, many of them will  lose the coverage they gained from Medicaid expansion under the ACA.   Right now, 13 Republican Senators are sitting behind closed doors in  some secret room on Capitol Hill, gambling with the lives of millions  of Americans and people who have honorably served their country. One of  those lives belongs to Robin Schmidt, a veteran from the North Side of  Chicago.   Robin served during Desert Storm in Army military intelligence. Robin  loved her job in the military because it had always been her dream to  serve her country. As a 13-year-old girl, Robin  [[Page S3631]]  stood at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, DC. She knew  that serving her country was her true calling. However, she was  eventually forced to end her military career because, in her words,  ``the Army refused to allow my husband to come back overseas to live  with me.''   When she was pregnant with her child, she was forced to leave the  military in order to return home to Arkansas to be with her husband to  raise their children. When she was stateside, the VA denied her  benefits because they were not service-connected, thus forcing her and  her husband to pay the costs of maternity care and childbirth out of  pocket.   She faced medical complications and developed endometriosis, a  preexisting condition, and had to have a Caesarean section during  delivery. After she delivered her baby, she ended up with $500,000 in  hospital debt.   This enormous debt followed Robin and her husband throughout their  marriage, and it eventually left them in divorce, medical bankruptcy,  and with all of the repercussions that come from extreme financial  hardship. She was also blocked from accessing affordable healthcare  coverage because she now had a preexisting condition and could not  afford good coverage on an $8.50-an-hour wage, so she went without  care.   Robin remained uninsured for a total of 22 years, until she remarried  and gained healthcare coverage under her husband's insurance. This was  especially devastating because in 2007, Robin was diagnosed with  cancer. Even though Robin was covered by her husband's insurance,  insurance companies were not required to cover chemotherapy in 2007,  and chemotherapy was too expensive for Robin and her family to pay for  out of pocket. Instead, she had to choose debilitating surgeries.   After her cancer diagnosis, Robin developed severe autoimmune  arthritis. Her autoimmune treatments started at $5,000 a month and soon  increased to $14,000 a month. Insurance companies wanted Robin to pay  for her medication upfront, with no guarantee of reimbursement.   As her medical costs grew and grew, Robin had to choose between her  medical care and her mortgage payment. After the Affordable Care Act  became law, insurance companies were mandated to cover Robin's  medications and treatments. They were no longer able to refuse her the  medications she needed. Her insurance premium prior to the Affordable  Care Act was $1,600 a month, which was more than her family paid for  their monthly mortgage and household bills. Now she pays just $300 a  month for her entire family. There was no more redtape, constant  stress, or fear that she might not be able to work--or worse, might not  be able to stay alive.   Unfortunately, the coverage, relief, and peace of mind the ACA  brought to Robin and her family is now under attack by congressional  Republicans. Robin is afraid that if TrumpCare becomes law, she will  once again become nothing more than an uninsurable preexisting  condition. She is afraid she would be considered a high-risk pool  patient who will be able to have insurance but will not be able to  actually afford any of her treatments. She is afraid that if  Republicans push through TrumpCare, she will not be able to walk, work,  and will have absolutely no quality of life.   Her dream was to serve her country in our Armed Forces. She took two  oaths to serve this country, and she kept those oaths--promises that  she would defend this great Nation.   Robin may not be in uniform anymore, but she certainly deserves that  we in Congress and here in the Senate defend her right to access  quality healthcare.   For Robin and for nearly 7 million veterans, middle-class families,  our seniors, and some of our most vulnerable Americans, I urge my  Republican counterparts to stop these secret negotiations, take repeal  off the table, and work with Democrats to improve our healthcare  system. Just like Robin, each of these Americans has a story, a family,  and a valued place in society. Robin's family and all Americans deserve  better than having their coverage stripped away from them behind closed  doors.   I yield back.   