 Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Cliff, for the  introduction and all of your comments, and particularly for your  leadership of Former Members of Congress during this year. You have  done a superlative job.   Well, as you know, Former Members of Congress works with all Members  of the congressional family. Our network also includes current Members  of Congress and their senior staff to promote a collaborative,  bipartisan, and effective approach to policymaking both at home and  abroad.   Our flagship programs for our colleagues who are still in office are  the Congressional Study Groups on Germany, Japan, and Europe. The  Congressional Study Groups are independent, bipartisan legislative  exchanges that strive to create better understanding and cooperation  between the United States and our most important strategic and economic  partners abroad.   Each study group has a membership roster of between 75 and 125  Members of Congress, and it is led by a bipartisan, bicameral pair of  co-chairs who are currently in Congress. Our model celebrates active  discussions among all participants, avoiding lengthy speeches or formal  presentations, in order to create an atmosphere that promotes personal  connections. We believe that the network of peers created via our  programs have acted to renew and expand areas of mutual cooperation,  especially in times of transition.   The Congressional Study Groups are not the only programs dedicated to  this mission, but they are unique in their year-round outreach to  Capitol Hill. Unlike other formats, we provide long-lasting staff  support and maintain a well-respected reputation as independent and  non-advocacy. As a result, our network attracts a large, diverse group  of legislators and policymakers who are committed to international  dialogue. What is most important for us is that they join the  discussion.   A few highlights from the 114th Congress:   We hosted 62 roundtables in Washington, D.C., which are the  foundation of our programming. Maintaining a year-round outreach  ensures that we are developing meaningful relationships instead of  having occasional encounters.   108 Members of the House of Representatives and the Senate and 204  senior congressional staffers participated in at least one of those  roundtables; most participated in multiple programs.   We also organized 12 study tours abroad for Members of Congress and  senior congressional staff because we know that immersive travel  experiences have immense value.   Each trip is an opportunity for mutual learning and sharing, as well  as forming bonds, with meeting partners and within the bipartisan  delegation itself, and we know that is important.   Already, our programming calendar in the 115th Congress has been  busy. In the first 6 months of 2017, we have organized three study  tours for Members of Congress and three study tours for senior  congressional staff.   Our roundtables on Capitol Hill also recently welcomed several senior  officials, including the German Federal Minister of Economic Affairs  and Energy, the chairman and CEO of Lufthansa, and a high-level  delegation from the Japanese Diet.   I would like to acknowledge the service of all of our co-chairs for  their hard work and dedication to these critical programs. Our co- chairs are true leaders, who not only serve in their role as official  Study Group leaders, but are also called on by various embassies and  outside organizations to speak on panels, attend roundtables, and meet  with countries who have visiting delegations.   The Congressional Study Group on Germany is led by Senator Jeanne  Shaheen, Representative Charlie Dent, and Representative Ted Deutch. We  thank the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, for his service as a Senate  co-chair until February 2017.   The Congressional Study Group on Japan is led by Senator Mazie K.  Hirono, Senator Lisa Murkowski, Representative Diana DeGette, and  Representative Billy Long.   The Congressional Study Group on Europe is led by Senator John  Boozman, Senator Chris Murphy, Representative Jeff Fortenberry, and  Representative Peter Welch. We very much appreciate all their efforts  in leadership.   I also want to mention that our work is not limited to the three main  Study Groups on Germany, Japan, and Europe. For example, over the past  6 months, we have put a lot of energy into bringing Korea-focused  programming to Capitol Hill. I don't have to tell you how important our  relationship with South Korea is, and the many security and trade  issues that shape this part of the world.   We, therefore, in addition to our ongoing focus on China, have  commenced programming on Korea. We are very fortunate to have former  Member Jay Kim chair this effort in Korea itself, and his leadership  already has resulted in a number of incredibly informative Capitol Hill  programs involving former and current Members.   The work of the Congressional Study Groups is complemented by our  Diplomatic Advisory Council. Initially focused on European nations, the  Diplomatic Advisory Council is now comprised of approximately 30  ambassadors from four continents who advise and participate in our  programming. Their interest and commitment to multilateral dialogues is  a very valuable addition to the Congressional Study Groups and provides  a valuable outreach beyond our three Study Groups.   At the beginning of the 114th Congress, we also formed the  Congressional Staff Advisory Council. As former Members of Congress, we  know the value of good staff. I always say my rock and my staff, they  support me. The Staff Advisory Council formally recognizes the mutually  beneficial relationships we have in offices across Capitol Hill. We are  as grateful for the staff who participate in and support our group  programming as we are for the Members of Congress.   Finally, I would like to add a thanks to those individuals,  organizations, and corporations whose patronage makes our work  possible. In particular, I would like to recognize Ambassador Jim  Zumwalt and Ms. Junko Chano of Sasakawa Peace Foundation USA, Dr. Karen  Donfried and Reta Jo Lewis of The German Marshall Fund of the United  States, and Ms. Paige Cottingham-Streater of the Japanese-U.S.  Friendship Committee for their tremendous support as institutional  funders of the Congressional Study Groups in 2017.   Companies that belong to the 2017 Business Advisory Councils are:  Allianz, All Nippon Airways, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, BASF, B.  Braun Medical, Central Japan Railway Company, Cheniere Energy, Daimler,  Deutsche Telekom, DHL, Evonik Corporation, Fresenius Medical Care North  America, Fresenius SE, Hitachi, Honda, Lockheed Martin, Lufthansa  German Airlines, Marubeni America Corporation, Mitsubishi Corporation  (Americas), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries America, Mitsui, Nissan,  Panasonic, RatnerPrestia, the Representative of German Industry and  Trade, Sojitz, Toyota Motor North America, UPS, and Volkswagen of  America.   Because of their financial support, our activities not only help to  build vital bilateral relationships between legislatures, but also  build bipartisan relationships within our own Congress. Mutual  understanding and shared experiences among legislators are crucial, as  you know, to solving pressing problems, whether at home or abroad.   As former Members of Congress, we are proud to bring the important  services provided by the Congressional Study Groups to our colleagues  who are still in office, and are proud to play an active role in our  continued international outreach.   So I want to thank you, Cliff. I want to thank all of the Members who  are here. Continuing these very important programs is important, and we  thank you for that.   