 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, when he was running for President, Donald  Trump laid out a pretty clear vision of how he would deal with Wall  Street. He said: ``Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us.''  He claimed he wasn't ``going to let Wall Street get away with murder,''  and he called out Goldman Sachs as the prime example of a big bank that  has too much influence over the political process. That was really  powerful stuff.   When Candidate Trump became President Trump, he seemed to forget  every scrap of his tough-on-Wall Street talk. Within weeks of taking  office, he turned over his administration's economic agenda to none  other than Goldman Sachs. His senior strategist, Steve Bannon, spent  half a decade at Goldman Sachs as an investment banker. His National  Economic Council Director, Gary Cohn, came directly from Goldman Sachs,  where he spent 25 years and rose to become President of the bank. His  Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin, spent 17 years at Goldman  Sachs before leaving to start his own hedge fund, which brings us to  Jay Clayton, President Trump's nominee to run the Securities and  Exchange Commission. To be fair, Mr. Clayton never worked at Goldman  Sachs, he just worked for Goldman Sachs, taking their money and  representing them for years as a lawyer at a major New York City law  firm.   So here we are, just over 8 years after Wall Street triggered a  financial crisis and brought the economy to its knees, and President  Trump has put the Goldman Sachs gang in charge of holding Wall Street  accountable. Trump's betrayal of his campaign promises on Wall Street  is shameful, but it is also dangerous, especially when it comes to  picking the person to lead the SEC. The SEC is supposed to be the cop  on the beat for Wall Street. That is why Congress created it in the  1930s, after fraud and other misconduct on Wall Street led to an  enormous stock market crash and the Great Depression. Congress gave the  SEC the authority to oversee financial markets and to hold companies  and individuals accountable when they defrauded investors.   When the SEC doesn't do its job, the consequences can be devastating.  Look at what happened the last time the SEC was under Republican  control in the years leading up to the 2008 crisis. The SEC was asleep  at the switch. While Wall Street flooded the market with dangerous  securities and lied to investors, the SEC heard nothing, saw nothing,  stopped nothing. The Republican-led SEC did nothing. When the whole  market blew up, it was ordinary  [[Page S2666]]  investors and working families who got asked to bail out Wall Street.   So what kind of SEC Chairman would Mr. Clayton be? Let's start by  looking at how he would lead the SEC's enforcement efforts against Wall  Street, how he would be as a cop on the beat. Under ethics rules, for  the first half of his term, Mr. Clayton cannot participate in any  enforcement action that involves one of his former clients. That means  he cannot take part in any case against Goldman Sachs. OK. But there is  more. Goldman Sachs is just one of his former big bank clients. Mr.  Clayton also can't take action against Deutsche Bank or against UBS or  against Barclays. These are some of Wall Street's biggest and most  egregious repeat offenders, and Mr. Clayton would be barred from  enforcing the law against them.   That is not all. Ethics rules also prevent Mr. Clayton from  participating in any enforcement case against a party that is  represented by his former law firm, Sullivan and Cromwell. Sullivan and  Cromwell is a premier Wall Street firm, with a long client list that  includes big banks like JPMorgan Chase and the credit rating agency  Moody's. That means there will likely be even more cases against top  Wall Street firms that Mr. Clayton can't work on.   Here is why that matters so much. For most enforcement actions, it  takes a majority vote of the five SEC Commissioners. In other words, it  takes three people to advance an enforcement action. In a number of  recent cases, the two Democrats have voted for stronger enforcement and  the two Republicans have voted against it. If the Chairman can't vote-- and Mr. Clayton can't vote if some of the biggest and most disreputable  banks are involved--then the Commission is likely to come up short of  the necessary three votes. You know what that means. It means the banks  walk free. Confirming Mr. Clayton to run the SEC will almost certainly  result in weaker enforcement against the major players on Wall Street.   Mr. Clayton is also likely to pursue a Wall Street-friendly agenda  when it comes to the SEC's rulemaking responsibilities. When he  testified before me and before other members of the Banking Committee,  Mr. Clayton refused to commit to completing the rules that Congress  asked the SEC to write all the way back in 2010 as part of its  postcrisis financial reforms. Mr. Clayton even refused to commit to  implementing and enforcing some of the postcrisis rules that the SEC  has already finalized and put in place.   I don't have any faith that Mr. Clayton will be the kind of tough,  independent leader we need at the SEC. His nomination is just one more  broken promise, one more time that Donald Trump has put Wall Street  ahead of the interests of the American people. The last time a  Republican President led us down this path, it resulted in the worst  financial crash of our lifetime. We can't go down that path again.   I will be voting against Mr. Clayton's nomination, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   