 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague Mr. Rokita for  yielding time and for handling this on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 57. For years, the  Federal Government operated under the flawed idea that Washington knows  best when it comes to education. Policies put in place in recent  decades vastly expanded the Federal footprint in the K-12 schools and  prevented State and local education leaders from delivering the high- quality education all children deserve.   Something needed to change. Yet, under the Obama administration, the  problem only got worse. For years, the last administration used  regulations, waivers, and pet projects to unilaterally exert its  control over education. Its heavy-handed, one-size-fits-all policies  only increased the Federal role in America's classrooms, moving K-12  education in the wrong direction. That is why Republicans and Democrats  came together to pass the Every Student Succeeds Act.   Enacted just over a year ago, the law was built on three important  principles: empowering parents, reducing the Federal role, and  restoring local control. It sent a clear message that the American  people were done with the top-down approach to education.   Unfortunately, the previous administration didn't get the message.  The Department of Education continued using rules and regulations to  push its failed education agenda--the same agenda Congress rejected  with overwhelming bipartisan support. We are here today to put a stop  to two of those rules.   The resolution under consideration, H.J. Res. 57, will roll back a  regulation implementing accountability provisions in the Every Student  Succeeds Act. The law empowers States to develop ways to hold schools  accountable to the students and parents they serve, and ensure taxpayer  dollars are being spent responsibly. The Department's accountability  rule, however, does the exact opposite. Not only does it impose  prescriptive accountability requirements on State education leaders,  but it also violates specific prohibitions the law places on the  Secretary of Education's authority.   We also considered, a few moments ago, H.J. Res. 58, which will block  implementation of a regulation that significantly expands the Federal  Government's involvement in teacher preparation.   Yet, another example of Obama overreach, the teacher preparation rule  essentially creates a Federal system for evaluating teacher  performance. It would be virtually impossible to implement and could  lead to fewer teachers serving low-income students.   Together, these two resolutions of disapproval will move us towards  limiting the Federal role in education and protect the local control  promised with recent education reforms.   I want to thank Representatives Rokita and Guthrie for their work to  fight against the flawed policies of the past and for leading the way  in delivering a more positive, more limited, and more responsible  Federal role in education.   I urge my colleagues to support both resolutions.   