 Mr. Chairman, today we consider the Make America Secure  Appropriations Act which includes the Defense Appropriations bill for  fiscal year 2018. I ask all Members for their support of this very  important legislation.   Congress' number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of  this Nation. It is this bill that fulfills that most fundamental  constitutional duty. This is urgent because the world is more dangerous  and unstable than any time in recent history.   North Korea is increasing the frequency of their missile tests,  threatening American soil and our allies. On the Fourth of July, they  launched an intercontinental ballistic missile.   Russia continues to create instability in Ukraine, the Baltics, and  the Balkans. They recklessly support and protect President Assad, the  tyrant who has murdered thousands of Syrian men, women, and children.  These actions hinder our fight against ISIS.   China is militarizing the South China Sea and modernizing their  military at an alarming pace. Just this week, Chinese fighter jets flew  close to a U.S. reconnaissance aircraft in an aggressive and dangerous  manner.   Iran is increasing its influence in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen, and they  remain hostile. Just yesterday, an Iranian vessel pursued a U.S. Navy  ship at a high speed in the Persian Gulf, forcing our ship to fire  warning shots to halt the aggression.   Meanwhile, ISIS and al-Qaida terrorists continue to spread their  perverted version of Islam across Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle  East.   All of our adversaries are acting in an aggressive and emboldened  manner. We must ensure that the U.S. military is prepared to confront  anyone who threatens us. This can only be done by reversing the years  of budget instability, sequestration, and continuous cuts.   Since becoming chair, I have made it my priority to listen first and  foremost to our defense and intelligence experts, and this bill before  you reflects their expert advice. This bill provides Secretary of  Defense Mattis the resources he needs to rebuild our military and form  a new national defense strategy.   It has been an honor to work with my ranking member, Mr. Visclosky,  who has played a valuable role in this process. I want to thank Mr.  Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, and all the members of the Defense  Subcommittee for their involvement and their contributions.   I would also like to thank the staff of the Defense Subcommittee:  Jennifer Miller, Sherry Young, Walter Hearne, Brooke Boyer, B.G.  Wright, Adrienne Ramsay, Allison Deters, Cornell Teaugue, Collin Lee,  and Matt Bower; as well as Rebecca Leggieri, Jennifer Chartrand, and  Chris Bigelow on the minority staff.   From the personal staff, I thank Johnnie Kaberle, Jason Schenck, Joe  DeVooght, and Adam Kahnke.   In closing, I must remind the House of Joint Chief of Staff Chairman  Dunford's words when he told us that ``without sustained, sufficient,  and predictable funding, I assess that within 5 years we will lose our  ability to project power; the basis of how we defend the homeland,  advance U.S. interests, and meet our alliance commitments.''   To ensure this doesn't happen, the bill includes $28.6 billion above  the President's request for a National Defense Restoration Fund. We  must keep this funding intact.   We need to heed Secretary Mattis' warning and give our military what  it needs--no less. This is not a partisan issue. Again, I ask all my  colleagues for their support.   