 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, which not only  seeks to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but  reform entitlements, redistribute wealth, and strip coverage from  millions of people.   The American Health Care Act would reduce coverage for Americans  while increasing out-of-pocket costs for the sickest and the elderly.  Health plans would fail to meet the needs of Americans with chronic or  complex conditions. The bill also eliminates protections against annual  and lifetime caps. With a last-minute manager's amendment to repeal the  Essential Health Benefits, the ten coverage rules set up by the  Affordable Care Act, this ruthless bill has gotten even worse.   The Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover ten ``Essential  Health Benefits'' from maternity care, mental health, and prescription  drugs, to hospitalization and outpatient care. If this is repealed,  comprehensive health insurance will become virtually unavailable in the  individual market. This means that individuals with pre-existing  conditions would not be protected. Younger and healthier people  benefit, older and sicker people suffer.   While the new additions to this measure are startling, the original  bill is just as shocking. Slashing and capping the Medicaid program  will ration care and give tax breaks to the wealthy. This bill cuts  $880 million from Medicaid and then caps the program so that it cannot  expand and contract as needed. By the end of 2019, the Medicaid  expansion program will freeze and this bill will shift costs to states  for the elderly, children, individuals with disabilities, and low- income adults.   This bill will kick 24 million people off their health insurance by  2026, and 7 million people will lose their employer-based coverage.  While the Affordable Care Act subsidies were based on income and when  premiums rose, the federal subsidy also rose to pay for premium costs,  the American Health Care Act replaces those subsidies with a fixed  credit amount. The age-based tax credits are a refundable tax credits  that is larger for older individuals, however, it allows insurers to  charge older enrollees five times more than a younger enrollee.   Mr. Speaker, the public has spoken about this so-called  ``replacement'' bill. People will live or die as a result of this  legislation. This bill will force Americans to pay more for their  premiums, more for their care, more on out-of-pocket expenses and  deductibles; all the while giving tax breaks directly to the wealthy.  The Republican leadership has rushed this bill to the floor without any  consideration and I urge you all to consider its harmful effects. Your  constituents are asking you to work with us to repair the Affordable  Care Act. Work with us.   