 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause (2)(a)(1) of rule IX, I  rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges  of the House.  [[Page H1572]]    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the form of the resolution  appear in the Record at this point.    I do, Mr. Speaker.    I do, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, under clause 1 of rule IX, questions of the  privilege of the House are ``those affecting the rights of the House  collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its  proceedings.''   I believe the dignity and the integrity of the House are put at risk  when this body refuses to exercise its statutory authority and  constitutional obligation to operate as a check on the executive  branch.   Under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, three congressional  committees have jurisdiction to request tax returns: House Ways and  Means, Senate Finance, and the Joint Committee on Taxation.   This authority was placed in the Tax Code by Congress in 1924 to  allow for full investigations of several scandals in the Harding  administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Section 6103  was the subject of considerable debate in this Chamber, but,  ultimately, Congress passed it in order to provide an important  investigatory check on the executive branch.   In 1974, section 6103 authority was used by the members of the Joint  Committee on Taxation to publish a staff report on President Nixon's  tax returns revealing that he owed nearly a half a million dollars in  back taxes. Today, I worry that we are rapidly approaching a scandal of  a similar magnitude to these previous events.   Since we voted on a similar resolution last week, the Attorney  General and other senior administration officials have admitted that  they met with Russian officials during the campaign and the transition  period. This comes after the campaign and unequivocally last year  saying that there was ``no communications between the campaign and any  foreign entity during the campaign.''    Mr. Speaker, I understand, and I am working to establish  that case.    Further reports about the President's potential conflicts  of interest suggest that the House should exercise its oversight  authority immediately, including massive foreign payments to the  President's hotels and prior business deals with foreign oligarchs  around the world. The only way to determine whether these dealings  represent----    Mr. Speaker, I am attempting to set forward the question  of the privileges of the House on a privileged resolution, and this is  a part of it.   I believe the only way to determine whether these dealings represent  violations of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution is by fully  examining the President's tax records.   Contrary to the Chair's ruling last Monday, there is no direct  precedent in section 706 of the House Practice manual for the situation  because the current situation is unprecedented. The President's  business empire makes him more susceptible to conflicts of interest  than any President in our history.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   