 Mr. Speaker, I want to  thank my colleague, Mr. Garamendi, and certainly thank Mr. Tonko for  their incredible statements about what is really at risk and why it is  at risk.   I think it is very important for viewers, and our constituents, and  families, to really understand that this is not a healthcare debate.  This is not a healthcare reform measure.   Nothing that has occurred and passed in the House or in the Senate  has involved serious discussion or debate of any kind of healthcare  reform because what this really is, as you stated, is a tax break, not  just for the wealthiest of Americans, but for two critical  corporations, insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies, who, I  assure you, do not need additional tax breaks, who are still making  record profits. And when we look at the pharmaceutical industry, in  particular, it has been one of the most profitable industries in  America's history.   So this is an effort to provide more benefits to the three groups who  do not need these benefits; and the way in which they pay for it is to  remove healthcare benefits from millions of Americans. And as the  gentleman pointed out, 32 million Americans are at risk of losing their  healthcare, and many more who are in jeopardy of having to pay far more  for the benefits that are necessary and lifesaving.   I really wanted to weigh in because States like mine, rural,  frontier, very poor States, in fact, we have the most to lose of any  State in the Nation if this draconian measure, which is one step  closer, is passed in the Senate after today's procedural vote.   It means $11.4 billion out of our economy. It is a devastating blow  to one of the poorest States in the Nation, who has one of the highest  percentages of individuals in Medicaid to the expansion.   For the first time in my lifetime, I am seeing New Mexicans in a  position to have access to care, the right care at the right time at  the right place. If this country is going to get healthcare right, then  we have got to make sure that people have access so we are not the  sickest population in one of the wealthiest countries in the world.   The only way that you do that is providing access. We provide access  in the Affordable Care Act by giving people subsidies and asking  insurance companies to treat their beneficiaries and enrollees fairly,  right? Subsidies to afford those premiums, by making sure that they  have to cover preexisting conditions, by making sure that they are not  making women and other populations pay more for their care.   This is a Congress that has an obligation to address the things that  both Republicans in Congress and pharmaceutical companies and insurance  companies have done to us, not for us. Premiums are still too often too  high; copays still too often too high; and deductibles, still too high.   But is that the fault of the Democrats or an administration that  worked to make sure that insurance companies got payments to deal with  the rising costs of folks with serious catastrophic illnesses and  chronic disease? No, it is Republicans who refuse to continue to fund  those risk corridors and those cost-sharing mechanisms.   Did we do anything in this Congress to require pharmaceutical  companies who sell the very same drugs for 10 cents on a dollar to  nations around the world, to make sure that you got a fair drug price,  after your tax dollars helped those same pharmaceutical companies do  the research required? And then we give them patent protections to make  the most possible money, including now protections on generic brand  drugs?   No, we did nothing to hold that industry accountable, which would  mean lower costs for consumers.   But what I know happens for sure with this bill is, not only do they  rip the rug out from under any of those protections by hardworking New  Mexicans and hardworking Americans who deserve the protection and the  knowledge that their healthcare will be there for them tomorrow, we  also close every rural community health center, every rural hospital at  risk in the country, which is why no hospitals, no doctors, no  insurance companies, no pharmaceutical companies--because who are they  going to sell these proceeds to--are supporting this bill.   And the Senate is ignoring every Republican Governor whose State took  up Medicaid, who is saying this is a disaster. They want something  else.   Yet this is the path we are under because it would be more important  to give tax breaks than to do this--to protect Mr. Templeton in my  State, who was diagnosed with prostate cancer in December 2016. He  began treatments in January 2017.   He explained in an email that, without the ACA, he is not able to  afford any of his treatments. He said: ``Am I being sentenced to death  by Congress? How many more U.S. citizens are out there like me?''   The answer to Mr. Templeton's question is there are at least 32  million.   As I close with what I think is an outrageous effort by Republicans  in the House and the Senate, and by that procedural vote in the Senate,  is at the same time they are looking at ripping healthcare away from  millions of Americans, they are willing to put $1.6 billion into a wall  that they promised that Americans would not pay for.   Here is an idea. You have got $1.6 billion to invest; invest that to  protect folks with their costs under the ACA. Give more subsidies.   Let's deal with Medicaid fairly. Let's make sure that we drop  prescription drug costs. Let's lower copays. Let's invest in rural  community health centers more. Let's have a targeted effort to deal, as  you said, with opioid and substance abuse problems that were created by  pharmaceutical companies. Let's do that.   If you really care, this is money that would hire more nurses. This  is money that would hire thousands more teachers. This is money that  would put thousands of New Mexicans and Americans back to work in  better, safer, more productive infrastructure for our futures--our very  future, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Speaker, at stake by the wrong path and the  draconian efforts today in the Senate.   I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to highlight how terrible  these efforts are and how important it is for us to encourage our  supporters to fight for fairness and justice in this country.    