 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Connolly and, of  course, the chair of our committee for his fine work and our ranking  member.   Mr. Speaker, as we have heard already, human trafficking is a global  crisis of epic proportions. An estimated 12 to 20 million men and women  around the world are being subjected to slavery of some sort. In fact,  it is the number two criminal enterprise on Earth.   I have seen the effects of this human trafficking up close. Mr.  Speaker, I want to talk about a couple visits I made.   When I went to Peru, I went to a couple shelters there, which were  now the homes of young girls who had been trafficked. The first one I  went to, there were girls in their mid-teens who had been raised in  families that were very, very poor. Their families were approached by  these traffickers, who told them they would take their children, take  their daughters to ``the promised land.'' They were going to take them  to an area in Peru where they would be educated, well fed, and well  nourished.   What they really ended up doing was taking these young girls and  basically enslaving them. They found themselves in people's homes where  they would be locked up, literally, for years. From the time the Sun  came up to the time the Sun went down, these children told their  stories of having to, for example, peel potatoes, peel potatoes day and  night. No education, no mingling with their peers, just deprived of the  joy of childhood.   At another shelter we went to, we visited young girls, again, who had  been saved from their slavery. They had been kidnapped off the  streets--they were now teenagers--when they were 9 and 10 and 11. I  mean, it was just hard for me to hear these stories. I am sure it will  be hard for you to hear these stories. When they were preteens, they  were kidnapped off the streets. Some of them were locked in trunks.  They were beaten. They were forced in submission to become sex slaves  to miners. Again, children deprived of their education, deprived of  their innocence.   I am not only haunted when I think back on them, I am haunted because  I remember looking in their eyes--looking in their eyes--and saying to  myself: How could this happen? How in our civilization do we let this  happen to innocent children?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, when I returned home to the  United States, I heard a story from a young woman named Shandra, who  had a work visa to come over here from Indonesia to work in a hotel. On  her way over, she was kidnapped by traffickers and forced into  commercial sex slavery for 2 to 3 years on the I-95 corridor. The way  she escaped was through a bathroom window.   I thank Mr. Royce for letting me have an opportunity to join him in  this legislation, which is going to target these sex and labor  traffickers, give a powerful tool to stop what we call modern-day  slavery. I am very proud to support the TARGET Act.   