 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to  encourage opposition to the nomination of Jeff Sessions to the Attorney  General's Office by this President-elect.   We have been asked and we are constantly asked: Are you saying he is  a racist? He defined himself. He defined himself long ago when he was  denied a Federal judgeship in 1986 after having been appointed by  Ronald Reagan. He was denied because his colleagues said they heard him  use the N-word.   Also, it was very well documented that after two of the members of  the KKK killed an African American man, he said: Oh, I thought the KKK  was okay until I learned they smoked marijuana. This is the same man  that said, again, that the NAACP and the SCLC were un-American, that  they were communist inspired, and it goes on and on and on. And it is  not whether or not we are calling him or we think of him as a racist;  he defined himself in that manner. He was denied the appointment to the  Federal judgeship, including by Republicans who voted against him.   So here we have a man who is going to be considered for the Attorney  General's Office where we have the Civil Rights Division. Should we be  worried about that? You bet your bottom dollar we should be worried  about that. Not only has he defined himself as a racist, but this is a  throwback. This is a man who is a setback. This is a man who does not  agree with his colleagues on criminal justice reform. This is a man who  loves mandatory minimum sentences. This is a man who does not want the  Justice Department to work with local police departments who are in  trouble, like what happened in Ferguson. This is a man who is against  voting rights. This is a man who has shown himself to be against women.  This is a man who does not support the LGBT community. Why would we  want him to have this very important, prestigious position as the  Attorney General overseeing civil rights? I don't think so.   I advise everybody who is listening and all of our colleagues to  support him not being appointed to that position and to get the word  over to the Senators that they should not support him, they should not  vote for him.   