 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for his  leadership on this and many other issues, really taking up this cause  and being a champion for the voiceless.   Last month I was in my district in Hawaii, and we traveled all across  the State, on every island, holding townhall meetings on a variety of  issues, but one of the meetings and forums that I participated in was  at the University of Hawaii at Hilo, and it was specifically around  this issue of human trafficking, of sex trafficking.   In this small community in Hawaii, many people had gathered--it was a  full room--trying to increase their own awareness and share more  information about the prevalence of this issue, not just in places in  other parts of the world, but in our communities right here at home. I  think that is something that surprises a lot of folks that I talk to,  is you can read about these human trafficking problems in cities in  Asia or other parts of the world, but very rarely do people think that  it is happening in their own backyard, in their own hometown, when the  reality is that this is a very real issue that exists in far too many  of our hometowns and our communities all across the country.   In my own home State of Hawaii, girls as young as 11 years old have  been recruited from schools, from beaches, from malls through an  intricate network of sex traffickers. In 2016, last year, 30 cases of  human trafficking were reported to the human trafficking hotline in  Hawaii. Almost all of them had to do with the exploitation of women for  sex and labor, and in 10 of these cases the individuals targeted were  minors.   Now, what we know and what is terribly disturbing is how  underreported this actually is, that these numbers are not at all  representative of the reality that exists in our community because  trafficking is more common than the number of cases reported.   Now, too often those who are victims of and those who are forced into  trafficking are charged as criminals and are forced to live with this  criminal record for the rest of their lives, never being able to escape  the shackles of nonviolent crimes committed in the course of their  being victims of human trafficking. This often inhibits them from  getting the care and assistance that they really need, to be free, to  be able to move on with their lives.   Our current criminal justice system is broken in so many ways, and in  so many ways perpetuates a cycle of crime, exploitation, and poverty,  stripping the most exploited and vulnerable individuals in our society  of a fair chance for a new life and healing from unimaginable abuses  perpetuated by truly evil criminals.   Now, at the local level in States like Hawaii, we have passed  legislation that bans sex trafficking and classifies it as a class A  felony, but that is not enough. That is why I am so proud to be a  cosponsor of the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act, because it creates  this promise of freedom for those survivors from the shackles of their  past. It establishes a process to vacate convictions and expunge  arrests for those charged with criminal offenses related to human  trafficking, finally putting survivors on a path to rehabilitation and  healing rather than a life of continued exploitation and abuse.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to get this  legislation passed and actually enact this change so it helps those in  our communities who need it the most.   