 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his extraordinary leadership on the committee, as well as  the bipartisan nature of this legislation that Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel  are bringing to the floor. I associate myself with the remarks of the  distinguished former chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee,  Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen.   Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan resolution reassures our friends, it  rebuffs our foes, and it reminds the world that America's commitment to  NATO's common defense pledge is ironclad.   When President Truman signed the NATO Treaty nearly 70 years ago, he  called the alliance, ``a long step toward permanent peace in the whole  world.''   NATO has guaranteed the security of the American people and our  allies for decades. Now some people don't remember what those decades  were like, fighting the threat of communism. Article 5, the collective  defense provision, is the core of that security guarantee.   Article 5, as the gentlewoman just mentioned, was invoked only once:  when America's allies joined in the fight against al-Qaida after the  September 11 terrorist attacks on our country.   I, like many of my colleagues, have traveled to Afghanistan, Iraq,  and other places and seen that our NATO partners have shed blood in the  name of article 5 in our common fight against terrorism.   Our commitment to article 5 is a commitment to brave men and women  across the world who risk and give their lives for the NATO alliance.  Previous administrations, both Democratic and Republican, have strongly  and unambiguously stood by NATO and article 5.   I was very sad, I will be very honest with you, my colleagues, when  meeting with NATO leaders at the alliance's headquarters in Brussels, a  building dedicated to the victims of the 9/11 attacks, President Trump  refused to clearly and unequivocally reassure our NATO partners that he  would honor article 5.   We in this Congress of the United States, acting in a bipartisan way,  want to remove all doubt that the U.S. commitment to the principles of  a mutual defense embodied by NATO are ironclad. I keep using that word.  Every day, Putin searches for cracks in our NATO alliance. We must  convey to him that this alliance is ironclad.   And now, just on another related subject, it is about our national  security. While we are glad to be passing this resolution affirming  America's commitment to article 5, the bipartisan bill sanctioning  Russia languishes in the House. While the White House caters to Putin,  Congress must hold Russia accountable for its actions by passing the  Iran-Russia sanctions bill. It passed the Senate 98-2--98-2--strong  bipartisan support for a bill that contained the Iran and Russia  sanctions.   We can't go home for the Fourth of July without passing that  legislation. It is my understanding it was just a blue slip problem  that could be easily resolved. That is how it was characterized when  the President of Ukraine said to us that they really need the Russian  sanctions enforced and strengthened.   Let us have the courage to stand up to those who menace the free  world and stand by our partners in support of a peaceful, democratic,  and free future for all.   What we are doing today is very important. It is not just about a  bill. It is not just about an agreement. It is about values. It is  about security as a value, something we take an oath to protect and  defend. This NATO agreement helps us do that, but we must also do what  flows from it and say to the Russians, who are the point of NATO, you  are going to have sanctions because of your aggression in Eastern  Europe, and at the same time send that message to the Iranians.  [[Page H5213]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge a very strong unanimous vote for this. This is  something so bipartisan, so wonderful. It is a good day. It is a good  bill. It gives us all hope.   I urge our colleagues to vote ``aye'' and call upon the Speaker to  bring the other bill to the floor. I hope our distinguished chair and  ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee will be able to be part  of bringing it to the floor very soon.   