 Mr. President, the resolution we are debating today  demonstrates the lengths Donald Trump and the Republican Party will go  to protect the special interests that contribute billions of dollars to  their political campaigns.   Earlier this year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB,  issued a rule to prevent certain financial service companies from  forcing consumers to sign predispute arbitration clauses that block  class action lawsuits. This might sound like a boring, technical  change, but it is not. At stake is nothing less than the right of  millions of Americans to be heard in a court of law.   Contracts mandating forced arbitration can be found in virtually  every contract someone signs these days. Every time you agree to an  update to the iTunes terms of service, purchase a Fitbit, or open a  credit card, you are signing away your right to join together with  others to sue in a court of law if something goes wrong.   In 2010, President Obama and Democrats in Congress created the CFPB  to protect the American people from predatory business practices by  consumer finance companies. And while the  [[Page S6744]]  CFPB can't do anything about the iTunes terms or service, it can  protect you, through the rule we are debating today, from companies  that sell products and services related to consumer credit, automobile  leasing, debt management, credit scores, payment processing, check  cashing, and debt collection--industries that serve some of our most  vulnerable communities.   The resolution we are debating today would eliminate these  protections and expose millions to the tyranny of forced  arbitration. This is particularly relevant in light of two major news  stories this year in which the negligence, fraud, and malfeasance of  major financial institutions harmed consumers across the country. This  rule, for example, would protect the 805 Hawaii residents who had fake  bank accounts opened in their names by Wells Fargo. These people  suffered real and material harm, but the fine print in their agreements  explicitly prevents them from banding together in a class action  lawsuit. This rule would prevent banks like Wells Fargo from doing this  now and in the future.    In the wake of the massive Equifax data breach, the company initially  forced consumers who registered for credit monitoring to forgo their  right to join a class action and instead force them into private  arbitration. These are high-profile examples of the problem but aren't  the only ones. Hundreds of Hawaii residents have filed complaints with  the CFPB about problems with credit reporting agencies and credit  report errors that can increase the cost of a loan or result in the  denial of credit.   Under a recent class action settlement, Hawaii customers falsely  matched with someone on the terrorist watch list can receive over  $7,000 from TransUnion. Is it really any wonder why TransUnion and  other credit bureaus have fought so hard to block class action lawsuits  with forced arbitration?   This rule would also protect consumers from predatory payday lenders  that are extorting over $3 million in fees a year from Hawaii consumers  alone. Over 98 percent of storefront payday lenders use forced  arbitration clauses in their contracts.   Hawaii is home to more than tens of thousands of Active-Duty  servicemembers, reservists, and veterans. This rule protects them too.  In 2016, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency fined Wells  Fargo millions of dollars after they illegally foreclosed on homes or  repossessed cars in violation of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  Without the CFPB rules, similarly affected servicemembers would be  restricted from banding together to sue. It is why the American Legion,  in announcing their support for the CFPB's rule and opposition to this  resolution, said it would be ``extremely unfair to bar servicemembers,  veterans, and other consumers from joining together to enforce  statutory and constitutional protections in court.'' It isn't difficult  to understand why. Big banks and megacorporations want to force their  customers to adjudicate disputes through arbitration.   According to the CFPB, companies win claims in arbitration 91 percent  of the time. The deck is stacked against the consumer in these forced  arbitration situations, and after these judgments, consumers were  forced to pay an average of over $7,000 to companies to even engage in  the proceedings. Talk about a major imbalance of power.   Director Cordray and the entire CFPB spent years developing this  essential consumer protection regulation, but I am not at all surprised  that the President and his allies in Congress desperately want to  eliminate this consumer protection rule. I urge my colleagues to vote  no on this resolution.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.   