 Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I  been present, I would have voted ``nay'' on rollcall No. 325.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  1135, to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities  Historic Preservation program.   I am so grateful to Congressman Clyburn for his leadership over the  years to strengthen and protect the Historic Preservation program on  behalf of our Nation's HBCUs. He has been a tireless advocate on behalf  of historic preservation of HBCUs, and I am honored today to join him  in this effort. Mr. Clyburn has worked tirelessly during his time in  Congress to preserve and protect our Nation's historic treasures and  the legacies of those who came before us.   Many of us have HBCUs in our district. They represent a steep history  of student activism in the civil rights movement. Many of the  buildings, sites, and historic records that exist on these campuses  have existed for over a century and a half. In 1998, as a matter of  fact, the GAO found that there were 712 historic buildings and sites on  HBCU campuses. If we do not do more to protect and preserve the  vestiges that remain, we will surely lose this important history.   Tuskegee University is one university in my home State of Alabama,  where Booker T. Washington, George Washington Carver, and the Tuskegee  Airmen all made their place in our Nation's history.   Stillman College; Selma University; Concordia College; Miles College;  [[Page H5209]]  Talladega College; Alabama A&M University; and Alabama State  University, where my mother and father graduated, are Historically  Black Colleges in the State of Alabama.   At Talladega College, these funds were used to restore Foster Hall,  which was erected for girls and teachers in 1869, and is the oldest  dorm on that campus. This program has helped so many HBCUs in my State.  The buildings were nearly destroyed 5 years ago, but the funds from the  historic program were used to restore the buildings on Talladega's  campus.   When I think about my own district, the Seventh Congressional  District of Alabama, at Miles College in Birmingham, students were  leaders in the civil rights movement and led a selective buying  campaign at local department stores and major retailers in 1963.   Congress has recognized that we have a responsibility to be stewards  of these great national resources since we first enacted grants to  HBCUs for historic preservation in 1996. The program was then expanded  in 2003, thanks to Mr. Clyburn and others. Historical buildings and  sites at more than 60 HBCUs have benefited.   If we continue making investments in this program, we can meet the  dire historic preservation and restoration needs that remain at these  threatened sites. We must not only know our history, but we must also  protect our history.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to continue this important  work by voting for this bill today to reauthorize the HBCU Historic  Preservation program through 2024.   