 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong  opposition to President Trump's nomination of Rex Tillerson to be the  next Secretary of State. There are many, many reasons to oppose this  nomination, and my colleague from Washington has just listed several of  them. But the main reason for me is as simple as it is disturbing:  Tillerson's extensive and longstanding ties with Russia mean that the  United States of America simply cannot trust him to be a strong  advocate for the interests of our country.   Here is what has been publicly reported. Our intelligence agencies  have concluded that the Russian Government conducted a successful  series of cyber attacks on the United States designed to help Donald  Trump get elected President. Intelligence chiefs have briefed the  President on a dossier alleging that the Russian Government has  collected compromising information on him. And in response, the  President has attacked the intelligence community.    This week, he installed his political crony, Steve Bannon, a man with  ties to White nationalists, on the National Security Council while  marginalizing the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the  Director of National Intelligence.   Now, there is significant reason to believe that the President has  extensive financial relationships with Russia, but nobody actually  knows any of  [[Page S529]]  the details because he has refused to release his tax returns. And,  apparently, the President's own national security adviser is currently  under FBI investigation for his own interactions with the Russian  Government.   This is only the 12th day of the Trump Presidency, and this is what  is going on right now--12 days. I wish this weren't happening. I wish  things were normal, but this is not normal. We cannot simply ignore all  of this as we evaluate the President's nominees to critical foreign  policy and national security jobs.   I have heard some people say that Rex Tillerson doesn't know anything  about diplomacy or have any experience with foreign policy. I actually  think that is wrong.   For the last decade, Tillerson has served as the CEO of ExxonMobil, a  massive company that would have roughly the 42nd largest economy in the  entire world if it were its own country. As the leader of that giant  oil company, Tillerson was an expert at diplomacy; specifically, how to  advance the interests of his own fabulously wealthy oil company and  himself, no matter the consequences for American foreign policy toward  Russia.   Russia has vast oil resources, and Exxon is one of the world's  largest oil companies. Getting at that oil is a critical priority for  Exxon--such a high priority, in fact, that when it came time to pick a  new CEO, Exxon chose Tillerson, who had spent years managing the  company's Russia efforts. This isn't just a passing coincidence.  Tillerson has worked closely with Putin's senior lieutenants, and, in  2013, Tillerson received the highest honor that the Kremlin gives to  foreigners.   Tillerson's Russia projects ran into trouble the following year,  however, because after Russia invaded Ukraine and started illegally  annexing territory, Europe and the United States slapped sanctions on  Russia. Those sanctions made life more difficult for Exxon, so  Tillerson ignored them. He forged ahead despite the sanctions, signing  more agreements with Russia, and then he used his army of well-funded  lobbyists to undermine our sanctions with Russia.   When confronted with the facts about this in his confirmation  hearing, Tillerson first pretended that he didn't know if the company  had lobbied at all. And then later, he said: Well, the company simply  participated in discussions with lawmakers without actually taking a  position.   He is saying that they paid their lobbyists to show up and just talk  generally, not to advance what the company wanted. You know, when you  hear something that lame, you wonder just how dumb he thinks we are.   Mr. Tillerson has argued that in his job at Exxon he was advocating  for the interests of his giant oil company. And he understands that  being Secretary of State is a different job.   Really? At his hearing, Tillerson lamented that when sanctions are  imposed, ``by their design, [they] are going to harm American  businesses''--as though the principal question the Secretary of State  should be asking when deciding whether to hold Russia accountable for  hacking our elections or for annexing Crimea is whether it might dent  the bottom line of a powerful oil company.   And has Tillerson really separated himself from Exxon? Tillerson is  receiving a massive $180 million golden parachute for becoming  Secretary of State--$180 million. It is a special payout that he  wouldn't get if he were taking some other job. He is getting it only  because he is coming to work for the government.   I have opposed these parachutes for many years now, and many of us  have worked on legislation to make them criminally illegal--many of us.  I have opposed nominees in my own party over them because if your  employer offered you $180 million to go to work for the government,  that looks an awful lot like a bribe for future services. This kind of  payment raises questions about whether you work for the government, for  a multinational oil company, or for both at the same time. America  deserves a Secretary of State who works for the American people,  period.   Will Tillerson help Exxon while he is in office? Well, the law  requires him to recuse himself from any matters involving this company  for how long? For just 1 year.   Common sense requires Tillerson, who, again, is receiving a $180  million special payment from the company where he has worked his entire  adult life--common sense requires him to recuse himself from all  matters involving Exxon for the entirety of his time in government. But  when pressed by my Massachusetts colleague, Senator Markey, Tillerson  flatly refused to do it.   Mr. Tillerson's views, experiences, relationships, and compromising  arrangements with Russia aren't my only problem with this nomination,  not by a long shot.   Mr. Tillerson's company has spent years lying about climate change.  In Massachusetts, we have laws about consumer fraud: telling people  lies about your product, lies that could make a difference about  whether or not customers want to buy it. The Massachusetts attorney  general, Maura Healy, has been investigating whether Exxon deliberately  misled people about the impact of climate change on our economy, on our  environment, on our health, and on our future.   Exxon didn't want to answer, so they bullied and stonewalled all the  way. But it hadn't worked. In fact, our attorney general won a court  ruling earlier this month, and Exxon is being forced to hand over 40  years' worth of internal documents that will show what the company knew  about climate change, when they knew it, and whether they lied to their  customers, their investors, and the American public.   Tillerson bobbed and weaved on climate change at his confirmation  hearing. I wonder if he is just trying to avoid accidentally saying  anything that might help Massachusetts finally find out and hold his  company accountable for massive fraud. Look, that may be OK for a CEO,  but that is not good enough for someone who wants to be our Nation's  Secretary of State.   Climate change is a defining issue of our time, and the last thing we  should do is hand our foreign policy over to someone who cares more  about lining his own pockets than the survival of our planet.   I could go on at length about the glaring problems with Mr.  Tillerson's nomination. It is amazing how far we have fallen, to go  from John Kerry, an accomplished statesman, combat veteran,  Presidential candidate, long-time public servant, and son of  Massachusetts, to a billionaire with a golden parachute and no record  of public service or putting American foreign policy interests ahead of  his own corporate interests.   When we vote, Senators should understand this: Handing American  foreign policy over to the leader of a giant oil company is not  something we do in the United States; it is something Vladimir Putin  would do in Russia.   Donald Trump is building his Presidency in the image of Vladimir  Putin, and that is good for Russia, but it is a real problem for  America.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   