 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on House consideration  of H.R. 3922, Championing Healthy Kids Act, which would reauthorize the  State Children Health Insurance Program (S-CHIP).   As the founder and chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I am  well aware of the work that went into creating this important program.   I joined with members of the bipartisan Children's Caucus to champion  the worthy goals of S-CHIP.   Congress and President Clinton responded to the needs of 10 million  children in the United States who lacked health insurance, S-CHIP was  created in 1997 to insure children in families with too much income to  qualify for Medicaid and too little to afford private insurance.   I voted for the S-CHIP program when it came to the floor for a vote  as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.   I worked tirelessly along with other members of the House to make  sure the S-CHIP program was created.   I voted to extend the life of the program when Congress reauthorized  S-CHIP in 2009 under the Children's Health Insurance Program  Reauthorization Act and again when it became part of the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.   The program represented a grand bargain that allowed Democrats and  Republicans to agree that healthcare for the nation's children was a  laudable and achievable goal.   H.R. 3922, Championing Healthy Kids Act, is not a reauthorization of  the S-CHIP program it is political theater at its worse.   The leadership of the House is betraying all that this body has done  for 20 years to sustain and improve S-CHIP.   The bill before the House is political theater and not real  legislating--a partisan attack against Medicare that has no place in a  real bill about healthcare for children.   I am a strong supporter of S-CHIP and would vote for that program any  day it is brought to the House Floor.   This imposter S-CHIP bill is not worthy to be considered by this  body.   The motion to recommit this bill should be supported so that the  offensive offsets could be removed so that the bill can be brought back  to the full House for consideration.   After weeks of negotiations to reauthorize the Children's Health  Insurance Program (CHIP), Community Health Centers (CHCs) and other  important public health programs, which have always been bipartisan  priorities, House Republicans have decided to bring a partisan bill to  the Floor.   This bill will only further delay the reauthorization of these  programs, many of which expired on September 30th.   The bill passed out of the Energy and Commerce Committee at the  beginning of October with no Democratic support.   Democrats in Committee instead offered a package that invests in our  children and safety net providers, and does not sacrifice the nation's  health.   Democrats have made it clear for weeks that the pay-fors in this bill  are problematic.   Rather than working toward a bipartisan agreement, Republicans  revised their bill to include even steeper cuts to public health  programs, in addition to undermining the Affordable Care Act (ACA).   The bill includes woefully inadequate funding for Medicaid programs  in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, which are facing  unprecedented demands on their health care systems following the  devastation caused by Hurricane Maria.   Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello last week requested $1.6  billion annually to deal with the state's underfunded Medicaid program  that is expected to be further strained by the short- and long-term  health implications of the natural disaster.   The approximately $1 billion over two years in Puerto Rico Medicaid  funding included in the Republican bill is not only insufficient, but  it would also require Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to match  those dollars at a time of increased demand and revenue collapse in  both territories, exacerbating delays in recovery.   This bill also seeks to cut $6.35 billion to the Prevention and  Public Health Fund (PPHF).   The Prevention Fund was created by the ACA to make national  investments in prevention and public health, to improve health  outcomes, to enhance health care quality, and reduce health care costs.   It has been used to increase awareness of and access to preventive  health services, such as cancer screenings, tobacco cessation and  childhood vaccines--as well as concentrating on preventing chronic  disease to help more Americans stay healthy.   Cutting these funds will have a devastating impact on public health  initiatives at the federal, state and local levels.   Republicans are also shortening the grace period for missed premium  payments from ninety days to thirty, which would result in up to  688,000 people losing health coverage.   House Republicans are insisting that in order to provide some of our  most vulnerable Americans with coverage, it must be paid for by  cancelling the health insurance of other Americans after a single  payment is missed.   While Republicans are pushing for tax cuts for the wealthy that  explode the deficit, when it comes to health coverage for children and  low-income Americans, Republicans are insisting that it be paid for at  the cost of weakening our health care system and pushing other  Americans off health insurance.   States have begun to use emergency funding, cut benefits, and will  soon begin sending disenrollment notices to thousands of families if  CHIP is not reauthorized.   Republicans' decision to advance a partisan bill rather than a  compromise has very real consequences for families across the country.   In 2016, 35,626,329 children in the United States had healthcare  coverage under S-CHIP or the Medicaid Child Program.   In 2016, although the state of Texas had 38 percent of our children  covered under the S-CHIP program, there were still 9.2 percent children  without health insurance coverage.   Paying for this package by weakening health care in America:   Shortening the grace period for missed premium payments will cause up  to 688,000 Americans to lose their health coverage.   Cutting $6.35 billion from the Prevention Fund will have a  devastating impact on public health initiatives at the federal, state  and local levels.   Requiring Medicare means testing of 100 percent for beneficiaries  making over $500,000. This provision will take away a benefit American  seniors have paid into their entire lives.   These offsets are even more egregious since they are being considered  just one week after House Republicans began the process of passing tax  cuts for the wealthy that is not offset and will add $1.5 trillion to  the deficit.   Instead of reauthorizing these programs, House Republicans wasted  time attempting to repeal the ACA.   There are better ways to pay for S-CHIP that do not put the guarantee  of Medicare at risk our nation's seniors.   1. Reduce tax expenditures for the top 1 percent of income-earners-- Our current tax code imposes higher tax rates on income earned through  hard work while providing preferential treatment to unearned financial  gains and allowing billions of dollars of stock profits and other  capital gains to pass tax-free to heirs of multi-million-dollar  fortunes. Reducing the benefit of these tax expenditures would help  rebalance the tax code so that it stops favoring wealth over work. CBO  has determined that 17 percent of the benefits of major ``tax  expenditures'' go to households in the top one percent of income  earners at a cost of more than $1.5 trillion over ten years. We could  reduce this benefit to pay for needed national priorities.   2. Cancel the tax break for corporate jets--Repeal tax breaks such as  those for corporate jets, which are allowed a faster depreciation  [[Page H8466]]  schedule than passenger and freight aircraft. Based on past Joint  Committee on Taxation estimates, repealing the tax break on corporate  jets alone would raise $3 billion over ten years.   3. Restrict deductions for egregious CEO bonuses when employees don't  get a raise--Repeal the exemption to the $1 million limit on  compensation for CEOs and other specified corporate employees that a  publicly traded corporation can deduct as a business expense, unless  their workers are getting paycheck increases that reflect increases in  worker productivity and the cost of living. Based on Joint Committee on  Taxation estimates, just limiting the deductibility of excessive CEO  compensation would raise $12 billion over ten years.   4. Close loopholes in the U.S. international corporate tax system  that encourage companies to invert, and ship jobs and profits  overseas--Prevent U.S. companies from ``inverting'' and pretending that  they are based in other countries purely to reduce their taxes. Enact  proposals that would limit the ability of corporations to reap  substantial tax benefits by shifting operations, capital, intellectual  property, and jobs overseas for tax purposes or to shelter their  profits from U.S. taxation in foreign tax havens. Based on estimates of  past proposals, over $500 billion over ten years could be raised under  such proposals.   5. Close the ``carried interest'' loophole taxing hedge fund  managers' compensation at lower capital gains rates--End the loophole  which allows certain investment managers at hedge funds and private  equity firms to pay capital gains tax rates (up to a maximum of just 20  percent) on income received as compensation for services they provided,  rather than ordinary income tax rates up to 39.6 percent that all other  working Americans pay on the compensation they receive for their labor.  Past estimates show closing this loophole would raise over $19 billion  over ten years.   States have begun to use emergency funding, cut benefits, and will  soon begin sending disenrollment notices to thousands of families if  CHIP is not reauthorized.   It is time for the House Leadership to stop playing politics with  health insurance coverage for our nation's most vulnerable children and  pass a clean S-CHIP bill.   