 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman Jayapal  and the Congressional Progressive Caucus for convening this 1-hour  discussion about our democracy at risk.   I don't think it is really an exaggeration that what we are seeing  right now is our democracy actually under attack. Unfortunately, it is  from our own White House.   I think Americans around the country, regardless of their political  party or even political persuasion, are kind of shaking their head and  saying: What the heck is going on?   Every day, there is some sort of a new and disturbing revelation. We  found out that the President of the United States just seems to have  blurted out highly, highly classified information in a meeting with the  Russian Ambassador and the Russian Foreign Minister--information that  was passed on, it seems, from the Israelis, but actually could put some  of the people who are doing the most delicate work on the ground in  some danger. And then, of course, last week, the President fired the  FBI Director, James Comey.   As a Democrat, I certainly have had problems in the past with James  Comey. I think that he helped influence the outcome of the election.  But it turns out that on national television the President basically  admitted, after giving various explanations of the firing, that it came  down to the Russian investigation.   Then we find out that James Comey actually took notes of a meeting  with the President where the President asked him to drop the  investigation of General Flynn and his connection to the Russians. It  is a real question of what is going on.   It was an important step when, yesterday, Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein took the important first step of appointing a special  counsel to investigate the Russia connection and the relationship  between this administration of President Trump and the Russians.  [[Page H4350]]    I am really happy. I was on the Intelligence Committee when Robert  Mueller was the FBI Director. I have to tell you that I feel very  confident in his independence and his integrity. I know that he,  importantly, would not allow the FBI to work with the CIA when they  wanted to torture people, essentially, by using enhanced interrogation  techniques. So I feel good that he is a very good choice.   But having done that, today I was happy to sign a discharge petition  to create an independent commission that would also be looking into  even the larger picture about what was going on with the Russian  influence campaign involving itself in our elections, and then also,  what was the connection between the Trump administration, Donald Trump  himself, did they collude on influencing the election?   It is important to do both. They are complementary. They don't do the  same thing.   I am going to quote from Adam Schiff, who is our ranking Democrat on  the Intelligence Committee. I think he put it really well: ``The value  an independent commission adds is you have a body that is truly  independent of any political consideration and also has all the  resources it needs and a single focus on the oversight of what Russia  did, how we need to respond in the future, and it brings that political  independence and staff and resources on task. So those are two  different needs, and I think they're complementary, not in competition  with each other.''   The other reason I am very much in support not only of the special  prosecutor, but of the independent commission is because, then,  Congress has a role here. Congress itself is saying--hopefully,  Republicans and Democrats. We have two Republicans right now on our  discharge petition that would force the bill to come to the floor that  would say that we, together, think that this is worthy, our democracy  is worthy of this kind of in-depth investigation.   Finally, let me say we would find out a lot about the relationship of  the President and Russia, plus other conflicts of interest, if we could  see his tax returns, like every other President has done. Release his  tax returns.   Again, I would hope that this has not devolved into strictly a  partisan issue. All Americans should say: Let us look at those ties the  President may have in countries around the world or with companies at  home.   