 Madam President, I thank Senator Nelson for his  leadership on this motion. It is a very simple motion for a very simple  proposition; that is, that the Tax Code should be simpler. That is  true. We should make it more streamlined. That is true, but our focus  should be helping the people of America.   Our problem with the bill that is on the floor right now is that it  is weighted much too heavily in terms of helping the wealthiest among  us and not the middle class. Senator Nelson's amendment, which I am a  proud cosponsor of, gets right to the meat of this, to the bread and  butter, to helping the middle class with their groceries--since I used  meat and bread and butter--but also with their mortgages, with paying  for college, with everything they need to do. Our problem with the bill  right now is that too much of it goes to the top.   In fact, when you look at the numbers, it is quite startling. The  first  [[Page S7656]]  thing you notice for the middle class is that $1.4 trillion in  additional debt comes out of this bill. Now, our colleagues were  claiming until yesterday, well, that is going to be offset with all  this economic growth we are going to see. What did we find out? Even  when you consider that--and this is by the nonpartisan Joint Committee  on Taxation that looked at this. They are like the umpire. They do the  scorecard. They looked at this, and they said: Yes, it is about 1.4,  $1.5 trillion in debt. It does produce some economic growth, but guess  what. The net is over a trillion dollars in debt.   Now, whose shoulder is that going to be on? That debt is going to be  on the middle class and their kids and their grandkids, and that is the  No. 1 reason why I am so concerned about this bill and why I stood with  17 other Democrats, including Senator Nelson, just this last week and  said: Come to the table. This is your moment for our colleagues on the  Republican side of the aisle. While the White House is busy sending out  tweets and going after this person and that person and this group and  that group, someone has to govern, and this is their moment to govern,  to work with us on a bill that doesn't add this debt that gives the  middle class more than just a lump of debt in their stocking.   What Senator Nelson's amendment smartly does is, it says: Let's go  back and actually have hearings. Let's go back and in a deficit-neutral  manner help the middle class. That is what we have to do.   Even though we appeared to be very close to voting on this bill, we  still don't know what exactly is in the final version of this bill. We  know what isn't in it. Where is this Buffett rule that would make it  more fair for everyone? What are we doing about the oil giveaways? What  are we doing about the carried interest loophole? None of this is in  the bill. Instead, there is $1.4 trillion in debt. So that is why I  strongly support Senator Nelson's amendment.   I would also add other amendments that should be considered that I  have submitted: savings for servicemembers to help lower the out-of- pocket costs for National Guard members, an amendment that would help  address the cost millions of people face when they are providing elder  care for loved ones, an amendment that would make it easier to use 529  education savings accounts to help workers develop the skills they need  for 21st century jobs, and also other ones related to agriculture.   Senator Nelson's amendment and all these amendments are geared and  focused on the middle class. We are living in a time when the wealthier  have been getting wealthier and the middle class have been losing  ground. They may have jobs now because our economy has rebounded, but  the cost of things has gotten so expensive, whether it is their cable  bill, whether it is the cost of sending their kids to college, and,  with this tax bill this is our opportunity to address that.   A tax bill should be the value statement for our government, the  value statement for America. So I ask my colleagues to come back to the  table, to come back to the table to talk about a bill that would bring  down that corporate rate. I am all in favor of that.   I have 18 Fortune 500 companies. I know how important they are to  jobs in my State, but they don't have to go down to the extreme rate  that they are. Instead, that money should be used to help the middle  class, while bringing down the corporate rate, while bringing in that  money from overseas and plugging some of it into this Nation's  infrastructure to literally help us with the roads and bridges and rail  we have now, but that isn't in this bill.   So we tell our colleagues this is a moment in time where you could  actually work with us on something that makes sense for America. Don't  squander it.   I appreciate the time from Senator Nelson and his leadership.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Mississippi.   