 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  Congressional Review Act measure, which would allow discrimination  against title X family planning providers, which in turn could roll  back access to family planning and preventive health services for women  and their families in New Hampshire and across our country.   Throughout my time in public service, I have always fought to ensure  [[Page S2130]]  that women have meaningful access to the healthcare they need. I have  fought to ensure that they can make their own healthcare decisions,  and, in doing so, control their own destinies.   To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able  to make their own decisions about if--or when--to start a family. They  should not have to pay more than men do for healthcare. They should be  able to visit providers of their own choice who understand their  healthcare needs. To fully participate not only in our economy but also  in our democracy, women must be recognized for their capacity to make  their own healthcare decisions, just as men are. They also must have  full independence to make their own health decisions, just as men do.   During my time as Governor of New Hampshire, I restored family  planning funds and pushed to restore State funding for Planned  Parenthood, and I am going to continue fighting to ensure that women  have the care they need, while standing firm against efforts here in  Congress to roll back the progress that has been made.   Unfortunately, the vote we are taking today is a continuation of a  partisan agenda that has been focused on restricting the care that  women and their families can receive. The fact that Vice President Mike  Pence was called in to cast the deciding vote to advance this measure  shows just how far Republican leadership will go in order to undermine  women's access to critical healthcare.   For more than 40 years, title X has provided women and their families  with comprehensive family planning and preventive health services. When  the legislation was originally passed in 1970, it was part of a  bipartisan effort, with the support of prominent Republicans. In the  years that have followed, title X has been essential in delivering  important services to some of our Nation's most underserved  communities. That is why, in New Hampshire, title X and Planned  Parenthood still have broad support in our communities, even if they  have been the subject of political gamesmanship here in Washington.   Title X has support from Granite Staters because they have seen the  real difference it has made in their lives and in the lives of their  neighbors. They know that in some parts of the State there are no other  options or, if other options do exist, they don't provide women with  the same expertise and commitment to reproductive health that title X  providers do.   For those in rural communities, for low-income women and men, and for  members of the LGBTQ community, title X supported health centers have  been a major source of preventive care and reproductive health  services, including cancer screenings, birth control, HIV and STI  tests, and counseling services. And title X's important public health  services translate into savings for taxpayers. In 2010, title X  investments resulted in net savings for Federal and State governments  of $7 billion.   The measure we are voting on today would undermine this progress and  the safety net for countless citizens. This measure would allow States  to discriminate against providers and take away investments in family  planning clinics, ultimately taking away these key services for those  who need them most.   Last year, more than 4 million women and men at over 4,000 health  centers across our Nation received care through title X. This includes  around 20,000 patients in New Hampshire, including roughly 11,000  patients receiving care through title X supported Planned Parenthood  centers. Those services can't just be replaced by other providers, even  community health centers that do great work. But two counties in New  Hampshire don't have a community health center at all. Others don't  have the capacity to replace this work or this specialized experience  that can make a critical difference to a woman's health.    In New Hampshire and other States, Planned Parenthood and the  community health centers are often partners, working in tandem to get  patients the reproductive healthcare they need. But when I hear from  community health centers around New Hampshire, they tell me they would  not be able to pick up the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded.   Make no mistake about it, this CRA, which would let States  discriminate against providers in the title X program, combined with  the consistent attempts to defund Planned Parenthood by some in  Congress, would be a disaster for women in New Hampshire and all across  the Nation. That is why a number of leading advocates have come out  against these efforts to overturn title X regulations, including the  American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American  Academy of Pediatrics, the National Family Planning & Reproductive  Health Association, the Human Rights Campaign, and dozens more. I share  their concerns and oppose the measure we will consider today, and I am  going to continue to fight against these attempts to roll back access  to reproductive health and preventive services.   It is critical that we have a healthcare system that ensures that all  women and their families can get the care they need. What we cannot do  is eliminate services and discriminate against providers who have been  providing critical, cost-effective healthcare to millions of Americans  for decades. I strongly oppose this effort to undermine the title X  program, and I will vote against this measure today.   We need just one more vote, and I urge my colleagues to listen to the  voices of their constituents and vote no today.   I yield the floor.   