 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the nomination of  Rex Tillerson to serve as Secretary of State. Shortly after President  Trump's election, I wrote to him about what I thought was a mutual  interest, taking on a rigged system in Washington where powerful  interests call the shots. For too long, I have heard from Wisconsinites  who feel that Washington's economic and political system is broken.  People are angry because they feel that our government institutions  seem to work for Big Banks or Big Oil but not for them.   President Trump clearly tapped into this widely held dissatisfaction  when he announced his plan to reduce the influence of special interests  in government by draining the swamp. Yet with appointment after  appointment, it has been made clear that President Trump is not  interested in ridding the government of powerful interests. In fact, he  continues to appoint and nominate foxes to guard the henhouse.   We don't need to look back very far to know what can happen when we  let industry insiders run our government. The 2008 financial crisis was  a result of years of deregulation pushed by Wall Street from both  inside and outside the government. Last Congress, I introduced  legislation to slow the revolving door and ensure that our public  servants are working for the public interest, not their former--or  future, for that matter--employers. I was inspired to introduce this  legislation when I saw several Obama administration appointees receive  multimillion-dollar bonuses for leaving their private sector jobs to  join the government. These government service golden parachutes, as  they are known, demonstrate how valuable some companies believe it is  to have friends in high places.   Rex Tillerson, the President's nominee to serve as Secretary of  State, received a $180 million payout from ExxonMobil that he would  have to forfeit had he taken a job elsewhere. What is more, reports  indicate that the deal he struck allows him to defer paying 71 million  in taxes. It is hard to imagine that our Nation's top diplomat will  forget such an incredible favor, but Rex Tillerson isn't the only Trump  appointee who will be rewarded with a golden parachute as he enters  government. Gary Cohn, the President's pick to run the National  Economic Council, will receive over 100 million from his former  employer, Goldman Sachs, before he starts to coordinate an  administration-wide economic policy.   I remain as opposed to this practice under the Trump administration  as I was during the Obama administration. Wisconsin families cannot  afford to have corporate insiders running our government to rig the  rules on behalf of their former corporations. That is why I am  reintroducing the Financial Services Conflict of Interest Act, to  ensure that our government is truly of the people, by the people, and  for the people of the United States, to ensure that President Trump's  Cabinet officials are working in the national interests instead of  their own interests, to ensure that they are working for their current  employers, the American people, instead of their former bosses.   In the case of Mr. Tillerson, whose nomination the Senate is voting  on this week, these questions of influence, of favoritism and  priorities are particularly troubling, troubling because during his  tenure leading Exxon, Mr. Tillerson showed a disregard, if not outright  contempt at times, for putting U.S. policy first. Whether in the Middle  East, Africa or Russia, Exxon's bottom line was his overriding  priority. Now, with 180 million of Exxon's money in his pocket--and  after 40 years with the company--should we take it on faith that his  priorities will suddenly change? Should we blindly accept that the 180  million will not ever influence his decisionmaking or should we  continue to ask questions, questions that Rex Tillerson has yet to  answer?   For example, how will Exxon and Big Business influence U.S. policy in  strategically important but democratically fragile oil-producing  African states? How about U.S. international commitments to combatting  climate change, one of our greatest national security challenges but  also a challenge that Big Oil has dismissed as a hoax. Perhaps most  concerning, what influence will Exxon have in matters relating to  Russia, where its long record of doing business at the expense of U.S.  national security interests seems to be right at home in the Trump  administration?   We also need to hear what Rex Tillerson thinks about President  Trump's actions this weekend. On Friday, President Trump issued anti- refugee and anti-immigrant Executive orders. I am outraged by the way  these orders were hastily thrown together late Friday. The President's  sloppy actions created chaos, disorder, and confusion at our airports,  and it left families, including permanent legal residents, wondering  what it meant for them. There have been media reports that relevant  agencies, including the State Department, were not consulted before  this order was signed by President Trump. President Trump says we need  extreme vetting of refugees fleeing war-torn nations. The refugees--the  vast majority of whom are women and children--already go through an  extremely strict screening process before they are allowed to enter the  country.   What we really need extreme vetting of is President Trump's Executive  orders before he signs them. With the stroke of a pen, President  Trump's orders will make ISIS stronger, weaken America's  counterterrorism efforts, and likely cost lives. It is wrong to turn  our back on our American values and the rest of the world. We are  better than this.   President Trump and Republicans in Congress should reverse these  shameful actions immediately. I am proud to be cosponsoring legislation  that would do just that. We need to know where Rex Tillerson stands on  those very same issues. Does he oppose welcoming refugees into the  country, which strengthens America's connection with freedom, the  foundation of who we are as a people? Was Mr. Tillerson consulted by  the President before these orders were issued? Mr. Tillerson owes it to  the American people to answer those questions before the Senate votes  on his confirmation.   What happened the day after President Trump issued these Executive  orders? On Saturday, President Trump called Vladimir Putin to discuss a  more cozy relationship with Russia. What does Mr. Tillerson think about  this call? According to reports, it was a warm conversation and  resulted in preparations for a meeting between President Trump and  Vladimir Putin, the same Vladimir Putin who illegally invaded Ukraine  and actively seeks to divide and destroy NATO, our most important  security alliance; the same Vladimir Putin who is responsible for  directing cyber attacks meant to influence and undermine our elections  and our Democratic process; the same Vladimir Putin who fights  alongside the murderous Syrian dictator, Bashar al-Assad, and is  responsible for war crimes, indiscriminately bombing innocent civilians  in Aleppo; the same Vladimir Putin who gave Rex Tillerson the Order of  Friendship following his business dealings in Russia.   We need a Secretary of State who understands the threats posed by  nations like Russia, not someone who is cozy with Vladimir Putin. We  need a nominee with experience in foreign affairs and foreign policy,  not a billionaire oil tycoon who has spent his career fighting to  ensure that government policies help the oil industry. Rex Tillerson is  not this nominee.   For all these reasons, I oppose the nomination of Rex Tillerson to  serve as U.S. Secretary of State. I urge my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to do the same.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.  [[Page S528]]        