 I want to thank Congresswoman Plaskett for hosting this  Special Order and for her kind words, but also for her commitment to  providing healthcare for all Americans, for her leadership in the  Caribbean Caucus, for her dedicated constituent representation of her  constituents in her district, and also being the epitome of why  Caribbean American Heritage Month is so important. There are so many  Caribbean Americans throughout our country who have contributed so much  to the fabric of our society, and so I am really proud to be with her  tonight.   And thank you for signing H. Con. Res. 71 because that was during the  days of the bipartisanship spirit. If a Barbara Lee and a George Bush  could work together, then that says something.    What we can accomplish, but also about the brilliance and  the importance of the Caribbean-American community.   Let me just mention Dr. Claire Nelson, who is the founder and  president of the Institute of Caribbean Studies, because, for over a  decade, just in terms of history, we worked closely together to  recognize the many individual contributions of Caribbean Americans and  to make Caribbean American Heritage Month a reality. So I must today  salute her for her tremendous leadership.   Our Nation has been so fortunate to benefit from countless  individuals of Caribbean descent, including my personal mentor and  friend, the late Honorable Shirley Chisholm, whose district now is so  ably represented by our colleague of Jamaican descent, Congresswoman  Yvette Clarke.   Now, Shirley Chisholm was a woman of Bajan and Guyanese descent who  never forgot her roots in the Caribbean. She was the first African- American woman elected to Congress, the first woman and the first  African American to run for President. She was truly a trailblazer, and  she convinced me that I needed to actually register to vote.   Throughout her career, Shirley was an advocate and a fighter. She  fought for working families, the poor, and our most vulnerable:  children and seniors. She believed that everyone should have the  basics: food, housing, a decent job, good wages, and healthcare--again,  regardless of their background. And let me tell you, I know that she  would have been appalled by this Senate health bill.   Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed, and, to be quite honest, I am  terrified about the Republican's heartless bill to rip healthcare away  from 22 million Americans. Now, next year, 15 million Americans will  lose their healthcare, and believe you me, these are not just  Democrats, these are not only African Americans, but these are also  Republicans and people who voted for Trump.   The bill, currently--this bill--was hatched by 13 male Republicans in  back rooms and basements. They hid it  [[Page H5175]]  for as long as they could because they knew if they held an honest  debate, they would lose on the merits.   According to the Congressional Budget Office today, the Senate's bill  would strip healthcare from 22 million Americans, devastate women's  health, and weaken protections for those living with preexisting  conditions, with disabilities. It will increase premiums and reduce  benefits, and it would also make Americans pay more for less. It would  end Medicaid as we know it, including long-term care for our seniors.   What is more, it will harm American families and really will present  an environment now where it is a matter of life and death for so many  who don't even need to worry about not having healthcare. They should  have healthcare because, otherwise, many people who are going to be  denied under this bill can lose their lives.   And for what? Why are we doing this, or why are they doing this? It  is to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and for millionaires and for  CEOs.   Mr. Speaker, over the last few months, like all of us, I received  thousands of letters from constituents in the East Bay who are  terrified of losing their healthcare. I have heard from people like  Melissa, a mother in Oakland, whose son Sam was born premature with  several preexisting conditions.   Her son received healthcare under the Affordable Care Act. Under the  Senate healthcare bill, children like Sam will be locked out of the  care that they desperately need. They are terrified. The bill would  force American families like Melissa's to choose between groceries and  healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is cruel and, yes, it is mean. It is a massive  tax cut for billionaires at the expense of families and our most  vulnerable.   Now, during the campaign, President Trump asked the question: What  does the Black community have to lose? Well, for starters, Mr.  President, I hope you hear us tonight, it is healthcare, given the  number of African Americans, which Congressman Veasey laid out, who,  for the first time, now have healthcare.   In all my years in Congress, I have never seen such a morally  bankrupt bill. And make no mistake, it is a matter of life and death,  and the American people deserve better.   Finally, let me just say this bill is not a healthcare bill. It is a  tax cut bill for millionaires and billionaires and is known as  TrumpCare. I don't know how it got that title because it is more like-- and what I call it--``Trump Don't Care'' legislation, and it must be  rejected.   