 Thank you very much, Mr. President, and I thank my  colleague from Massachusetts for his eloquent words just now. I also  thank Senator Durbin for his leadership on this critically important  issue.   As many of my colleagues have stated, we must protect Dreamers and  allow them to continue to be vital members of communities in New  Hampshire and across the Nation. The energy, hard work, and innovation  of Dreamers are critical components of our economic future. These are  hard-working young people who have so much to offer and who deserve our  support and our urgent action.   They are people like a young man from the Seacoast area of New  Hampshire, who recently met with my staff. This young person was  brought to the United States when he was in elementary school. His  parents emigrated from Indonesia, joining members of the New Hampshire  community who had left their country because they were fleeing  religious persecution. For years, members of this community have  worked, paid taxes, and raised their families on the Seacoast. Now the  Trump administration is engaging in misguided efforts to prioritize  their deportation--efforts that I urge this administration to stop  immediately.   The Dreamer I am talking about this afternoon had never known that he  was undocumented until he wanted to get his driver's license. But he  said his life was changed after President Obama unveiled the DACA  Program. This young man was able to get a job, attend community  college, and eventually enroll at the University of New Hampshire,  where he is working toward his degree. His story makes clear why there  is so much at stake and why it is critical that our colleagues work  together in order to support these young people.   Granite Staters, like all Americans, recognize the value of hard  work, the importance of unleashing the talent and energy of each and  every individual, and they demand and expect that their elected leaders  act with fairness and with common sense, which is all that the Dream  Act represents.   We must pass the bipartisan Dream Act now and protect those who have  so much to offer to the future of our great country.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   