 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation.   In the aftermath of World War II, leaders from both parties, who many  in this House revere to this day, developed the principle of civilian  control of our Armed Forces and codified it into law. They had seen the  rise of fascism and communism, and held this principle dear because  they believed it was necessary for the safety of our democracy. It was  the outgrowth of a long tradition of thinking about civil-military  relations, as old as our Republic itself, going back to the Founders.   Yet, almost all of these same leaders and legislators made an  exception for General George Marshall; but when they did so, they did  not take the action lightly. The exception in 1950 did a number of  things that this legislation does not, which my colleagues have spoken  about. All are serious, but I want to highlight one.   The exception in 1950 named General Marshall by name and applied the  exception only to him. This bill does not name General Mattis, and it  is written more broadly. The principle of civilian control of the Armed  Forces was important to the Greatest Generation and it was an exception  in every sense, an exception for an exceptional individual.    This matter should not be rammed through Congress. There are serious  issues to discuss. I believe civil-military relations remain vitally  important to the American people and to the health of our democracy.   I believe that General Mattis is an excellent general officer. He has  served our Nation well, and he will be a capable Secretary of Defense.  My opposition to this legislation is not about General Mattis' capacity  to serve in this role.   Mr. Speaker, I ask: Why is this legislation written so that it could  apply to other individuals and does not name General Mattis and state  that this is only for him?   We are being asked to rush, without conducting proper oversight,  without holding a hearing, and after being prevented by an unelected  transition team to hear from General Mattis himself.   This is the people's House. The House should have a proper hearing  before a decision of this magnitude is made. General Mattis should have  been allowed to testify before our committee, as I am told was his  desire. If today's legislation addressed these concerns, which could  have been achieved, my vote would likely be different today.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    But I cannot, given this process and this language, vote  for this legislation today in good conscience.   