 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment to increase funding for the Advanced Manufacturing Office by  $20 million.   I want to thank my colleagues, Representative Tom Reed, John Katko,  and Jacky Rosen for their partnership in this bipartisan amendment.   Our amendment is about protecting and creating millions of good- paying  [[Page H6439]]  jobs in Connecticut and across the country. Our amendment will help us  ensure that the technologically advanced products of the future will be  manufactured, not in China, not in India, but right here in the United  States of America.   The Department of Energy's Advanced Manufacturing Office is the only  technology development office within the Federal Government that is  dedicated to enhancing American manufacturing competitiveness. The  Advanced Manufacturing Office works to help manufacturers improve  energy and material efficiency, technology, and productivity.   Unfortunately, the appropriations bill before us today cuts funding  to the Advanced Manufacturing Office by $155.5 million from fiscal year  2017 enacted levels, and that is a mistake.   Manufacturing is one of the most important sectors of the U.S.  economy. In 2016, manufacturing contributed $2.18 trillion to our  economy and employed 12.3 million workers. In my home State of  Connecticut, manufacturing has long been our economic backbone.   Connecticut is home to nearly 5,000 manufacturing companies that  provide good-paying jobs for 76,000 Connecticut residents. This  amendment helps American manufacturers all across the country to be  more competitive by reducing energy costs.   Manufacturing is very energy intensive. In fact, according to the  National Association of Manufacturers, manufacturers consume more than  30 percent of our Nation's energy. That translates to $130 billion in  costs to U.S. manufacturers every year.   Adequately funding the Advanced Manufacturing Office, will help  reduce energy costs to manufacturers, freeing up their budgets to  invest in research and development, expand their facilities, and, most  importantly, hire more people.   Our amendment also helps American manufacturers become more  competitive by addressing critical workforce needs in energy  efficiency.   Last year, I visited Forum Plastics, a plastic molding company based  in Waterbury, Connecticut. I met with employees to discuss the  expectations and challenges facing manufacturers in America today, and  one of the topics that came up was how businesses struggle to hire  workers with the right skills. Yet, that same year, Forum Plastics  partnered with the Advanced Manufacturing Office to carry out an  industrial assessment project.   The Industrial Assessment Centers program is a tool for employers to  recruit individuals with hands-on experience in energy efficiency.   Mr. Chairman, now is not the time to roll back investments in  American manufacturing. It is the time to increase our support for U.S.  manufacturing. I know all of us in this Chamber are committed to  promoting good-paying jobs in the communities we represent, but it is  not enough to say we are committed.   We need to make job creation a priority, and that means making  American manufacturing a priority. I urge my colleagues to support our  amendment which increases funding to the Department of Energy's  Advanced Manufacturing Office by $20 million, fully paid for by a  reduction in the more than $350 million plus-up to funding for the  Office of Fossil Energy Research & Development.   This bipartisan amendment is a win for American manufacturing and a  win for our economy. I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have  remaining?    Mr. Chair, again, I urge my colleagues to  support this. If we can help our manufacturers be more efficient in  their use of energy, we can help them be more competitive, hire more  people, and develop that clean energy technology for coal.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   