 Mr. Speaker, I commend my distinguished ranking member of  the Financial Services Committee for her brilliant leadership, for her  bipartisanship, and for always trying to find a way to help America's  consumers and protect America's taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I am very sad today because of what is happening on both  sides of the Capitol. The cruelty, carelessness, and contempt  Republicans are showing for working families boggles the mind. Now,  Senate Republicans are careening toward shattering the healthcare of  millions of Americans, with no regard or appreciation for the  consequence.   Every chance they get, they stack the deck against America's working  families. Here, on this side of the Capitol, Republicans are stacking  the deck even further against America's working families by seeking to  deny those families their fundamental right to obtain justice in court.   Eight years ago, unchecked recklessness on Wall Street ignited a  financial meltdown that devastated families across the country.  Democrats proudly took bold action and passed Dodd-Frank, the strongest  set of consumer financial protections in history. But today, House  Republicans are once again trying to destroy those protections for  America's consumers.   Last month, Republicans passed what we called the ``Wrong'' CHOICE  Act, the Dodd-Frank repeal, which was a giveaway to the financial  industry at the expense of hardworking families.   Republicans are waging a war on the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, a bureau that has returned nearly $12 billion to 29 million  wronged Americans, many of them seniors, veterans, and members of the  Armed Forces.   Forcing consumers into arbitration--indeed, forced arbitration--gives  financial services providers a free pass to get away with abuse. It  denies, again, veterans, servicemembers, and seniors justice against  the predatory financial marketplace practices. Sadly, it reflects a  Republican Party that works relentlessly to empower Wall Street and to  rig the system against consumers. It denies them consumer class action.   More than 800 years ago, the Magna Carta first laid out a basic right  to justice as the foundation of a fair society. Even under a king, the  Magna Carta declared, this much was owed the people: ``. . . to no one  will we deny or delay right or justice.''   Every day, Americans take a similar solemn pledge: ``liberty and  justice for all.'' Republicans' attack on consumers insult those  pledges and deny Americans their justice.   All the American people deserve a better deal than what they are  getting from the Republicans in Congress. Democrats are going to fight  back. We will fight to protect hardworking American consumers. We will  fight to put leverage back into the hands of the American people.   Who has the leverage? If I am a financial institution and I know that  you have no leverage, that you cannot act in a class action way, you  can just imagine what I have in store for you. But if I think you have  leverage and you can act in a different way and not be forced into  arbitration, I might have more respect for our financial relationship  with each other.   We will put the leverage back in the hands of the American people. We  will fight this resolution. I call upon my Republican colleagues to  join Democrats in voting ``no'' because this bill is an unfair and  unjust bill.   Who is it unfair to? America's working families, America's consumers,  and America's taxpayers.   I urge a ``no'' vote.   