 Mr. Speaker, the 2017 Atlantic  hurricane season was among one of the most active hurricane seasons on  record. Four major hurricanes--Harvey, Irma, Jose, and Maria--left  terrible devastation in their wakes as the United States and its  surrounding neighbors were hit with historically catastrophic storms.  As we know far too well, these storms caused billions of dollars in  damage across Texas, Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, the U.S. Virgin  Islands, Puerto Rico, and other areas in the region. Much like  Hurricane Katrina, the effects of this devastation will be felt for  decades.   The frequency and intensity of these storms continue to be an ongoing  issue for our country, and it is a problem that is only further  exacerbated by global warming. Warmer oceans and extra heat in the  atmosphere caused by climate change provide even more fuel for weather  systems. Studies are already demonstrating that storms are intensifying  significantly faster today than they did 25 years ago. Additional water  vapor in the atmosphere is also leading to extreme precipitation. In  fact, Hurricane Harvey brought more than 50 inches of rainfall to the  Texas Gulf Coast, representing the greatest accumulation of rainfall  ever recovered in the contiguous United States from a single tropical  storm.   As the costs of natural disasters continue to increase, we need to be  cognizant of the impact of these costs on communities all across the  United States--particularly communities of color or other areas where  our most vulnerable populations reside. Federal disaster response needs  to be fair and equitable across the board. Communities of color suffer  greatly from natural disasters as many are left without housing or jobs  to return to after the storm. Low income individuals and minorities  suffer even greater when these events occur, making a strong and  equitable federal response that much more important.   Mr. Speaker, we need to be looking at what we can do as Americans to  support our fellow citizens and the steps that we can take to build  more resilient infrastructure in the wake of such devastating natural  disasters. Each and every American shares in the responsibility to face  these natural disasters together as one nation, and we cannot afford to  ignore entire segments of the population in the wake of these  disasters.   