 Mr. President, this vote to allow States to defund  Planned Parenthood and other title X funded health programs is simply  shameful and dangerous, and millions of Americans across this country,  including tens of thousands of women and men in Illinois, are going to  suffer as a result.   This vote is particularly devastating to the 2.7 million Americans  who depend on Planned Parenthood for their basic preventive healthcare  each year. I personally understand what is at stake with this vote  because I have been there. When I was working my way through college as  a waitress, with the help of Pell grants and student loans and student  work-study, I relied on Planned Parenthood for my basic healthcare, for  services that are just as simple as a simple physical that I needed to  get that waitressing job. I went to Planned Parenthood because that is  all I could afford on a student's budget, and I needed to get that  second job.   While I can relate to the obvious good that Planned Parenthood does,  many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, unfortunately,  simply cannot. They don't understand what is at stake.   Let's take a look at my home State of Illinois. In Illinois alone,  Planned Parenthood serves 64,000 patients annually. Of those, 34,000  seek testing for sexually transmitted diseases, and nearly 7,000 are  seeking out cancer screenings. So by defunding this organization, what  they are really doing is stripping thousands of Illinoisans and  Americans all across this country from access to essential healthcare.  That is simply unacceptable.   We can't play politics with women's healthcare. Planned Parenthood  should be able to do its job and continue providing quality care and  services without fear of partisan or discriminatory attacks.   The bottom line is that Planned Parenthood is one of the Nation's  largest women's healthcare providers, and it is essential to the health  of our families and our country.   This vote makes taking away not just Planned Parenthood's funding but  funding from any organization that receives title X easier, turning  women around the country into second-class citizens and harming  millions of Americans in the process. Why would we make it easier to  take away a health center that helps our women's public health system  and serves as a lifeline for affordable, preventive services like  physicals, disease testing, and cancer screenings? Women and men all  over the country need these services. Our States and our local  communities need these services because they meet a need that would  otherwise not be met.   I want the men and women across this country to know that I am not  going to give up. Democrats are not going to give up. I will continue  to fight to protect title X funding and the patients who depend on it.  It is just too important.   I yield the floor.   