 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  strong opposition to the bill being considered on the floor today, H.R.  3922, the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act. Unfortunately, this deceitfully  named measure to reauthorize the Children's Health  [[Page H8465]]  Insurance Program (CHIP) and Community Health Centers (CHCs) will  reauthorize these programs through FY19--but does so by kicking  thousands of Americans off private insurance.   Like many of my colleagues, I strongly support CHIP, CHCs, and other  critical public health initiatives. However, the bill in its current  form was drafted as yet another attempt by Republicans to undermine the  Affordable Care Act in order to justify its repeal. The bill is  misguided in its attempt to cut $6.35 billion over ten years from the  Prevention and Public Health Fund in order to fund the extension.   H.R. 3922 also reduces grace periods from 90 to 30 days, putting more  than 688,000 low- and moderate-income individuals at risk of losing  their state Marketplace coverage for simply paying their premiums in  the second of third month of the existing grace period. This grace  period is essential to low-income households that are barely making  ends meet. By reducing the current grace period, Republicans are  exposing thousands of families to risk due to a lack of health  coverage. It is frankly disgraceful that we would even consider  undermining these important public health programs in such a manner.   Mr. Speaker, CHIP, CHCs, the National Health Service Corps, and other  programs funded under this measure are vitally important to our nation  and the public health of our citizens. As the first registered nurse  elected to Congress, I understand the critical need for proper long- term funding of our public health centers and programs. However, these  cuts to the Prevention and Public Health Fund represent a purely  political move by the GOP to undermine the ACA. I oppose this  controversial offset, not my support for health centers across America.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this measure so that we can find offsets  driven by policy, not politics, in order to sufficiently fund our  health centers and promote public health for all.   