 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Oregon for  his words.   I rise today to give voice to the concerns I am hearing from so many  people in my State and across the country about this repeal bill.   First, I want to recognize my colleague from Hawaii, Senator Hirono,  who spoke earlier tonight about her personal battle with kidney cancer,  as she is an example to all of us of determination and grit when the  going gets tough. She not only is going to the hospital for surgery  tomorrow--which isn't an easy surgery--but she decided she wanted to  spend the night before she went into the hospital here because she is  so passionate about this issue.   I know she is going to fight this disease and win and come out  stronger than ever. I have been so moved by how she has taken on her  personal fight against cancer at the same time that she has kept this  fight going in the Senate. She is doing it not just for herself or for  her State but for people all over the country.   As Senator Hirono has said, her experience shows how quickly a  routine visit to the doctor can turn into a serious diagnosis--a  diagnosis that becomes a preexisting condition.   Everyone who faces a serious illness, no matter who they are, should  be able to focus all of their energy on getting better, not on how they  are going to pay their medical bills. Unfortunately, the bill we are  considering doesn't allow everyone to do that.   As the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office noted earlier today,  this bill could mean the return of annual or lifetime limits on what  insurance would cover for people with expensive conditions like cancer  or Alzheimer's, and some key healthcare benefits might be excluded from  insurance coverage altogether.   It is no surprise that the Minnesota Hospital Association has said  that this proposal ``creates a lot of chaos.''   I was just at Northfield Hospital this weekend. It is a college town,  but it is in the middle of a very rural part of our State, with a lot  of farms surrounding it. In fact, they call the town ``Cows, Colleges,  and Contentment.'' In that town and in that hospital, there wasn't a  lot of contentment during my visit.   The CEO of the hospital told me that he was worried that this bill  could drive more of his patients to bankruptcy. I met with a number of  people who were on the board and work at the hospital, and they were  all very concerned about what the bill would mean.   This did not mean that they didn't want to see changes to the  Affordable Care Act. They do. They see the issues with premiums in our  State. That is why our Republican legislature worked with our  Democratic Governor to pass a bill for reinsurance, to try to use  something to leverage the risk for the people in the exchange. We could  do something similar on the Federal level, and we should, but that is  not what this bill is about.   The head of another hospital in my State said: ``They are shortening  up the money, but they're not giving us the ability to manage the  care.''   A Minnesota seniors organization said that this bill ``feels like  we're pulling the rug out from underneath families and seniors.'' That  is why AARP strongly opposes the bill as well.   According to the CBO report that we got today, this bill would cause  22 million people to lose their coverage over the next 10 years--22  million people. On Friday, my Republican colleague Senator Heller said  that he ``cannot support a piece of legislation that takes insurance  away from tens of millions of Americans.'' I agree.   I hope our Republican colleagues will come to the negotiating table  in a bipartisan way. I hope this administration will not sabotage the  bill that we have now and will work with States like mine that want a  waiver to be able to do the kind of cost sharing and the reinsurance  that I just described. During that time, we can work together to  actually make healthcare in America better and more affordable.   We need to think about the real and devastating impacts on people's  lives that this piece of legislation would have because that is what  this debate is about. It is not about all of us going back and forth  and citing facts and figures. In the end, it is about how this will  affect people.   It is about the lives of people like the mom in Minnesota who has a  child with Down syndrome. She told me how she has seen Medicaid help  parents of kids with disabilities avoid bankruptcy and how it helps  school districts pay for the therapy children like hers need. She said  that this bill is ``unconscionable''--that is her word--because of what  it would do to adults and kids who have disabilities.   We have more than half a million children in Minnesota who rely on  Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program. This includes  kids like the students of a retired teacher from Northwestern  Minnesota, right across from the North Dakota border. The teacher wrote  in, saying that the bill is ``cruel and mean,'' especially for the  families of special needs students.    A lot of us have talked about how the President called the House bill  mean and how we hoped to avoid a bill like  [[Page S3753]]  this in the Senate. In fact, this last weekend, he did admit that he  had called the House bill mean after he had celebrated its passage.  That is behind us.   The President is the one who is known for speaking his mind and  speaking directly. He didn't need a poll or a focus group or an  accountant to look at the House bill. He just called it what it was-- mean.   In Minnesota, people don't mince words either, and that is why that  teacher told me exactly what the impact of this Senate bill would be.  In fact, today the Congressional Budget Office--the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office--confirmed it earlier today with its  estimate that millions of people, 22 million people, would lose their  Medicaid coverage because of the bill.   Our debate today is about the lives of people like the retiree with  Parkinson's in Minneapolis, who told me she is ``scared and worried.''  She is not just worried about the cuts to Medicaid but also about  depleting the Medicare trust fund to pay for tax cuts for the very  wealthy. As she told me, the future of these vital programs that so  many Americans depend on is on the line.   This healthcare bill is also about the people who are worried about  taking care of their baby boomer parents at the same time that they are  caring for their children. One woman told me about her mom, who died 2  years ago at 95 after suffering from dementia for more than 20 years.  She had worked her whole life, but as she got older, she couldn't  afford the nursing care she needed so much. Luckily, she was able to  rely on Medicaid to pay for it.   More than half--54 percent--of nursing facility residents in  Minnesota rely on Medicaid. I think when this House bill first came  out, people thought, well, Medicaid--what does that have to do with my  life? Then they started talking to their parents, their grandparents or  they started talking to their neighbors, and that is when they  realized, whoa, over 50 percent of people who go into assisted living  and nursing homes end up relying on Medicaid.   This woman's daughter told me she is worried that this bill's cuts  would put those vital services for seniors at risk for so many other  parents and their kids. And even for older people who don't use  Medicare or Medicaid, this bill could put health coverage out of reach.  That is because it has an age tax for seniors, allowing older people to  be charged five times as much as younger people for insurance. As AARP  has said, that is just not right.   These are the concerns I have heard from seniors and their families  in Minnesota. They are shared by people across the country, especially  by people in our rural areas, where they tend to have a little older  population. One reason for that is because the Senate bill, actually  more than the House bill when it comes to Medicaid, makes even deeper  cuts over the long term that will hurt seniors and rural hospitals  along with children, people with disabilities, and people suffering  from opioid addiction.   We actually have a strong bipartisan group working on the opioid  addiction problem. Four of us--two Democrats, two Republicans--were the  chief authors of the bill that passed last year, which set the  framework for the Nation. We then put billions of dollars into  treatment last year, and we shouldn't blow it up now by passing a bill  that, because of the Medicaid cuts, would--in my State, one-third of  the people who get opioid addiction treatment get it from Medicaid.  Actually, it would be moving ourselves backward.   I know my colleagues Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski have  expressed real concerns about these kinds of Medicaid cuts in their  States of Maine and Alaska, which also have big rural populations.   In my State, Medicaid covers one-fifth of our total rural population,  about 20 percent of our rural population. These cuts could cause the  rural hospitals that serve this population to close. This doesn't just  threaten healthcare coverage; it threatens the entire local economy.  That is a big deal for rural hospitals, which often have operating  margins of less than 1 percent. These rural hospitals are on the  frontlines of the opioid epidemic that is hitting communities across  the country.   In my State, deaths from prescription drugs now claim more lives than  homicides. They claim more lives than car crashes. While there is more  work to do to combat the epidemic, I want to recognize our progress.  Yes, we passed the blueprint bill, which I just mentioned, with the  help of Senators Portman, Whitehouse, and Ayotte. Unfortunately, we are  moving ourselves backward.   Medicaid expansion has helped 1.3 million people receive treatment  for mental and substance abuse across the country. I know this bill's  cuts to these important services for people struggling with addiction  have real concerns in States like West Virginia and States like Ohio.   The problems with this bill, of course, go beyond Medicaid cuts, as a  mom from Belgrade, MN, told me when she wrote about her daughter who  died way too young from cancer. She asked me to oppose this bill in  honor of her daughter and the thousands of other children diagnosed  with cancer each year. She is worried that the waivers in this  legislation would undercut protections for people with preexisting  conditions, threatening to make health insurance unaffordable for  families like hers who have children or children with cancer.   One man from Minneapolis told me that what this does is ``downright  scary.'' Those were his words. He is scared because he is self- employed. He has a preexisting condition, and he gets his insurance on  the individual market. He is worried that under this bill, his costs-- which are already high--would skyrocket.   I am the first to say that we need to fix the individual market. In  fact, I started out by talking about the fact that we have done some  work in our State, and I would like to bring that out nationally. This  bill is not the way to do it because--as the CBO said earlier today--it  would actually cut assistance and increase deductibles for many people  on the individual market. Based on CBO's projections, the Joint  Economic Committee estimates that average premiums in Minnesota would  go up substantially next year, even more than they have gone up  already.   People across the country are making their voices heard about these  types of problems. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation poll that  came out just last week, only 30 percent of Americans had a favorable  view of the House bill, and these concerns go across party lines. Only  about half of Republicans--56 percent--supported the House bill.   I know this bill has some differences from the House version, but as  Speaker Ryan said last week, the two are very similar. I hope that  hearing from Americans on both sides of the aisle prompts my colleagues  to start working together to make our system better in a bipartisan  way.   Here are some ideas. I would love to include, if we worked on a  bipartisan basis together, not only the work that needs to be done on  the individual market, but on the exchanges, on the rates, and for  small businesses. But I would also like to work on prescription drugs.  I have a bill that would harness the negotiating power of 41 million  seniors on Medicare to bring drug prices down. We have a number of  Senators on the bill. Right now, Medicare is absolutely banned from  negotiating with 41 million seniors. That is just wrong. Our seniors  should be able to use their market power to negotiate.   I would also love to see more competition in this market. There are  several ways we can do it. One is by bringing in less expensive drugs  from other countries when we have drug shortages now in this country.  Senator Collins and I worked on this, and the bill passed this Senate  and got signed into law. Now the Secretary of Human Services can  actually bring in drugs that are safe from other countries when we have  a drug shortage. We refined some of the language where the rules  already allowed the Secretary to do that. They could do the same thing  right now, but we can make it even more clear if this Congress got  behind it.   Senator McCain and I have a bill to bring in less expensive drugs  from Canada, which is very similar to the American market. We have a  provision in the bill so they would be safe. Many people in my State  are doing this now. We once had bus rides of seniors going up there to  get less expensive drugs. We could do it with other countries, as  [[Page S3754]]  well, as long as they were certified as safe. For one of the ways you  could do it, Senator Lee and I have a bill that looks at this. Again,  this a bipartisan bill. If you have less competition in the market and  you have less competitors, that would trigger the ability to bring in  more drugs. You could do it based on the price. If it goes up high and  the Secretary or someone else that we could put in that place finds  that it is not because of input costs, you could allow this competition  to come in from other countries. It would be a trigger. I would bet you  right now that if you did that, it would create incentives on American  drug companies not to jack up the prices like they have been doing.   The top 10 selling drugs in America have gone up over 100 percent.  Things like insulin are up three times. Things like naloxone, which we  rely on for overdoses from opiates, have gone up astronomically. It  feels like when these drug companies get a monopoly in their lap, they  go for it. That is what is happening.   A second way to bring in competition is by encouraging more generics.  Senator Grassley and I have a bill to stop something called ``pay for  delay.'' This is unbelievable to me, when I describe this to people-- that big pharmaceutical companies are actually paying generic companies  to keep their products off the market. The nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office has found that this would save something like $3 billion  over a number of years if we passed our bill. That is for the  government and taxpayers, but you could save an equal amount of money  for consumers who are paying for this in premiums. How could you ever  explain that pharmaceuticals are actually paying generics to keep their  products off the market? That is a vote I would like this Senate to  take. I would like to challenge anyone to explain why they would vote  against that.   We also have another bill called the CREATES Act, with Senators  Grassley, Leahy, Lee, and me, which makes it easier to get generics to  market by sampling and other things.   These are just a few of the examples of bills that I think would be  very good if we would consider them, but so far, we have done nothing.  We banned seniors from negotiating. There is nothing in the House or  the Senate repeal bills that does anything about these pharma issues.  Again, that is one reason alone to be concerned about these bills.   I was at that baseball game a few weeks ago and saw firsthand that  incredible bipartisan spirit, and at the women's softball game, as  well. At the men's baseball game, the players played together, and, at  the end of the game, when one team won--the Democratic team--they took  their trophy and they gave it to the Republican team, and they asked  them to put it in Representative Scalise's office. That is what we need  to see more of--not just two teams but one team. Certainly, on an issue  as complex as healthcare, we just can't be playing in our separate  ballparks. This is the time to come together. We have changes that we  must make to the Affordable Care Act. I said that the day it passed-- that it was a beginning and not an end.   I always thought it was unfortunate that it was more of a Democratic  bill than it was a bipartisan bill. So we have an opportunity now to  fix that, to make fixes to the bill, and to work together. But this  bill is not the answer--this bill that we were not allowed to take part  in, where the doors were closed, not only to Democratic Senators but to  Americans themselves.   So I hope, as we go forward, that our colleagues on the other side  will work with us on a truly bipartisan bill that would make some of  the changes we need to bring down healthcare costs, instead of moving  forward with this bill.   I yield the floor.   