 I thank the gentleman from Maryland and the  gentlewoman from Washington State for hosting this very important  Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my outrage over Donald Trump's  unconscionable, ill-conceived, horribly executed and implemented  executive order that limits Muslim immigration and travel into the  United States.   This order is an appalling affront to American interests. It is  contrary to our ideals and values as a nation, and it flies in the face  of our history and the core conviction of freedom from religious  persecution that this Nation was built upon. It provides the fuel to  our enemies and makes a mockery of our democracy and Constitution. Most  importantly, it tears families apart by prohibiting people with valid  travel documents from entering the country.   I saw this firsthand on Saturday when I visited JFK International  Airport to witness the needless chaos and confusion that this order has  created. One person who lives in my district who has been affected by  this order is Dr. Kamal Fadlalla. Dr. Fadlalla is a Sudanese hospital  resident in Brooklyn, New York. He is trained to save lives, not to  take them. Yet, due to Donald Trump's egregious executive order, Dr.  Fadlalla has been prevented from returning back to the United States to  help heal our sick and save lives.   There is no justification for this shameful order, and it is no  wonder that the Acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, risked her job  and reputation rather than act as Donald Trump's enforcer. I commend  Ms. Yates for her personal integrity and fidelity to our Constitution.  Ironically enough, during her confirmation hearing, it was Donald  Trump's own nominee for Attorney General who suggested that Ms. Yates  maintain the integrity of the Department of Justice at all times and  that she must refuse to enforce orders that were unconstitutional. This  week, Ms. Yates made good on her answer to Senator Sessions and upheld  her oath to faithfully uphold our Constitution.   For these reasons, I will proudly introduce a resolution that  commends Ms. Yates for her act of moral courage and for her adherence  to the dictates of the United States Constitution. I call on all of my  colleagues to sign on to this resolution and for House leadership to  schedule a vote to commend Ms. Yates. Most importantly, though, I call  on Donald Trump to rescind this egregious order that harms our economy,  that contravenes our values, and that endangers our national security.   I thank the gentleman and gentlewoman for yielding.   