 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be with you  today.   First of all, I want to celebrate Jeannette Rankin also as being the  first woman in Congress.   Today I am going to talk about someone who was my role model, one of  my favorites, Bella Abzug.   Bella Abzug was a leading liberal activist and politician. She lived  from 1920 to 1998, and was especially known for her work with women's  rights. After graduating from Columbia University Law School, she  became involved in the antinuclear and peace movements. In the 1960s,  she helped organize the Women Strike for Peace and the National Women's  Political Caucus.   I just want to say that I feel like that is how I got my start in  political activism, was in the antiwar marches in the 1960s at Boston  University.   Mrs. Abzug won a seat in the United States House of Representatives,  where she advocated for women's rights and withdrawal from the Vietnam  war. And even after leaving office, she continued to work on many  causes, including the establishment of the Women's Environment and  Development Organization.   Incidentally, I know we have a lot of Harvard lawyers in this  Congress, but she was rejected because of her gender. But kudos to  Columbia because they got her.   She was known for her hats and her big voice, and she really left a  mark for many of us.   Representative Brooks, I am happy to be with you here today. I think  there are a lot of women today who are feeling nervous or anxious  because of political situations, but someone like Bella Abzug gives us  inspiration that you can have a big voice, you can be a community  activist, and you can make a difference in life.   I am going to leave you with her quote. She said of herself:   ``I've been described as a tough and noisy woman, a prizefighter, a  man-hater, you name it. There are some who say I'm impatient, uppity,  rude, profane, brash and overbearing''--oh, my goodness, I think I am  talking about the whole Women's Caucus here--``but whatever I am--and  this ought to be made very clear at the outset--I am a very serious  woman.''   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank another very serious woman. It has been  a pleasure to be with you and to honor the women who came before us and  led the pathway.   