 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman and  ranking member of the Financial Services Committee for this very  important Special Order and for her incredible work in assuring justice  in our country on so many, many fronts.   Madam Speaker, I rise tonight because of deep concern regarding our  Republican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee who are attempting to  kick the legs out from under Special Counsel Robert Mueller's  investigation into Russia's meddling in our elections last year.   Yes, they called Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to testify on  whether bias has tainted that investigation.   You know what is interesting about this?   All of the intelligence agencies of our country agree that there was  more than meddling in last year's elections.   I actually pray for Robert Mueller every night because what the  involvement of Russia in our elections has meant, you know, that's not  a country that really welcomes debate and open conversation. They kill  their enemies.   Robert Mueller is going to get at the very core of what Russia is  doing not just in our country, but what it will instruct us Russia is  doing in Europe and many other places around the world.   I listened to some of our colleagues on the Judiciary Committee  today, and I just want to put this on the record: Robert Mueller has  given his life to this country through his entire years of service.   I have never personally sat to dinner with this man or I don't think  I have even shaken his hand, but I admire him for his true patriotism.   I watched some of the individuals on the Judiciary Committee today  and wondered if they knew that he had been in the Marine Corps during  Vietnam. He actually rose to the level of captain. He was awarded the  Bronze Star Medal with the Combat V for victory. He is the recipient of  the Purple Heart. He was a Navy and Marine Corps captain and got the  Commendation Medal for his valor in combat.   How many of those individuals questioning his integrity can even  compare to that with their little fingernail?   Combat Action Ribbon, Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross. That was  his early career.   As an attorney, he went into service to our country as an assistant  U.S. district attorney on one coast, and then on the other coast as  U.S. district attorney.   He is very evenhanded, and he worked his way up then in the Justice  Department, rising to the level of Deputy Attorney General. He had been  an Assistant Attorney General. His entire life has been spent in  dangerous jobs.   To take on Russia, you put your own life in someone else's hands,  actually. I can read a list--but I won't tonight--of all of the leaders  and rising leaders of countries that wish to be free that Russia has  summarily killed, for which there is no justice.   Madam Speaker, I rise somewhat out of outrage tonight listening to  some of our colleagues here who demanded that we disband Special  Counsel Mueller's investigation. Counsel Mueller is a Republican. I  should not like him for that reason, right, because I am a Democrat?  But I know there is something bigger to him, and that is defending the  American people against all enemies, foreign and domestic. He has put  his life on the line since he was a teenager for this country.   Our country was founded on the principle of equality under the law.  Our democracy, in the safeguarding of those principles, depends on  genuine free elections. Not only must we pass laws here that assure  that, but they have to be enforced.   We have to unequivocally confirm the truth behind the extent of  Russian meddling in our election. That is what we need. We know they  did. Now we want to know every piece of it.   How did they hack those voting machines? How did they use special ads  that appeared around the country targeted to special audiences?   We have to restore the faith of the American people in their very  vote in order to maintain this democratic republic.   Throughout his career, Special Counsel Mueller has proven himself  time and time and time and time again to be a man of integrity.   I might say, this comes from a woman who tried to become an FBI agent  when she was in college and was rejected not because she didn't have  the academic abilities, but because in those days they didn't admit  women to the FBI. Times have changed a lot, but I know that Robert  Mueller is the best that America has.   Due process is one of the most carefully guarded of our  constitutional protections, and we must see this investigation through  to its ultimate end.   There can be no chicken hawks in this House or those who point  fingers whose careers do not demonstrate the kind of patriotism Robert  Mueller has demonstrated throughout his career.   Madam Speaker, I was actually shocked at how the questioning went  this afternoon without the kind of respect and understanding of what it  takes to preserve a republic that is free and independent of outside  meddling.   I want to thank the gentlewoman for allowing me to speak. I am  embarrassed at some of the questions that the Republican majority has  been hammering over in the Judiciary Committee and some of the other  committees as the investigation intensifies and becomes more complete.  The American people have a right to know.   I guess the question every American has to ask: In whose hands would  you place your life? A man who has served this country, who is now, I  believe, 73 years old--over 70 years old?   He has proved everything, but he has proven also that he has been a  total patriot.   I would ask the same of those who so frivolously waste their words in  efforts to try to suppress an investigation that we know is essential  to the preservation of our vote and our freedoms.   