 Mr. President, today we finally got a look at the  monstrosity of a bill that the Republicans have been hiding behind  closed doors for weeks. Yes, it is finally clear how the Republicans  were spending their time, locked in those back rooms.   Now we know the truth. Senate Republicans weren't making the House  bill better--no, not one bit. Instead, they were sitting around a  conference room table, dreaming up even meaner ways to kick dirt in the  face of American people and take away their health insurance.   Remember, the Senate Republicans worked for weeks on this new bill.  They worked really, really hard on it. It is pretty clear now exactly  who they were working for. This bill has one flashing neon sign after  another telling us who the Republican Party cares about, and it is not  American families.   The Senate bill is crammed full with just as many tax cuts as the  House bill--tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires, tax cuts for  wealthy investors, and tax cuts for giant companies. All those tax cuts  don't come cheap. They start to add up after a while.   Senate Republicans had to make a choice--how to pay for all those  juicy tax cuts for their rich buddies. I will tell you how: blood  money.   Senate Republicans wrung some extra dollars out of kicking people off  the tax credits that help them afford health insurance. They raked in  extra cash by letting States drop even more protections and benefits,  like maternity care or prescription drug coverage or mental health  treatment.   Then they got to the real piggy bank, Medicaid, and here they just  went wild. Senate Republicans went after Medicaid with even deeper cuts  than the House version--the Medicaid expansion gone, ripped up, and  flushed down the toilet. The rest of the Medicaid Program? For Senate  Republicans, it wasn't enough that the House bill was going to toss  grandparents out of nursing homes or slash funding for people with  disabilities or pull the plug on healthcare for babies born too soon.  Senate Republicans wanted to go bigger.   The Republican bill claims to protect kids with disabilities by  leaving them out of the calculations that decide how big the Medicaid  cuts will be in each State. I don't know if the Republicans were  expecting a round of applause for pitting kids with breathing tubes  against vulnerable seniors or someone needing treatment for addiction,  but I do know this so-called exemption will not do a thing to help  these kids. The Republican cuts still slash hundreds of billions of  dollars for Medicaid, leaving States with no choice--no choice but to  cut services that kids with disabilities desperately need.   Medicaid is the program in this country that provides health  insurance to 1 in 5 Americans, to 30 million kids, to nearly 2 out of  every 3 people in a nursing home. These cuts are blood money. People  will die. Let's be very clear: Senate Republicans are paying for tax  cuts for the wealthy with American lives.   Think about what would happen if the Republican bill becomes law next  week. Picture a woman in her eighties who lives at home. She is shaky  on her feet. She needs help preparing her meals or taking a bath, but  her only income is her Social Security check. Right now, Medicaid helps  pay for home and community-based services so she can stay in her home,  someone who comes by to help for a few hours a week. Because of that  help, she gets to stay home, to live independently. The Republicans are  determined to cut taxes for millionaires and billionaires, so their  healthcare plan cuts Medicaid money that helps millions of seniors stay  in their homes.   Without these services, this elderly woman can't live alone. Where  does she turn? The usual answer would be a nursing home. Wait. Medicaid  pays for most nursing home care in this country. The Republicans are  determined to cut taxes for millionaires and billionaires, so they have  cut Medicaid funding so much that there is no help for this woman at  home and no nursing home bed for her either.   What does she do? She stays home without help. She can't climb the  stairs anymore. Her world shrinks. Eventually, most likely, she falls  and ends up in the hospital. The care is expensive, and she is  miserable.   Finally, let's say the hospital gets her back on her feet, but there  is nowhere for her to go when she is discharged. She heads back home to  wait for the next fall, maybe the one that will be fatal.   In their determination to cut taxes for the rich, is this what  Republicans have planned for frail seniors in our country? Wait until  they are all used up and then leave them out at the curb for the next  trash pickup?   It isn't just seniors who will be hit hard. How about a premature  baby born with lung defects? His parents both have full-time jobs, but  no matter how hard they work, no matter how many hours they put in,  they will never be able to pay for the millions of dollars in  surgeries, equipment, medicine, and therapy that their child  [[Page S3710]]  needs. Right now, Medicaid makes sure that kids with complex medical  needs have coverage for feeding tubes and medication and surgery and  physical therapy.   Senate Republicans were so determined to offer tax breaks for the  rich that they have taken away this baby's Medicaid. What happens next?  Maybe the parents try their best, but they can't pay. Maybe they try a  Kickstarter campaign, but it is not going to bring in enough to cover  the medical bills. They take out a second mortgage, and then they go  bankrupt and lose their home.   Is that the Republican plan for this family--go live in a homeless  shelter with your little baby, whose only crime was to be born 14 weeks  early?   Senate Republicans can wave their hands and say that everyone will be  fine, but it is time for the rest of us to take a long, hard look at  exactly what would happen to the people who have to live with the  Republicans' reckless cuts.   Senate Republicans know exactly what they are doing with this  healthcare bill. Their values are on full display. If they want to  trade the health insurance of millions of Americans for tax cuts for  the rich, they better be ready for a fight because now that this  shameful bill is out in the open, that is exactly what they are going  to get.   I yield my time.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of  the floor be granted to Stephanie DeLuca of my staff and to her service  dog Carra.   