 Mr. President, I come today to speak out in opposition  of this misguided effort to overturn the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau's arbitration rule, which protects the rights of consumers and  protects our brave servicemembers and veterans from being taken  advantage of by unscrupulous financial institutions.   It was only a couple of weeks ago that we had the CEO of Equifax here  on Capitol Hill, testifying about how his company had failed to protect  Americans' private financial information and put more than 140 million  consumers at risk of fraud or worse. That wasn't too long after we had  the CEO of Wells Fargo here, testifying about how his company had  defrauded millions of consumers by forcing them into accounts and fees  they had never signed up for and, certainly, had not agreed to.   The American people were outraged by these scandals, and with good  reason. Both of these companies had committed serious wrongdoings, and  they admitted it. But that still didn't stop either from trying to  shield themselves from the legal liability their own actions had  risked.   Both of these companies tried to prevent the people they had taken  advantage of from holding them accountable in court by using what is  known as forced arbitration clauses. They thought--and it seems they  were right--that if they could stop people from suing them for their  wrongdoing and, instead, force them into private arbitration that  heavily favored megabusinesses at the expense of consumers, they would  have a better shot at saving money for their company. They didn't care  about consumer rights or even justice. They just wanted to make as much  money as they could--legally or illegally--and then get out of Dodge as  cleanly as possible.   But because the American people were so outraged by these scandals,  we noticed what they were trying to do. The actions of both companies  caused an uproar that ultimately led them to back down and ensure that  American consumers didn't have to give up their right to a day in court  just for doing business with these companies. Those sorts of forced  arbitration clauses were exactly what the CFPB was trying to stop when  it implemented the rule my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  are trying to repeal tonight. Wells Fargo's and Equifax's attempts to  force consumers into mandatory arbitration clauses should have been a  lesson, but I guess those working to reverse this rule here tonight  didn't learn it.   It is common to hear stories throughout my State of Illinois--and  throughout the military community--of servicemembers being taken  advantage of through predatory loans, scams, abuses, and fraud. That is  because Active-Duty servicemembers are particularly vulnerable  consumers, especially when they are deployed. They get a guaranteed  paycheck, but they also have limited time to read their credit card  statements and keep up with security breaches to see if their  identities have been stolen. They are too busy carrying out their  mission.   Servicemembers are also frequently on the move between deployments  and base relocations, often separated from their spouses and their  families for long periods of time. Despite that, they still need to  wire money when emergencies happen. They still need to pay bills, and  their focus isn't always on whether a loan they took out has hidden  fees or if a company is charging them a higher rate than they are  supposed to. What they are focused on, and rightly so, is carrying out  their mission, often in places like Afghanistan.   Corporations and scam artists know this, and they take advantage of  it. The CFPB's forced arbitration rule could help protect our  servicemembers from this sort of abuse. It seems that a few of my  colleagues want to make it harder for military families to get by, and  that is a shame.   Abusive corporate practices, left unchecked, not only cause  incredible financial difficulty for servicemembers and their families,  but they also have national security implications, directly impacting  military readiness. In the military, bad credit can affect your  security clearance and advancement. When the DOD loses qualified  servicemembers because of financial instability, they also lose mission  capability and the significant investments made in that person's  training. This is an expensive loss. DOD estimates that each separation  from service costs taxpayers more than $57,000.   Corporate abuse also causes personal difficulties. When someone is  deployed, the last thing they should have to worry about is whether  their house is going to be foreclosed on or their car is going to be  repossessed because they were a victim of a scam. When they are going  to battle or heading out on a mission, the last thing our troops should  be thinking about is how a company took advantage of the fact that they  were out of the country--and how there is so very little they can do  about it   Unfortunately, this isn't a hypothetical issue. Servicemembers get  taken advantage of all the time, and we have seen countless times how  their ability to file lawsuits holds bad actors accountable. Not too  long ago, the banks Santander and Wells Fargo paid tens of millions to  resolve lawsuits that were filed because they were illegally  repossessing servicemembers' cars. JPMorgan Chase paid $27 million to  settle a lawsuit from servicemembers who were being overcharged for  mortgages. And student loan servicer  [[Page S6751]]  Navient paid 78,000 servicemembers $60 million after overcharging them  on their student loans. In each of these instances, servicemembers,  sometimes with the help of government, filed a lawsuit to get relief  and hold these financial actors accountable. When companies force our  servicemembers--or any consumer--into arbitration, military families  lose the right to hold wrongdoers accountable.   That is what happened to Archie Hudson, a disabled veteran, father of  two, and husband from Waynesboro, MS. A few years ago, Archie requested  a loan from Wells Fargo to replace his home's windows. Instead, he  received a Wells Fargo credit card along with sky-high interest rates  and a forced arbitration clause hidden in the fine print. He didn't  realize it at the time, like the millions of others that Wells Fargo  scammed, but it ultimately helped to ruin his credit. When Archie tried  to get his day in court, he was, instead, forced into an arbitration  proceeding that favors lenders over consumers. He is not alone. The  vast majority of people who have been forced into arbitration could  tell you that the system is rigged.   When the CFPB first looked into this issue, they found that when  consumers file an arbitration claim against a company that takes  advantage of them, they have to pay an average of $161 in filing fees,  and they almost always lose.   Companies, on the other hand, won a whopping 91 percent of the time  that they go into arbitration against consumers. On average, the  consumer then had to pay $7,725 in damages to further pad corporate  profits.   Banks sometimes try to defend these clauses by saying that the  reduced legal liability helps them reduce costs for consumers, but  there is absolutely no evidence that is true. In fact, when companies  have added these forced arbitration clauses in the past, the evidence  suggests that they never reduce costs for consumers. These clauses  simply mean bigger profit margins for those banks that break the law.   There is a reason so many military veterans service organizations  like the American Legion, the Air Force Association, the Marine Corps  League, the National Guard Association, the Vietnam Veterans of  America, and groups like the AARP oppose this effort. Remember,  arbitration isn't about saving lawyers' fees or decreasing costs to  consumers. It is there to protect the interests of banks over  consumers.   Look, I am not naive. I get that companies--especially banks--are in  the business of making money. It makes sense that they would want to  force all their customers into arbitration because that saves them  money. But why on Earth would my colleagues in the Senate go along and  help them rob servicemembers and consumers of their rights to go to  court? Why would we allow bad actors to get off scot-free?   If they believe that our servicemembers are unfairly getting rich off  suing companies that wrong them, they should say that. If they believe  companies that break the law should be shielded from having to answer  for their illegal actions in court, they should say that. We shouldn't  let them hide behind cutting regulations. I am all for cutting needless  redtape, but the arbitration rule is an example of a regulation that  actually helps Americans. It helps our servicemembers and our military  families.   A vote to overturn the arbitration rule is a vote against our  military and against those who wake up every single day to serve and  protect the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth.   Thank you.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   