 Mr. Chair, as a mother, a breast cancer  survivor, and a proud Floridian, I rise today in strong opposition to  the majority's irresponsible efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  The facts speak for themselves:   20 million Americans, including more than a million and a half  Floridians, have obtained quality, affordable health care since the ACA  became law.   129 million Americans, who, like me, have preexisting conditions, can  no longer be discriminated against by their health insurance company.   Our Nation's young adults now rest easy that they can stay on their  parents' insurance until they are 26.   Allow me to remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that  we are elected to help Americans, not hurt Americans. Make no mistake,  repealing the ACA will not only rip health care away from millions of  Americans who have ObamaCare, but we owe it to the 155 million  Americans with employer-based coverage to maintain the prohibition  against annual and lifetime limits.   Before the ACA, 105 million Americans, most of them with employer  coverage, had a lifetime limit on their insurance policy. The ACA  prohibits annual and lifetime limits on policies.   We owe it to our seniors to stop the repeal of key new Medicare  benefits. Repeal of these lifesaving provisions would actually increase  prescription drug costs for millions of seniors in the doughnut hole  who are currently saving more than $2,000 on their drugs due to the ACA  by reopening the gap in Medicare part D coverage.   In addition, since enactment of the ACA, the solvency of the Medicare  trust fund has been extended by 11 years. And we owe it to the 129  million Americans like me with preexisting conditions, such as breast  cancer survivors, to stop repeal so they cannot be dropped or denied  coverage or charged an exorbitant premium by their insurance company.   As a cancer survivor, I am also appalled that the Republican plan--or  lack of a plan--would increase out-of-pocket costs for every patient by  requiring them once again to pay for preventative services like cancer  screenings.   Mr. Chairman, the assault on the well-being of our constituents is an  outrage, and we will not take it lying down. We will fight tooth and  nail for the established right of all Americans to have quality,  affordable healthcare coverage and not return to the days when it was  available only as a privilege to those who could afford it or who were  fortunate enough not to have a preexisting condition.    