 Mr. President, I have come to the floor to speak this  evening in support of the confirmation of David Bernhardt to be Deputy  Secretary of the Department of the Interior.   The Deputy Secretary is the department's COO, or chief operating  officer. This is the individual who holds the position to really  execute the strategy and oversee the initiatives that are undertaken by  thousands of employees as they carry out their statutory duties and the  administration's agenda. It is a very key position.   I believe very strongly that Secretary Zinke has chosen a strong  individual for this position of Deputy Secretary. Mr. Bernhardt is a  fellow westerner. He comes from the small town of Rifle, CO. He  understands the management of Federal lands and how it affects those  who live near them, the implications of Federal policies, and the need  for balance between conservation and development.   David is an avid sportsman. He likes to hunt. He likes to fish. He  likes to get outside and enjoy the outdoors.   Mr. Bernhardt also has extensive experience at the Department of the  Interior. He previously spent several years as its solicitor, and this  is a position for which he was confirmed by this Senate Chamber by  voice vote. So he has gone through this process before and was endorsed  strongly at the time.   Throughout his time at the Department of the Interior, Mr. Bernhardt  gained expertise about a range of Alaska and western issues. He also  has a strong reputation as a manager which, of course, is critical for  a Deputy Secretary.   Mr. Bernhardt's nomination is supported by dozens of Members of this  Chamber and by dozens of stakeholder groups. He has been endorsed by a  broad coalition of sportsmen's groups as well, including Ducks  Unlimited, the Safari Club, and the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation  Partnership. The Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, the  National Water Resources Association, the Family Farm Alliance, NCAI,  or the National Conference of American Indians, and the Southern Ute  Indian Tribe are just a few more that have weighed in favorably on his  behalf.   Mr. Bernhardt also fared well throughout the confirmation process,  proving again that he is a good choice for this role. We held a hearing  on his nomination on May 18. We reported him favorably from the Energy  and Natural Resources Committee with bipartisan support. We moved that  out on June 4. So we have had about 6 weeks now where others have had  an opportunity to review him and review his credentials. It is  unfortunate that he has had to wait 6 weeks. I know that Secretary  Zinke is anxious to put him to work. He is now ready this evening to be  confirmed by the full Senate.   I would like to thank David Bernhardt for his willingness to return  to Federal service. I think he will be a very capable second-in-command  for Secretary Zinke, helping to steer the Department in a positive  direction. Alaskans, especially this one, are looking forward to  working with him.   I urge my colleagues to support Mr. Bernhardt's confirmation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges  of the floor be granted to my second-session summer interns Kasey  Casort, Hannah McCue, Jesse Oney, Ronald Meehan, Dawson Verley, Evan  Ipock, Samantha Warner, Kobe Rizk, Brian Dusek, Madeline Ko, Aimee  Bushnell, and Fatos Redzepi for the remainder of their session in  August.   