 Madam Speaker, I thank our wonderful colleague from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying  legislation, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question  so that this bill that I have authored, the Presidential Tax  Transparency Act, can be made in order for immediate floor debate and a  vote.   Now, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act would require the  President and future Presidential nominees of both parties to disclose  their tax returns. Many Americans took for granted that this was  covered by law, but what we have had is a decades-long tradition of  voluntary disclosure by both Republican and Democratic nominees for the  Presidency.   For the first time since the immediate post-Watergate era, candidate  Trump and now President Trump has refused to release his tax returns to  the public. Those who seek or hold the most powerful office in the  world should be held to the highest standard of transparency to ensure  the best interests of the American people are met.   Tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure because they  contain highly instructive information, including whether the candidate  paid any taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom,  whether they have made charitable donations, and whether they have  taken advantage of tax loopholes or offshore tax shelters.   The President and his spokesperson have both recently said that he  will not release his tax returns because the American people ``don't  care.'' I beg to differ. The top petition on the Web site of the White  House calls for the release of the President's tax returns with over  300,000 signatures already on it. A Washington Post-ABC News poll  released last week found that 74 percent of the American people,  including 53 percent of whom are Republicans, believe the President  should release his tax returns. We want a President free of conflicts  of interest.   For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to reject the previous  question and to vote for the Presidential Tax Transparency Act.   