 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   For me, this morning, July 28, could be the beginning of a new spirit  in the House of Representatives because of what happened last night in  the Senate. Since we are talking about healthcare for veterans, I want  to just take a moment to talk about healthcare for all Americans.   Last night, we saw a remarkable thing happen. We have had a poisonous  atmosphere around healthcare in the United States for the past 7 years.  We are the last industrial country on the planet to provide healthcare  for the people who count on us for that kind of help and support. We  can now give that up.   I hope we can take the majority leader at his word that he sees no  further use in trying to beat this bill to death and that we can work  together to improve it and get on to other things which we are so in  need of.   But I do want to say that I appreciate very much the votes last  night. I think Senator McCain showed, once again, that he is America's  hero. And Senators Murkowski and Collins certainly are heroines of mine  and I think let us know that women in positions of power can be counted  on.   So, yesterday, in the Rules Committee, the majority passed a martial  law rule granting themselves fast-track authority so they could get  anything through, which I think scared even the Senate.   I read some news reports claiming this was a major victory. It was  not a victory for either side fighting viciously over how we want  healthcare to be given to our citizens, but it was certainly a victory  for the American people, hundreds of whom stood last night here on the  Capitol Grounds outside of the Senate begging to be able to continue  their healthcare.   Imagine somebody with cancer, going through all of the pain and agony  they have to go through, and wondering every day what in the world we  are going to do here. Are they going to be left without healthcare,  left without care that they can afford?   So I think, without a doubt, this is a good morning for all of us who  are in the Congress of the United States to get together and to do  better work. And I know of no agency, frankly, that  [[Page H6527]]  needs more attention than the Veterans Administration.   My personal experience with them has been somewhat like Whack-a-Mole:  we think we have something settled and then suddenly we don't. We have  to be advocates for every veteran in our district, directly to the VA,  personally, oftentimes simply to get the most simple kind of treatment  done for our veterans.   It is my wholehearted wish, and has been for some time, that we will  get the Veterans Administration out of the building business, where  they are abysmal failures, and let them concentrate on healthcare for  veterans, which is their number one issue.   I am very pleased--and let me echo what my colleague, Mr. Collins,  said--with leadership both in the House and the Senate running the  Veterans' Affairs Committees now. Dr. Roe has been an exemplary friend  to all of us and understands exactly what we are doing.   So I think this is important, as Mr. Collins has pointed out.  Veterans Choice has not been very popular in my district. It is so  complicated and so complex that it takes a lot of hand-holding even to  use it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support the underlying bill we will be  voting on today. I wish I were able to say that more often.   The bill will fund the Department of Veterans Affairs Choice Program  for 6 months and authorize a number of leases for major medical  facilities throughout the country, and I echo its major importance.   The next rule we will be considering contains martial law authority  that will allow the majority to bring up any bill they want with hardly  any notice at all, and I hope we will not use that.   It has been a long week. Let's end it on a bipartisan note with a  strong vote in support of this bill before us to help veterans across  America.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   