 Mr. Chair, this is a bill that is  critical for us to pass. It is the result of more than 3 years of  hearings, listening tours, and dozens of conversations with a wide  range of stakeholders.   Under the leadership of Chairman Bob Goodlatte and Ranking Member  John Conyers, the Judiciary Committee members sat through hours of  hearings and even traveled to different cities around the country to  hear from all the stakeholders that are impacted by our copyright  policies.   It is clear that we need a change in the Copyright Office. We need to  protect our Copyright Office. We can do that with a Presidential  appointee of the Register. That is why this bill is supported by a wide  range of stakeholders, including the AFL-CIO; the Screen Actors Guild- American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, SAG-AFTRA; the  Directors Guild; the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage  Employees, or IATSE; the American Federation of Musicians; the Motion  Picture Association of America; the Recording Industry Association of  America; the GRAMMYs; the National Association of Broadcasters;  Software and Information Industry Association; the American  Intellectual Property Law Association; and the Intellectual Property  Owners Association, amongst many.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues, for the sake of our future and the  protection of copyright, to support this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of  H.R. 1695 and the amendment that I offer. This is a simple amendment  that specifies that the mandatory deposit requirement of the Library of  Congress will not be affected in any way by the underlying bill.   Currently, applicants for copyright registration are required to  submit two deposit copies to the Copyright Office. After the Office  reviews the material to determine whether it qualifies for copyright  protection, it makes the copies available for the Library for its use  in its permanent collection.   In fact, that is a large reason that the Copyright Office is located  in the Library of Congress to begin with. In 1870, Librarian Ainsworth  Rand Spofford convinced Congress that placing the Copyright Office in  the Library would help build its collection through deposits of  registered works, which it has done successfully.   In the digital age, many argue that the mandatory deposit requirement  should be modified in some way to better balance the needs of creators  and the Library. My amendment states that H.R. 1695 may not be  construed to impact the mandatory deposit requirement, and it makes  clear that this issue is for another day. Passing this amendment will  allow us to focus instead on the many benefits in turning the Register  into a Presidentially appointed, Senate-confirmed position.   The underlying bill is a result of more than 3 years of hearings,  listening tours, and dozens of conversations with a wide range of  stakeholders. The Judiciary Committee Members, led by Chairman  Goodlatte and Ranking Member John Conyers, all sat through hours of  hearings, and even traveled to different cities around the country to  hear from all of our stakeholders who are impacted by our copyright  policies.   As the Judiciary Committee finished its thorough review of the  Copyright Act, there was broad consensus that the Copyright Office  should be modernized and restructured so that it is more accountable to  Congress and to the public.   This is why I, along with Congressman Tom Marino, introduced a  bipartisan bill to carry out these changes. Our bill, the Copyright  Office for the Digital Economy Act, the CODE Act, would also put in  place a system similar to the one in H.R. 1695 to elevate the Register.  We introduced this bill 2 years ago, before the new Librarian was sworn  in and when President Obama was still in office. This has been a  bipartisan issue grounded on sound policy considerations.   I believe the changes proposed in H.R. 1695 will help improve the  functionality of the Copyright Office, which members of the public rely  on to protect their works or properly use copyrighted works. The core  copyright industries are now responsible for $1.2 trillion of our GDP,  which represents 7 percent of the economy. These industries also employ  5.5 million people.   We need to make sure the Copyright Office can modernize to meet the  demands of the growing industries in our country, and its leadership  that is accountable to Congress, which will help it move toward that  direction. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment and the  underlying bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the ranking  member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of  my time.   