 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this Republican bill weakens  America's commitment to clean energy. It harms the huge number of jobs  that are being created in the renewable energy sector. And it stalls  consumer cost savings tied to energy efficiency.   Democrats have a different vision. It is one that lowers costs on our  neighbors back home, and helps create the higher paying jobs of the  future.   My amendment increases funding for the Energy Efficiency & Renewable  Energy account by about $177 million, and it reduces funding for the  fossil Energy Research and Development account by about $355 million.   Energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives across America  have a proven return on investment for taxpayers. This amendment is  paid for by reducing, but not eliminating, accounts that do not have  the same return on investment for taxpayers.   Investments in energy efficiency and renewables create jobs and help  make our businesses more competitive. Energy efficiency reduces costs  for consumers. And wouldn't that be a positive development for  taxpayers back home, that the Congress is asking to put more money back  into their pockets?   The amount proposed for energy efficiency and renewable energy in the  Republican bill is so low that America will have to reduce the number  of research, development, and demonstration projects that are often  supported with industry, at our great national laboratories, and at our  fantastic universities.   Mr. Chairman, America should be a leader in innovation and  technological advancement. But, instead, the Republican bill says  America should take a back seat. Well, America should not take a back  seat to anyone. We are in the midst of a technological revolution when  it comes to energy and energy efficiency.   Look what is happening all across America. We have a very diverse  energy portfolio and a growing clean energy and efficiency sector. This  is especially important as we tackle the costs and challenges of the  changing climate.   Look at what we are today because of robust investments of the past  decade. The solar industry is creating jobs 12 times faster than the  overall U.S. workforce. In 2016, 1 out of every 50 new jobs was in  solar energy.   Republicans used to say they were for all-of-the-above sources of  energy. Well, you can't say that anymore.   The Trump administration and House Republicans are ceding America's  leadership role in the world by failing to invest in technologies that  will save families and businesses money.   Instead, we should work together and face the challenges of the  changing climate head-on and not bury our heads in the sand. Sixteen of  the 17 hottest years on record have occurred since 2001; including  2016, which was the third consecutive record-breaking year.   The rising costs of the changing climate are a real threat to  everyone, especially to the families I represent back home in Florida,  which is why I filed another amendment that was not ruled in order, an  amendment that would limit the Department of Energy from removing the  term ``climate change'' from their publications.   That is right, the Trump administration has already removed mention  of climate change from government websites, and has deleted a sentence  linking climate change to sea level rise in a press release. Ignoring  or trying to hide the cost of the changing climate will simply cost us  more in the long run.   We should be working together on investing in a clean energy future,  but that, unfortunately, seems farther away today, unless we adopt an  amendment like mine and begin to understand the realities that we are  facing.   If we don't unleash American ingenuity now, our neighbors back home  will face higher AC bills, property insurance bills, flood insurance  bills, and have to put more property taxes into replacing water and  wastewater infrastructure.   I appreciate Ranking Member Kaptur's vision. A little while ago, she  was talking about our national labs--the fact that we have the best  scientists in the world. Don't hamstring them by cutting back on our  investments in clean energy and energy efficiency. She understands that  this is our future that we are talking about. I appreciate her work. I  appreciate the work of Chairman Simpson. I urge an ``aye'' vote on the  Castor amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the remarks of the  gentleman from West Virginia. He is a well-spoken advocate for his  State.   I am not zeroing out the fossil fuel research for R&D, but, instead,  we have got to look towards the future.   Where are the jobs being created now?   It is in renewable energy and energy efficiency, things that are  going to put money back into the pockets of consumers and unleash this  technological revolution so America can stay the leader in the world.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ``aye'' vote on the Castor amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   