 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am really pleased to rise today in support of this  legislation, the Energy Efficient Government Technology Act.   I want to thank my colleague and friend, Mr. Olson, for his wonderful  description of the bill and his important support of it. I want to  thank the new chairman of the full committee, Mr. Walden, and the  ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for their support,  and my legislative partner, Adam Kinzinger, for his partnership on this  bill.   I hope that this, the 115th Congress, is going to be the magic charm.  I have introduced this bill now in three Congresses, and it passed in  each Congress, but it didn't make it to the President's desk. I hope  this time it will.   The bill is really a very simple one. It is about bringing the  Federal Government's IT and data centers into the 21st century. The  Federal Government is the Nation's largest energy user. I want to say  that again. The Federal Government is our Nation's largest energy user,  and we should lead by example in this area.   By requiring Federal agencies to utilize the best technologies and  energy management strategies, this bill will reduce the government's  energy use. Very importantly, it is going to save taxpayer dollars, and  it is going to also set an example for the private sector.   Today, the world generates more data in 12 hours than was generated  in all of human history prior to 2003.   I can tell by the look on your face, Mr. Speaker, that that takes  your breath away.   This data must be stored and processed at data centers, which are the  backbone of the 21st century economy, but can be highly energy  inefficient. While we now routinely hear about data centers, this was  not the case when I began examining this issue over a decade ago. In  those days, I had to explain to my colleagues what a data center was.   In 2005, I offered language in the Energy Policy Act which mandated  an EPA study on the energy use and energy costs of data centers. This  report was then transmitted to Congress in 2007, and today most  Americans understand that data centers are a critical part of our  national infrastructure and are found in nearly every sector of our  economy.   According to the GSA, the Federal Government, alone, has more than  2,000 data centers which store everything from Social Security and tax  records to e-books at the Library of Congress.   Several Silicon Valley companies have taken the lead in developing  efficient, sustainable data centers, but we can do much, much more  across the private sector and the government.   The Department of Energy estimates that the 70 billion kilowatt hours  of electricity that are used by U.S. data centers annually could be  slashed in half simply through implementation of best practices and  existing technologies.   This bill, H.R. 306, will drive energy efficiency improvements across  the government's IT and data centers by requiring Federal agencies to,  number one, utilize the best technologies and energy management  strategies; two, formulate specific goals and periodically review their  energy efficiency--it  [[Page H268]]  is very important to track the efficiencies--and, three, make  government center data energy usage statistics public in a way that  empowers further innovation.   Importantly, the bill requires government agencies to formulate  specific performance goals and a means to calculate overall cost  savings from implementation.   Mr. Speaker, as I said, I first introduced the legislation in 2013.  It has passed the House by wide margins in each of the last two  Congresses. It is noncontroversial. It is bipartisan. It makes sense. I  want to urge all of my colleagues to support the bill.   I thank my colleagues on a bipartisan basis at the Energy and  Commerce Committee, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McNerney), my valued colleague on the committee.   Mr. McNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 306, the Energy  Efficient Government Technology Act, sponsored by the committee. It is  also bipartisan, as my colleague from California mentioned, sponsored  by Ms. Eshoo and Mr. Kinzinger of Illinois.    H.R. 306 promotes the use of energy efficiency and energy savings  information technologies and practices across the Federal Government,  especially in data centers.   The bill amends the Energy Independence Act of 2007 to require  Federal agencies to coordinate with the OMB, DOE, and EPA in developing  an implementation strategy for the maintenance, purchase, and use of  energy efficiency and energy savings information technology.   Ten percent of Federal electricity is consumed by Federal energy  centers. H.R. 306 aims to keep that at 10 percent or even to reduce it.   The legislation also sets out specific items for consideration in  developing an implementation strategy that requires the establishment  of performance goals for evaluating agencies' efforts. In addition, the  bill would amend the 2007 act to require the DOE and EPA to collaborate  with stakeholders in the implementation of data centers, efficiency  programs, and other measures to improve data center energy efficiency.   Again, the legislation was passed by the House without dissent last  year as stand-alone legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it.   I commend my colleagues Ms. Eshoo and Mr. Kinzinger.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   