 Mr. Speaker, the biggest economic challenge of our time  is that too many people are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live  on. Wages are not keeping up with rising costs. Too many families  struggle today to make ends meet. Some have two or three jobs. They  can't afford healthcare. They can't afford--some can't afford to put  food on the table. They don't take vacations, and their retirement is  in jeopardy.   But it is the big corporations, the millionaires and the  billionaires, who are writing the rules to make government work for  them, and it is the Republicans who are their comrades in arms who are  rigging the game against the middle class.   Senator Orrin Hatch, who wrote this bill, said: ``I have a rough time  wanting to spend billions and billions and trillions of dollars to help  people who won't help themselves, won't lift a finger, and expect the  Federal Government to do everything.''   This is the ugly truth of this Republican tax bill. And I say to  Senator Hatch: ``The Federal Government has taken good care of you. It  is about the great people of this Nation that we are not taking care  of.''   That is what this vote is about. This is where their values are. They  are on display. The final bill is even worse than we feared. It lowers  the tax rate for the wealthiest people even more. It repeals a key  element of the Affordable Care Act, kicking 13 million people off their  insurance, raising premiums by 10 percent.   Don't let them fool you on the child tax credit. It is a shameful  proposal. It shuts out military families, rural families, large  families, minimum wage workers, those with the youngest children. If  you make $400,000 a year, you get a $4,000 child tax credit. If you  make $14,500 a year, you get $75. Who are they fooling with this bill?   And you know what, my colleague, just a minute ago, said: Yes, those  in this Chamber will benefit. You bet.   We are eligible for the child tax credit, but low-income families are  not. This bill fails the middle class. It benefits the richest 1  percent. Vote against it as I will.   