 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, first, I want to acknowledge all the communities facing  the impacts of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. There are also two  other hurricanes, Jose and Katia, gaining strength right now in the  Atlantic.   This is the first time since 2010 that there have been three active  hurricanes at one time in the Atlantic basin. Our rising waters and  warming seas are contributing to the historic storms we are seeing now.   We also can't forget the falling permafrost in Alaska. It was called  permafrost, obviously, because it was going to be permanent. Scientists  estimate this could drive up the Earth's temperature by as much as 1.7  degrees Fahrenheit. If this isn't enough to make clear the perils of  climate change, I don't know what it will take.    Mr. Speaker, I am relieved that a bipartisan compromise has been  reached on some of the most important and urgent matters that we face.  The bill includes a short-term extension of the debt ceiling, a  continuing resolution to fund the government, and provides the first  installment of aid to those communities impacted by Hurricane Harvey.   I was glad to see this deal pass the Senate overwhelmingly on  Thursday by a vote of 80-17. It is a testament to what we can do when  we work together even during these especially partisan times.   The agreement may have been a surprise, but it was a welcome one. We  can now step back from the cliff, get to work on the many other  priorities we face this month, including passing the Dream Act and  reauthorizing the FAA, which is critical; the Children's Health  Insurance Program, also critical; and the Perkins Loan program. Many  low-income students in college depend on Perkins to get a good  education.   So this compromise will get us through to December 8, and that means  we will find ourselves back here in the same situation a few months  from now. I hope that once again we can put the country before ideology  and prevent the self-inflicted wound that would come from playing  chicken with our economy.   Today's bipartisan spirit is something our country can use a lot more  of.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I  will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream  Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of  young people who are Americans in every way except on paper.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentlewoman from New York?   There was no objection.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Kihuen) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Kihuen) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Kihuen) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has  further speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   First, I want to say that I appreciate the Members from Texas who  have made it so clear what they are personally going through, and their  constituents. Surely, every one of us in this room understands that we  are called upon to do the greater good today, and we will certainly  rise to that occasion.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to say something I wish I got the chance to  say more often, and that is that I do support the underlying bill that  we are considering today with all my heart. I know it has been a busy  week, but our constituents and the people, our fellow Americans, are  suffering and afraid.   One thing I noticed about the children in Texas in the boats going to  the shelters and every place, their stoicism. I didn't see a single one  of them shed a tear. In fact, I am a little worried about that. Little  people whose lives were absolutely uprooted and who had to go to a  strange place, leaving everything that they had behind--think about  that.   We are obligated here, those of us who serve in this House, to meet  the need that we know exists today and will for some time to come. So  let's end with a strong, bipartisan vote on this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   