 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Colorado for his  leadership and for yielding me time.   Here I am again. I rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying  bill, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that  my bipartisan--this is both Republicans and Democrats--this bipartisan  legislation, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, can be made in  order for debate and a vote.   The Presidential Tax Transparency Act is very simple. It would  require this President, all future Presidents,  [[Page H2865]]  and Presidential nominees from both major parties to publicly disclose  their tax returns. Until recently, most Americans thought this  disclosure was required by law, but it actually has been a tradition.  It has been a voluntary disclosure by every President of both parties  since Watergate.   This long disclosure tradition exists because, A, the American people  demand a baseline level of transparency from the highest officeholder  in the land, and each one of the Presidents wanted the American people  to know that their first and top priority was the American people's  interest and not their own financial interests. This last Saturday,  April 15, thousands of Americans in 125 cities across the country  participated in tax marches calling for the President to release his  tax returns.   Now, why did they do this on holy Saturday?   Because they care and they are deeply concerned about the President's  conflicts of interests and his foreign business entanglements.   The President's refusal to release his tax returns is just one  example of his administration's historic lack of transparency as we  near the 100-day mark of the administration. As questions about his  associates' ties to Russia continue to swirl, yesterday, the White  House refused to provide information about General Flynn's Russia  contacts to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Just  before the Easter holiday, the White House also announced that it will  break with precedent and will not make its visitor logs public. This is  added to the fact that the President's meetings and golf outings at his  properties in Florida, New Jersey, and elsewhere--where he has so far  spent one-third of his Presidency, according to The Washington Post-- are also off the books.   Who is the President meeting with? Who does he listen to? Do his  personal financial interests come first, or do the interests of the  country come first?    The President's business empire makes him more susceptible to  conflicts of interest than any President in our history, yet he has  done less to address these conflicts than any President in modern  history. Since 1978, every President has placed their assets in a real  blind trust. Instead of following this tradition, the President has  turned his business over to his sons in an arrangement that the  nonpartisan Office of Government Ethics called ``meaningless from a  conflict of interest perspective.'' It was later revealed that the  President can draw profits from this trust at any time, and his son  acknowledged that he will provide his father with periodic reports  about the state of his family's businesses.   This is not right. This simply does not pass muster for anyone in the  country. This is not Republican or Democratic. This is not partisan.  The President should release his tax returns.   Now, as the gentleman said previously, this is, again, critically  important because it is reported that the President is going to come  out with a tax plan today and reportedly cut the tax rate on pass- through entities.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    For all of these reasons, Mr. Speaker, and all of these  conflicts of interest, it is why the President needs to reveal his tax  returns, it is why we have bipartisan legislation.   We should defeat the previous question and sign on to the discharge  petition so that this bipartisan legislation can come before the full  House to ensure that the President provides transparency to the  American people now and in the future.   