 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment to H.R. 953, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017. The  underlying bill is overly broad, and not only risks public health, but  also endangers our agricultural lands by needlessly contaminating our  water.   Let me be clear: I support eliminating unnecessary regulatory  burdens. In fact, if you ask every Representative whether they support  getting rid of duplicative or unnecessary regulations, you would  probably get 435 yeas. However, the regulations here are far from  unwarranted.   There is a compelling reason why the Environmental Protection Agency  stepped in to protect the American public and our water from  unnecessary harms from pesticides. Under the Federal Insecticide,  Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, FIFRA, the EPA is charged with  registering all pesticides that are made and sold in the United States.  But FIFRA does not take into account when, where, and how pesticides  are applied.   Applying a pesticide to crop land has a dramatically different  consequence to the environment than when it is sprayed directly into or  over or on bodies of water. So that is why, under the Clean Water Act,  pesticide general permits are now required for pesticide applications  in, over, or on water.   Folks are only required to apply for a pesticide general permit when  they want to release biological or chemical pesticides into, over, or  on waters of the United States. A PGP is often required for control of  the following pests: mosquitoes, vegetation and algae, animal pests,  areawide pests, and forest-canopy pests.   Now, I would like to clarify some misconceptions that we have heard  discussed here this afternoon. Claims that the pesticide general  permits recklessly harms American agriculture are simply not true. For  6 years now, the pesticide general permit has been in place. Farmers  and forestry operators have had successful growing seasons and have  provided important products to the United States around the world.   Congressional testimony has revealed no report of a pesticide  applicator being unable to apply pesticide in a timely manner.  Assertions that the pesticide general permit prevents us from combating  the Zika virus are also untrue.   When special circumstances arise, public health outbreaks like the  Zika virus or West Nile, special exemptions allow applicators to spray  pesticides  [[Page H4546]]  and apply for permits after the fact. The post-pesticide application  process is simple, and it works.   The bottom line is that limiting the amount of pesticides that are  sprayed into our lakes, rivers, and streams, into our drinking water  supplies, is common sense.   In my home State of Connecticut, pesticide contamination in  residential drinking water has been a Statewide problem for a long  time. Some of my constituents have gone for years living with stomach  pain, hair loss, body numbness, skin rashes, not knowing the cause of  their ailments. Test results have revealed pesticides were the cause.   That is why I stand here today to offer an amendment that would  ensure that we keep existing clean water protections in place so that  we can protect our waters and agricultural lands in the long run.   My amendment would retain existing Clean Water Act accountability for  the most toxic chemicals and hazardous substances commonly used in  pesticides today.   Should we would try to find a way to streamline the application  process for a pesticide general permit?   Of course. But a blanket exemption with complete disregard for clean  water, the ecosystem, and public health makes this underlying bill  unwarranted and unwise.   We must work together in this Congress to protect our waterways,  ensure a healthy food and water supply, while also protecting our  public health.   Mr. Chair, I encourage all of my colleagues to support my amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much  time I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to  the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Napolitano), the subcommittee  ranking member.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   