 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Cummings for yielding me time to speak about this important legislation  to protect whistleblowers.   Mr. Speaker, I share the concerns that were brought up yesterday in  the Rules Committee and today on the floor about the procedure for  bringing this bill to the floor without full House committee process.  However, I will support the bill because it is so important.   The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act will provide  protection for employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs who blow  the whistle on wrongdoing in the agency.   As the ranking member of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on  Oversight and Investigations, I know full well that whistleblowers are  vital to the VA to protect the health and well-being of the men and  women who have so bravely served our country. Although we have numerous  protections currently in place for whistleblowers, those who are  committed to silencing them still manage to find ways to retaliate,  which we saw with tragic consequences at the Phoenix VA Health Care  System and in Dr. Kirkpatrick's case.   In addition to serving on the House Veterans Affairs' Committee, my  role as the founder and co-chair of the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force  makes VA's retaliation against another VA doctor, Dr. Kirkpatrick, an  especially troublesome tragedy. When he tried to raise the alarm over  concerns that another VA doctor was overprescribing opioids that may  have led to patient deaths, he was aware that doing so could be harmful  to his own position at the Tomah VA Medical Center.   Dr. Kirkpatrick's action was laudable. Veterans have been acutely  impacted by the opioid epidemic, and his efforts to reduce prescription  rates for veterans is not only a good example for VA physicians, but  for all physicians in the U.S. today.   Title II of this bill puts in place a number of requirements for the  VA to protect VA employees from several retaliatory measures. It  requires the Secretary to put in place a plan to prevent unauthorized  access to medical records of VA employees, along with outreach to  ensure that VA employees are aware of mental health services available  to them.   These and other improvements in title II will not only help prevent  the type of retaliation that Dr. Kirkpatrick suffered, they will  improve care for veterans to also help make the VA a better place to  work.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   