 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, Republicans are in charge of the Senate,  and so far they haven't put up for a vote in this Congress a single  piece of original legislation to help working families--not one. They  haven't fixed a single piece of our crumbling infrastructure. They  haven't put Americans back to work. They haven't brought down the  soaring cost of prescription drugs. And they haven't done a thing to  help the 55 million Americans who don't have access to a workplace  retirement account to save for their retirement. But they have been  busy.    Here is what they have done so far: They have made it easier for  giant corporations to hide the payments they make to foreign countries.  They have made it easier for companies to discharge filth into our  rivers and streams. They have made it easier for Americans suffering  from mental illness to buy guns. They have made it easier for hunters  to shoot baby bears and wolf cubs from planes. They have made it easier  for companies that get big-time, taxpayer-funded government contracts  to steal wages from their employees. They have made it easier for  employers to hide injuries their workers suffer on the job. They have  made it easier for States to divert Federal education dollars away from  struggling schools and students. They have made it easier for States to  block people who are out of work from getting unemployment insurance  payments that they are entitled to by law. And they have made it easier  to keep local residents from having a say in how Federal lands are  managed.   Now they are back at it again, this time to overturn a rule that will  help millions of Americans start saving for their retirement. For  years, the Republican-controlled Congress has done nothing to help the  55 million Americans who don't have an employer-provided retirement  plan save for their retirement. Nothing. Because of this Federal  inaction, 7 States have passed legislation to provide retirement  accounts to their constituents, and 23 others are considering  proposals. The efforts of just those 7 States could expand coverage to  15 of the 55 million Americans who don't currently have an employer- sponsored retirement account.   In addition to these State efforts, three cities are actively  considering proposals to curb the retirement savings gap, potentially  covering another 2 million Americans. Extending coverage to 17 million  Americans would go a long way toward starting to chip away at the  retirement crisis in this country.   Today, among working families on the verge of retirement, about one- third have no retirement savings of any kind, and another one-third  have total savings that are less than 1 year's income. This is a real  problem, and Senate Republicans should be working hard to come up with  solutions to fix it. But if they don't have any ideas of their own, the  least they can do is step aside and let the hard-working Governors,  mayors, State treasurers, city councils, and State legislatures  continue their important efforts to try to solve our retirement crisis.   Every single time the Senate has come to the floor of this Congress  to overturn an Obama administration rule, Republican Senators have said  they were voting to remove burdensome Federal regulations that  ``severely limit the role of State and local governments,'' when local  governments ``could do a much better job of providing for the people of  our State.'' So why on earth are they now voting to make it harder for  cities and States to help their own citizens save for retirement? Why?  Three words: chamber of commerce.   The chamber of commerce and the trade associations for the giant  financial firms have been fighting tooth and nail to kill these  retirement initiatives. Their armies of lobbyists have been deployed to  peddle misinformation about what these plans do, all because the giant  financial firms that the chamber of commerce and the trade associations  represent are worried that the city and State plans might actually  offer better investment products with lower fees.   The American people are not calling their Senators asking us to work  day in and day out to overturn rules to help them save for their  retirement; 72 percent of Republicans and 83 percent of Democrats  support these initiatives. They aren't calling us and asking us to make  their water dirty or to let their employer put their lives at risk by  cutting corners on safety either.   The American voters didn't send us to Washington to work for the  lawyers and the lobbyists and the giant corporations that keep  corporate profits soaring by skirting basic regulations.   This vote may be really good for filling the campaign coffers of  Senate Republicans, and a few of them may pop champagne corks with  their buddies at the chamber of commerce after this vote tonight, but  Americans are watching, and they will be ready to fight back.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   