 Madam Speaker, I rise to strongly urge a ``no'' vote on  H.R. 36, and I rise today for Gina.   Gina, who lives in Seattle, found out at her 20-week ultrasound that  the baby had multiple fetal anomalies, both cardiac and brain, that  were fatal. The baby would either die before birth or within the first  few days or weeks of life.   Gina decided to end the pregnancy, her constitutional right to make  decisions about her own body. If Gina were in a different State with  restrictive laws, she would not have been able to get the evidence- based and compassionate care that she deserved. This important, very  personal decision was made between Gina and her doctor.   The Supreme Court has made it clear that it is her right, and yet our  Republican colleagues continue to try to take that right away from Gina  and other women in her position.   This bill not only takes healthcare decisions out of the hands of  patients, but, Madam Speaker, it could penalize doctors with up to 5  years in prison for performing these abortions. This is unconscionable.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Madam Speaker, Gina and all women deserve to have access  to care that is comprehensive and compassionate. Madam Speaker, on  their behalf, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 36. We must  stop these bans and support women like Gina to continue to have their  constitutional rights and to make decisions about their own bodies.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for  yielding. It was wonderful to see the gentleman out in Seattle  exploring our maritime sector.   We are very proud of the maritime industry. And in the State of  Washington, and in my district, the Seventh Congressional District of  Washington State, sometimes people know about us for Boeing airplanes,  but they really should know us for our national deepwater port and all  of the maritime that we have there.   Obviously, Mr. Speaker, since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico last  month, residents have been without power. Many of them have not had  access to relief supplies, including food and water. Many have lost  their lives. It has been heartbreaking to watch. We all stand united in  pushing this administration to do everything possible to ensure that  the people of Puerto Rico have access to relief supplies and that the  administration is doing everything it can to assist and rebuild.   These are American citizens, and we have an obligation to do  everything we can to help after this devastating hurricane.   The reason I am here today is to join my colleague, the gentleman  from California, because in the wake of Hurricane Maria, we did see a  false narrative spreading through the media and social channels about  the Jones Act. It caused us to reflect on the fact that perhaps not  everybody knows the history of the Jones Act. Not everybody understands  exactly what it does and how it supports so strongly American jobs that  benefit so many of us.   There are people who thought that perhaps the Jones Act was to blame  for the fact that supplies were not making it out of the docks and into  Puerto Rico, and so I am very grateful to the gentleman from  California, and Republican colleague across the aisle, Representative  Hunter, for holding an informal hearing on this very topic and inviting  in shipbuilders, shipping companies, as well as the maritime labor  industry to tell us a little bit about what was happening in Puerto  Rico.    And so this is an opportunity, really, for us to talk about what the  Jones Act means, because when you are talking about Make It In America,  when you are talking about better wages, better jobs, and a better deal  for the American public, then the Jones Act, in many ways, is the  epitome of exactly that.   The Jones Act has been in effect for nearly 100 years and inspired by  cabotage laws that were in place since the first session of Congress in  1789. The law requires that when goods are shipped via water between  two points in the United States, they must be shipped on U.S.-made  vessels that are owned and operated by Americans.   This is where the critical industry comes in. In terms of Puerto  Rico, the Jones Act is not the reason that the distribution of relief  supplies has been slow to move in Puerto Rico. In fact, reports are  that thousands of containers containing fuel, emergency housing, food,  water, and other essentials are trapped at the Port of San  [[Page H7733]]  Juan. To date, at least 11,300 containers with millions of pounds of  relief supplies have been delivered.   To put this in perspective, just one such state-of-the-art container  ship arrived in Puerto Rico just 3 days after Hurricane Maria made  landfall, carrying more than 35 million pounds of cargo, the equivalent  of about 1,900 cargo planes. You can see here on the chart that the  Jones Act current capacity is 22,000 TEUs with a maximum carrying  capacity of 1.079 billion pounds.   So just imagine that the additional surge capacity, as of now, is  5,430 TEUs with a max carrying capacity of 258 million pounds. So the  issue has not been that ships are not delivering. Our American ships  are delivering supplies. But unfortunately, because of the  infrastructure, the lack of infrastructure, the destruction to the  roads, and the issues around refrigeration across the island-- unfortunately, warehouses have been destroyed--there is nowhere to  store those products, and there is no refrigeration.   So what we are seeing is the capacity at the docks continuing to  increase. So over the next 2 weeks alone, Jones Act vessels will  deliver more than 9,000 containers to Puerto Rico, including at least  3,300 FEMA loads full of relief cargo.   So despite these volumes, the residents of Puerto Rico are suffering,  not because ships aren't being able to deliver there, but because of  the lack of infrastructure that I mentioned, lack of refrigeration, all  of those things.   So currently, the point that is very important, I think, for  everybody to understand is that American flagships have the capacity to  meet Puerto Rico's relief cargo needs, and the emphasis needs to be on  moving cargo from the Port of San Juan into the island, and focusing on  rebuilding the infrastructure that has suffered because of this  devastating hurricane.   Mr. Speaker, some have called for an outright repeal of the Jones Act  despite these facts. Why should Members of Congress on both sides of  the aisle support the Jones Act? Because it is incredibly important to  our country's economy and to the maritime industry, which supports  nearly 500,000 jobs and is responsible for over $92 billion in gross  economic output each year.   So in my home State of Washington, which ranks sixth in the country  for Jones Act jobs, this law supports over 16,000 jobs and helps  generate approximately $1.1 billion in labor income. More than 19  million tons of cargo originate from my home State of Washington every  year, and the State imports more than 28 million tons annually. Without  these jobs, our economy would suffer tremendously.   In my district, Washington's Seventh Congressional District, the  Jones Act directly supports nearly 2,000 jobs, indirectly supports more  than 6,500-related jobs. And to be clear, everywhere in the country  where we have Jones Act jobs, they are better jobs, better wages, and a  better future for our Americans across the country.   Shipyard jobs pay incredibly well. They earn workers about 45 percent  more than the national average for private sector jobs. And this is an  area, as we saw in the hearing that was had, this is an area where  business and maritime labor, our merchant marines, are proud to work  together to make sure that we provide for the national security of our  country through the Jones Act, and also that we provide these deep  investments in good-paying union jobs.   Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that we have to invest in Puerto Rico  by providing comprehensive relief, including water and food and housing  and medical care, and we have to do everything we can to rebuild the  infrastructure. But at the same time, we must make sure that we  continue bipartisan support for this bedrock maritime law.   