 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of  H.R. 2105, the NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act of 2017, which  directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology to provide  more guidance, resources, and tools to small businesses to improve  their cybersecurity and protect the personal information of their  customers.   According to the Small Business Administration, the 28 million small  businesses in America account for 54 percent of all U.S. sales and 55  percent of all U.S. jobs. Small businesses play a central role in our  economy.   Unfortunately, the information systems and networks of small  businesses are especially vulnerable to an increasing volume and  sophistication of cyber attacks. Small businesses rarely have employees  or leadership with education or training in cybersecurity. Further,  small businesses typically have limited resources to invest in  cybersecurity.   The National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, is a  leader in developing standards and guidelines for cybersecurity in both  the public and private sectors. In 2009, NIST developed a guidance  document called, ``Small Business Information Security: The  Fundamentals.'' The document described the fundamentals of an effective  small-business information security program in nontechnical language.   In 2014, in response to an executive order from President Obama, NIST  published the Cybersecurity Framework for Critical Infrastructure. The  cybersecurity framework, as written, is most useful for larger  businesses with at least some cybersecurity expertise. Therefore, in  November 2016, NIST published an update of their small-business  guidance document using the framework as a template.   These are just two examples of how NIST has long privatized  supporting small-business efforts to strengthen cybersecurity. The  requirements of H.R. 2105 are consistent with these ongoing efforts and  help ensure that they will continue.   Ideally, H.R. 2105 would have also provided resources for NIST to  expand these activities because the need is very clear. We cannot  effectively support small business in this country unless we provide  the relevant government agencies the resources to help protect those  businesses from cyber threats.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2105, and I thank the sponsors, including  Mr. Webster, Mr. Lipinski, and Ms. Rosen, for their strong support for  small businesses and NIST's important role in cybersecurity. However, I  am concerned that the House bill contains an explicit unfunded mandate  clause and that the Senate passed a version that is silent in funding.  I hope Congress will provide NIST the adequate resources to fulfill the  mandates in this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to  support H.R. 2763, the Small Business Innovation Research and Small  Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez,  Chairman Smith, and all other colleagues on both committees for their  work to advance this bipartisan piece to the House floor.   SBIR and STTR are valuable programs that provide competitive research  and development grants and contracts to innovative small businesses.  Stability and continuity in the SBIR and STTR programs are important  goals, which is why I supported the agreement in last year's National  Defense Authorization Act to extend the program until fiscal year 2022  at the current allocation level.   In H.R. 2763, the two authorizing committees have come to agreement  on a number of policy improvements and some strengthened oversight for  the programs.  [[Page H7944]]    The policy changes in H.R. 2763 advances sensible ways to further  leverage small business R&D to help meet Federal mission needs, as well  as contribute more broadly to U.S. innovation and economic growth. The  bill includes continued support for early-stage funding for  entrepreneurial researchers, provides funding for important agency  outreach and administrative activities, streamlines reporting  requirements, ensures agency outreach for researchers at minority- serving institutions, and authorizes several additional activities to  support implementation of the program.   I am particularly pleased that the bill includes a provision to  address current agency shortfalls in fostering the participation of  women and minority-owned firms. Fostering diversity in STEM research  and innovation is an economic imperative.    Mr. Speaker, we must continue to  encourage such policies.   H.R. 2763 is a good bill that improves the SBIR program and maximizes  the benefits of federally funded small business R&D.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   