 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule.  Drug testing people who are simply applying for unemployment insurance  is harassment.   I am outraged on behalf of the workers across this country, workers  in my congressional district, who could be subjected to insulting and  unnecessary testing when they have earned the right to apply for  unemployment insurance.   This is a strategy to throw up barriers to collecting unemployment  insurance. It is an intimidation tactic with no basis in reality.  States should not be allowed to impose additional obstacles to cut back  on applications.   These jobless workers are often unemployed through no fault of their  own. Their jobs were taken away by corporations who have moved their  jobs overseas in order to get a tax break. And in addition to that, we  have a Tax Code today that supports them moving overseas.   Or they may have lost their job because of a flawed trade agreement  which, as we have seen in the past, has lost jobs and depressed wages.   We ought to be dealing with a tax code that penalizes companies that  move their jobs overseas, not people who just want to do an honest  day's work or collect the unemployment insurance that they are entitled  to.   People want to work in this country, and it is often tiresome to  listen to the ways that some of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle demean working people, people who struggle every day. We are all  identified by the jobs that we have. We take pride in the work that we  do.   People don't want to be on unemployment. What they want to do is to  say to their kids: Be proud of me. This is my job. This is what I do. I  want to be your role model.    What we ought to do, again, let's penalize those  companies that send their jobs overseas. Let's do something about those  flawed trade agreements which have lost over 800,000 jobs or more. That  is just from the NAFTA agreement. Let's do something else for working  people in this country.   Or you know what? Perhaps we ought to be drug testing the CEOs of  companies who move their mailboxes overseas, export jobs, and who are  in the business of hurting American workers. And, by the way, they are  getting massive tax breaks at taxpayers' expense.   I strongly oppose this rule and this resolution. American workers  deserve better.   