 Mr. Speaker, it is extremely  disheartening that this Congress is once again debating the merits of a  temporary funding measure to keep the federal government funded. The  American people sent their elected representatives to Washington to  fulfill basic promises to fund the federal government and provide for  the safety and prosperity of all Americans. A stopgap funding bill like  the two-week extension before us today falls drastically short of our  responsibilities to properly serve our constituents.   A continuing resolution should only be used as a temporary measure.  Instead, the passage of CRs has become regular order. That is not how  Congress was intended to work. This continued inaction is costing  taxpayers billions in wasted dollars, not to mention the opportunity  costs associated with short-term extensions. I find the complete lack  of bipartisan talks in Congress alarming, particularly since countless  families, seniors, and others rely on these programs for their  wellbeing and safety.   In addition to our basic responsibility to fund the government, it is  vitally important that we work to lift the crippling budget caps that  have  [[Page H9739]]  been holding back critical investments in our nation's infrastructure,  benefits for our veterans, and other defense and nondefense priorities.  Democrats in Congress were promised an opportunity to negotiate new  spending caps after the last CR was adopted in September. Instead, the  only spending measures we have seen leave this Chamber are partisan  bills that can never reasonably expect to make it into law.   There also needs to be a recognition that many Americans have come to  rely on the federal government for basic services or benefits they were  promised after serving in our military. For example, I was deeply  troubled by the Administration's recent effort to eliminate $460  million for the HUD-VA Supportive Housing program, which provides rent  assistance to homeless veterans and their families. It was only until  veterans' advocates, state officials, and Members of Congress protested  the dramatic reduction did VA Secretary Shulkin reverse course on the  planned cuts.   Mr. Speaker, Republicans in Congress are putting politics over the  wellbeing of our nation by passing temporary spending bills while also  proposing dramatic cuts to social programs. Ultimately, it will be the  American people and the U.S. economy who will be stuck dealing with the  consequences. I urge my colleagues across the aisle to come together to  engage in good-faith negotiations with me and my Democratic colleagues  on bipartisan, full-year legislation to fund the federal government.   