 Mr. President, I was proud to be a conferee for H.R.  1, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, and I am pleased to join many of my  colleagues in strong support of the conference report for it.   I think, really, the title says it all. This bill will deliver tax  cuts and new jobs for hard-working Americans. I think it will be good  for our economy, it will be good for jobs and for growth, and it will  be good for families and our businesses.   As a starting point, we have tax reform--a huge and a complicated  undertaking that really happens once in a generation around here. It  has been 31 years since we have successfully reformed the Tax Code. I  think we would all say it is long overdue.   This bill reduces taxes in every income bracket, letting Americans  keep more of their money. It doubles the standard deduction to put even  more money back in the pockets of hard-working Americans. It doubles  the child tax credit, which is so important, making more of it  refundable to help parents and our families. It helps our small  businesses. In the State of Alaska, about 99.6 percent of the  businesses in Alaska are small businesses, and it allows owners to do  even more by being able to deduct 20 percent of their business income  from their taxes. It also cuts our corporate rate, currently one of the  highest in the world. We all recognize this is a move that is long  overdue and one that will make us more competitive, help bring jobs  back to this country, and increase investments in America.   I support tax reform, and I am also very proud to be the lead author  of the second title, the energy title, in this bill, which I believe  contains the single most important step that we can take to strengthen  our long-term energy security and create new wealth--creating new  wealth--rather than moving things around.   This has been long fight for us. It has been a fight that has been  going on for about 38 years, give or take. It has been a  multigenerational fight for some of us. What we are doing is  authorizing a program for responsible energy development in Alaska's  nonwilderness 1002 area. This is an area Congress specifically set  aside for its evaluation for its potential for oil and gas.   I have put a lot of charts about Alaska up, but here is Alaska laid  over the United States of America, just to kind of put in context what  we are talking about here with the 1002 area. The area of ANWR itself  is an area of about 19.5 million acres. It is the combined size of  Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, and New Hampshire, in this area,  and in this portion of the State of Alaska. Contained within ANWR is  additional wilderness acreage. There are about 7 million acres of  wilderness contained in the ANWR area.   I also want to remind colleagues who say we need to keep this 1002  area in a wilderness status--let me tell my colleagues, the 1002 was  never in wilderness, is not in wilderness, and that is not what we are  talking about here.   We have 48 wilderness areas in the State of Alaska, with a total of  about 56.6 million acres of designated wilderness in the State, but the  1002 is not wilderness. This is what we are talking about opening up  for oil and gas exploration.   This is an area--this small area up here--that contains an estimated  10.4 billion barrels of oil. We know we can produce it safely. We know  we are going to need this oil in the years ahead.   Now, some of my colleagues have suggested that somehow or other we  don't need any more oil; that we are exporting oil now. Well, the  reality is that world oil demand is rising; it is not falling. We need  to bring more supply online, and we need to open up our most  prospective areas. So, again,  [[Page S8102]]  when we have a small area that has enormous potential, why would we  continue to deny that opportunity?   The International Energy Agency believes--and they stated it this  year: ``Global oil supply could struggle to keep pace with demand after  2020, risking a sharp increase in prices unless new projects are  approved soon.''   So to suggest that somehow, just because we are exporting oil, we no  longer need to produce it, just doesn't make sense. Exports are making  our markets more efficient, but they don't mean we are suddenly more  energy independent or permanently energy secure. Making sure we are  doing more where we have high prospects makes sense.   Our energy title also includes a bipartisan proposal from Senators  Cassidy, Strange, and King that will increase revenue sharing for the  gulf coast for priorities like coastal restoration and hurricane  protection. Overall, the bill--our title--is projected to raise nearly  $1.1 billion over the next 10 years. Once production begins in the 1002  area, we will likely raise tens, if not hundreds, of billions of  dollars for the Federal Treasury. Again, this is new wealth and new  prosperity at a time when our Nation needs both.   Those are not the only benefits this energy title will bring. We are  also talking about jobs--creating thousands of jobs--in Alaska and  around the country; jobs that pay high wages, put food on the table,  and put the kids through college.   We are in a tough place right now in Alaska. We have the highest  unemployment in the country. I appreciated the fact that my colleague  from Washington talked about jobs and, in fact, noted that in the ties  that bind the State of Alaska and the State of Washington, we do have a  lot when it comes to sharing of jobs. I will remind my colleagues that  when it comes to jobs, it is an estimated 12,000 Puget Sound jobs and  $780 million in labor earnings that are connected with refining Alaska  oil. So our jobs--our resource benefits not just us in Alaska but those  around the country as well.   What we are able to do by accessing this 1002 area also will help us  keep energy affordable, effectively providing families and businesses  with an energy tax cut. That, too, is important in context with this  tax bill.   We also protect national security by reducing foreign oil dependency,  especially in west coast States. Ironically, California and Washington  State, as they see less oil coming from Alaska, as our throughput is  declining, what is happening is that, in order to keep their refineries  going and their jobs continuing, they are having to import oil. Where  is California getting more of their oil from? From the Middle East.  Tell me how that makes any sense.   I appreciate that colleagues come to the floor with a passion about  our State, but know that as Alaskans and as an Alaskan who is the  author of this title, none of what we are doing in this effort to open  the 1002 area will come at the expense of our environment or the local  people. Some of the local people are here in Washington to watch the  vote today. Hearing the voices of those who live there--there is a  town, there is a village, there are people, there is a school, there is  an airport in the 1002 area--a town, residents, community. This is not  an area that is untouched, but it is an area we care about. We care  about the people, we care about the land, and we care about the  wildlife, but we know how to produce energy while protecting our  environment. We have been doing it for decades, and we will continue to  do it going into the future.   Thanks to new technologies, the footprint of our development up north  is smaller than ever before. The amount of land that development pads  occupy now on our North Slope is now 80 percent smaller than in the  1970s when we first began operation in Prudhoe Bay--80 percent smaller.  At the same time, the subsurface reach from those smaller pads is going  to be more than 4,000 percent larger than where we were in the 1970s-- more than 4,000 percent.   What we are able to do is access more resources underground  directionally in an area of 125 square miles. What the technology  allows us to do is almost too hard for people to believe, and so they  continue the same tired rhetoric we have heard for years. The fact is,  we need less land to produce more energy than ever before.   We are going to take care of our land. We are going to take care of  the people who live on our North Slope. We are going to take care of  the environment, and we will protect the wildlife on the Coastal Plain.  The Central Arctic herd of caribou increased sevenfold in the years  since we have been producing in Prudhoe Bay. That is the Alaskan way.  That is what we do there. That is why we have written our language to  be fully protective, and that is why we do not waive any environmental  review process or consultation requirements with Alaskan Natives in any  way. In fact, the only thing that we limit here in this bill is surface  development. In this area of the 1002, in this 1.5 million acres, this  provision, title II, says that 2,000 surface acres will be open--one  ten-thousandth of all of ANWR. That is all we are seeking to do, and we  will do it with care and concern for the environment.   I have listened to colleagues say that we are destroying the Refuge,  that we will turn it into an industrialized wasteland. I am offended, I  am horrified, and it is wrong. It is wrong for those from the outside  looking in, who have taken a nice trip into an area and said: This must  be protected. Your jobs don't matter.   That resource that we rely on for jobs in my State doesn't matter; we  will get it from somewhere else. Well, where are you going to get it  from? Why not work with people who are going to care for the land, care  for the people, care for the wildlife, do it with a level of commitment  to a resource and to a cause that is strong and sound?   For those who come in and say they know best and their idea is to  just lock it up, that is not right. For 40 years, Alaskans have stood  up and said: That is not right.   We will continue in our effort to demonstrate to the rest of the  country and the rest of the world how we are able to operate, how we  are able to be responsible stewards of the environment, to produce  jobs, to help Alaskan people, to help the country, and to help our  allies. This is what we are asking for.   As I close my comments, I recognize that tomorrow is coming up on the  shortest day. We have had some very short days in Alaska. It is pretty  dark there right now. I was home over the weekend. With the passage of  this bill and the long-awaited opportunity to access our resources in  the 1002 area for the benefit of Alaskans and for the benefit of our  country, the days ahead look brighter for all of us.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   