 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Virginia for  his leadership. He recently led a letter which a number of us joined in  on to suggest that we make reforms to this bill. I said the day it  passed that the Affordable Care Act was not an end but a beginning.   But we have not had opportunity, save for just a few examples where  we changed some tax-reporting provisions under 1099. I was one of the  people who led the successful efforts to suspend the medical device  tax--something the Presiding Officer cares a lot about in his home  State--but in truth, we have not had the opportunity that Senator Kaine  suggested to make changes to this bill. Instead, we have been faced  with the thought of just simply repealing this bill, with no  replacement, with no plan in place. So we would all say to our  colleagues across the aisle: Show us the plan. Show me the plan. Once  we see that, we can start talking, but that is not what is happening  today.   Additional changes could be made to the act, including increasing the  amount of subsidies available to exchange enrollees, something  important in my State; establishing perhaps State-based reinsurance  programs; doing something about the pharmaceutical prices, something I  have long advocated for. I have been ready and willing to work with my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle and to find additional  commonsense improvements to the law, but repealing without a  replacement plan is simply unacceptable. It is chaos.   As my colleague from Virginia reminded us with a touching letter that  he read from his constituent, let's remember what health care reform  means to families across this country, why we have this bill in the  first place. Americans with preexisting conditions, like asthma,  diabetes, heart disease, and cancer, can no longer be denied access to  health insurance coverage. Children can stay on their parents' plans  until they are 26, a dramatic change that helps so many families across  America. Women are no longer charged more than men for health  insurance.   We had a lot of issues when we debated this bill, making sure that  being a woman or being a victim of domestic violence was not a  preexisting condition. I see the Senator from Michigan, Ms. Stabenow,  who fought for maternity benefits. I will never forget the story in her  committee, when one of the Senators suggested that maybe maternity  benefits shouldn't be mandatory as part of a plan because he had never  used them. Without missing a beat, Senator Stabenow looked across the  table and said: I bet your mother did.   The point is, we made good changes in this bill that help people.  There are no longer annual or lifetime limits on how much health  insurance companies will cover. All health insurance plans must now  cover a basic set of services, which includes mental health care,  addiction treatment, prescription drug coverage.   If the ACA is repealed, nearly 30 million Americans could lose access  to health insurance, increasing the number of uninsured by 103 percent.  More than 80 percent of these Americans are members of working  families. In Minnesota, it is estimated that 380,000 fewer people would  have health insurance in 2019 if full repeal is successful.   Many Minnesotans have contacted me in the last few months, frightened  about the future of their health care coverage.   I heard from a man in Orono. His wife was diagnosed with cancer this  year. On top of everything his family is now dealing with, he is  terrified that his family will lose coverage if there is a repeal. He  wrote to me, begging me to help. He and his family will be bankrupt by  the cost of his wife's treatment if they lose their health insurance.   I heard from a 24-year-old young woman from St. Paul. She has a  chronic disease, and her medication would cost $4,000 a month. Thanks  to the ACA, she has been able to stay on her dad's health insurance  plan, which covers a significant amount of these costs. If she isn't  able to remain on her dad's plan, she will not be able to afford the  lifesaving medication she needs.    I heard from small business owners in Aurora. Before health care  reform, one of the owners had a lifelong preexisting condition and was  denied access to health insurance. Once the Affordable Care Act took  effect, she was finally able to purchase coverage through her small  business. She also qualified for the small business tax credit. She  reached out to me because she fears she will lose the coverage she  needs to stay healthy and be able to run her business.   I heard the story of a woman from Crystal. She works two part-time  jobs, neither of which offers health insurance. Before health care  reform, she couldn't afford to go to a doctor. Thanks to the Affordable  Care Act, she gained coverage through Minnesota's Medicaid expansion  and was able to get treatments she needed and wouldn't have been able  to afford without her insurance. Now she is scared she will lose her  coverage. If the Medicaid expansion is repealed, she knows she will not  be able to afford any of the treatment she needs.   These are just some of the heartbreaking stories of people who have  contacted my office. There are many more. The Affordable Care Act  repeal will have real consequences for families in Minnesota and across  the country, but families aren't the only ones who will see the  negative impacts. They are going to see it through rural hospitals.  Health care reform provided a lifeline to these hospitals by extending  coverage to millions of patients who can now get prescription drugs and  treatment without having to turn to emergency rooms for assistance.  This lifeline was helpful in three ways.   First, the health care reform law included a provision to extend  prescription drug discounts--between 25 and 50 percent--to over 1,000  rural hospitals through the 340B Program. The RiverView Health facility  in Crookston used the savings from the 340B Program to recruit  orthopedic surgeons and oncology specialists, update equipment, start a  clinic, and start a 24/7 onsite lab.  [[Page S165]]    Second, the Medicaid expansion, under health care reform, provided  coverage for millions of previously uninsured patients in rural States.  This means crucial new revenue for rural hospitals.   Third, health care reform enabled nearly 2 million rural Americans,  including in my State, to purchase subsidized private coverage on  exchanges last year alone--which is an 11-percent increase from 2015.  Even with these gains, the National Rural Health Association recently  said that most rural hospitals have been ``operating on a break-even  margin or at a loss in certain cases.'' These hospitals can't afford to  see a repeal of the ACA with no replacement that works for them.   As we look to improvements, I would mention a few things with  prescription drug prices. According to a 2016 Reuters report, prices  for 4 of the Nation's top 10 drugs increased more than 100 percent  since 2011. The report also shows that sales for those ten drugs went  up 44 percent between 2011 and 2014, even though they were prescribed  22 percent less. In any given month, about half of all Americans and 90  percent of seniors take a prescription drug.   So what has happened? The price of insulin has tripled in the last  decade. The price of the antibiotic doxycycline went from $20 a bottle  to nearly $2,000 a bottle in 6 months. As was pointed out, naloxone, a  rescue medication for those suffering from opioid overdose, was priced  at $690 in 2014 but is $4,500 today. This is a rip-off, and this cycle  can't continue. A recent study showed that one in four Americans whose  prescription drug costs went up said they were unable to pay their  medical bills. They are skipping mortgage payments. They are not being  able to pay their bills.   So what are some solutions? I recently introduced and am leading a  bill, with a number of other Senators, for negotiation for prices under  Medicare Part D. The President-elect has voiced support for this kind  of effort. Let's get it done.   Secondly, drug importation. Senator McCain and I introduced and  reintroduced our bill again, which allows for less expensive drugs to  come in from Canada so we finally have some competition. It would  simply require the FDA to establish a personal importation program that  would allow Americans to import a 90-day supply of prescription drugs  from an approved and safe Canadian pharmacy. We wouldn't need this if  we didn't have these escalating prices.   Third, Senator Grassley and I have a proposal to crack down on pay- for-delay that prevents less expensive generic drugs from entering the  market.   Finally, Senators Leahy, Grassley, Mike Lee, and I have introduced  our bipartisan Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent  Samples Act, to make it easier for generics to enter the market and  stay in the market. The answer to this is competition, and we are not  going to have competition if we deny access to that competition.   In conclusion, no family should be forced to decide between buying  food and filling a prescription or paying the mortgage and taking a  drug as prescribed. It is time to pass legislation to ensure that  Americans have access to the drugs they need at the prices they can  afford. I am more than happy to talk to my colleagues about some of  these proposals, but we simply cannot repeal this bill with no plan on  the table to replace it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   