 Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to highlight  my amendment, floor amendment Number 58 to H.R. 2810, the National  Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).   Among the battles fought by the United States (U.S.) during World War  II were many battles throughout the Pacific, sometimes referred to as  the Asia-Pacific. From 1941 through 1945, U.S. service members fought  on land, in the air, and at sea through numerous South Pacific islands  to secure peace and defend our democracy and freedom. Our nation  suffered over 150,000 casualties in the war.   My amendment recognizes that while Pearl Harbor memorializes the  beginning of the Pacific War (the USS Arizona) and the end of the  Pacific War (the USS Missouri), there is no memorial honoring our  service members who defended our country and gave their lives during  the Pacific War. As such, my amendment expresses the sense of Congress  that there should be such a memorial established at or near the Pearl  Harbor site of the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument  in Honolulu, Hawai`i.   The idea for a Pacific War Memorial originated with Admiral Lloyd  ``Joe'' Vasey, who turned 100 years old earlier this year. Admiral  Vasey served aboard the submarine USS Gunnel in the Pacific during  World War II, under John S. McCain, Jr., father of U.S. Senator John  McCain. During a fierce battle aboard the Gunnel, Admiral Vasey thought  to himself, ``There has to be a better way to resolve international  disputes.'' Years later, Admiral Vasey put that thought into action and  founded the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), also  known as the Pacific Forum, to promote peace in the Asia-Pacific.   In the words of Admiral Vasey: ``There is no recognition of the brave  Americans who were lost in the Pacific War . . . They are resting on  the bottom of the Pacific Ocean somewhere, or their remains are  scattered across the South Pacific islands. We need to honor them, and  their families need a place to mourn.''   I wholeheartedly agree with Admiral Vasey and feel strongly that the  location of such a memorial should be in Hawai`i, preferably at Pearl  Harbor near the USS Arizona and USS Missouri. It would be fitting to  share the stories of the brave service members who fought and gave  their lives in the Pacific War alongside sites that commemorate events  and other U.S. service members of the Pacific during World War II.   I thank my House colleagues for supporting Admiral Vasey's idea and  my amendment to H.R. 2810. I look forward to continuing my work with my  colleagues to make Admiral  [[Page H5753]]  Vasey's desire for a Pacific War memorial a reality.   