 Madam President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support my bipartisan amendment with Senator Lee calling for a ``think  first'' assessment of recent Russian violations of the Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces Treaty and the response of the United States.   The INF Treaty has been the bedrock of European security for nearly  three decades, and Congress must ask a few reasonable questions before  we fund a missile research and development program that our military  leaders have not asked for, that our allies do not want, that would  undermine the spirit and intent of our longstanding treaty commitment,  and that would make the world a more dangerous place.   No one is more concerned about Russia's recent aggression than I am.  From their annexation of Crimea to their meddling in our election and  the elections of our allies, Russia's behavior must be met with a firm  and unequivocal response.   Last month, I traveled to the Baltics to see firsthand the threat  Russia poses to NATO allies and to meet with senior U.S. Army officials  and local political leaders. On that trip, one thing was abundantly  clear: We need to be tough in the face of Russian provocation, but we  also need to be smart. That is what our amendment is about today. It  isn't about playing politics; it is about smart, strategic, informed  toughness that advances the interests of the United States of America.   The INF treaty, negotiated and signed by President Reagan nearly 30  years ago, erased an entire class of nuclear weapons from the European  continent. It eliminated ground-launched missiles with a range of 500  to 5,500 kilometers--roughly up to twice the distance between Moscow  and Paris. This is also the same class of missile that Russia deployed  earlier this year, in violation of the treaty.   Russia's treaty violations have been widely reported. There is no  question that bringing Russia back into compliance with the treaty must  be a top priority. Russian compliance is in the best interest of the  United States, it is in the best interest of our European and Asia  Pacific allies, and it is ultimately in the best interest of the  Russian Federation. But this is a tough job. Our military leaders have  told us they see no indication that Russia plans to resume honoring its  treaty obligations anytime soon.   In the short term, we must ensure that Russia does not gain a  military advantage from its violation and that Russia--Russia--takes  the blame on the world stage for breaking this treaty. We cannot  accomplish these goals by signaling to the world that we have lost  faith in the very treaty we seek to preserve. But that is exactly what  section 1635 of the NDAA would do. This section calls for the  ``establishment of a research and development program for a dual- capable, road-mobile, ground-launched missile system with a maximum  range of 5,500 kilometers''--or, in plain language, the development of  a new nuclear missile that we have publicly sworn never to test or  deploy.    The proposed R&D program is in itself not a violation of the INF  treaty, which only bans testing and deployment, but there is no denying  that such a missile program is a violation of the spirit and intent of  our treaty commitment, and that is exactly how our allies and  adversaries alike will see it.   The reality of this proposal is crystal clear: Either we are  authorizing millions of taxpayer dollars to be wasted on research and  development of a missile we never intend to build or test, or we are  pushing the door wide open to an upcoming violation of the INF Treaty.   In opening that door, we would be signaling not only to the Russians  but also to our treaty partners around the world that the United States  is preparing to walk away from a nuclear treaty commitment. In sending  that signal, we are basically giving Russia the excuse it is looking  for to shed remaining international constraints, to justify an  acceleration of its intermediate-range nuclear program, and to spark a  new contest of nuclear escalation. Such a move can quickly increase the  number of nuclear weapons deployed throughout the world and send the  globe into a second cold war reality--a reality where we live with the  constant threat that one preemptive move, one miscalculation could wipe  away everything we hold dear.   Supporters claim that a new missile is needed not only to compete  with Russia but also to counter a more assertive China, which is not  bound by the agreement. But I have seen no evidence to support these  arguments. If anything, a tit-for-tat response is more likely to  embolden Putin to up the ante by deploying some more missiles and  perhaps withdrawing from the INF Treaty altogether.   The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Paul Selva, has  already told us that a new intermediate-range missile is not necessary  to hold targets in China at risk.   To ensure that our response to Russian treaty violations is based in  international strategy rather than just in knee-jerk responses, Senator  Lee and I are offering a commonsense amendment requiring that before we  spend a dime of taxpayer money on the proposed missile program, the  Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State should work together to  address a few critical questions.   First, what is the status, capability, and threat posed to our allies  by Russia's new ground-launched cruise missile?   Secretary Mattis has stated that Russia's treaty violation would not  provide Russia with a ``significant military advantage.'' Is this still  the Secretary's assessment? General Selva has said: ``Given the  location of the specific missile and the deployment, [the Russians]  don't gain any advantage in Europe.'' Is this still the general's  assessment? We should not blindly commit taxpayer money and undermine  our treaty commitment without understanding the threat.   Second, does our military believe that a new ground-launched,  intermediate-range missile that is not compliant with our treaty  obligations is our most effective response to Russia?   The Pentagon did not request funding for a new intermediate-range  missile. According to a report by the Pentagon just last year, there  are multiple options on the table to pressure Russia back into treaty  compliance, including enhancements to the European Reassurance  Initiative and additional active defenses. That is in addition to the  other available tools of national power that could strengthen, rather  than weaken, the INF Treaty.   The Pentagon advocated for just such a multipronged approach, writing  that ``Russia's return to compliance with its obligations under the INF  treaty remains the preferable outcome, which argues against unilateral  U.S. withdrawal or abrogation of the INF treaty at this time.''   With the Pentagon reviewing options, Congress's proposed playground  approach of ``if you build a ground-based missile, I will build one  too'' is not the strategic response of generals and statesmen. In fact,  the administration has said that this new program would ``unhelpfully''  tie them ``to a specific type of missile system . . . which would limit  potential military response options'' at a time when DOD, State, and  Treasury are ``developing an integrated diplomatic, military, and  economic response strategy to maximize pressure on Russia.'' We must  let our military leaders and our diplomats  [[Page S5726]]  do their jobs and inform Congress before we act.   Third question: Will our NATO allies stand with us in this response,  and will any of our allies even be willing to host such a missile  system if we decide to deploy it?   Given our geographic advantages, a missile of this range does no good  on U.S. soil; it only works if it is installed on the ground of our  NATO allies.   The last time the United States weighed a land-based escalation in  Europe, millions of citizens took to the streets in protest, and in the  21st century, that call for nuclear disarmament of the European  continent has only grown. As General Selva recently acknowledged, we  don't even know whether any of our European allies would permit the  deployment of a nuclear-capable ground-launched missile on their  territory.   During the Cold War, Russian deployments of land-based cruise  missiles targeting Europe were, in part, a ploy to cause division among  the NATO countries, and the same could be said today. It is critical  that we respond as one indivisible NATO coalition, unshaken by Russia's  provocations.   So that is it--three must-ask questions deserving of must-have  answers: What is the nature of the threat? What is the Pentagon's  recommended military response? What action unites us with our NATO  allies? Until we have those answers, heading down the path of  destroying the INF Treaty is grossly irresponsible.    Support to reduce the number of nuclear weapons and prevent their  spread to more nations has always been a nonpartisan issue.   When President Reagan signed this treaty into law, he said that  ``patience, determination, and commitment made this impossible vision  [of the INF Treaty] a reality.'' Ever since then, the treaty has served  as the bedrock of our efforts to build a safe and peaceful world in a  nuclear age; to build a world where schoolchildren spend their days  learning to read and write, not practicing duck-and-cover drills; to  build a world where families live in hope for what tomorrow may bring,  not in fear that a flash of light may sweep away everything they love;  to build a world that looks to the United States to steadily lead  toward sustained peace and security. This amendment continues in that  spirit.   I thank Senator Lee for his leadership on this bipartisan effort.  When we announced this amendment, he said that the amendment ``would  set the precedent that the [United States] should not immediately react  to an adversary's treaty violation by violating the same treaty  ourselves. That's not how working in good faith in the international  community is done.'' He is right.   I want to acknowledge Senator Cardin, the ranking member on the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Feinstein, a longtime  arms control champion, and thank them for their leadership to prevent  nuclear proliferation and ensure that America upholds its international  obligations. I thank Senator Reed, the ranking member of the Armed  Services Committee, for his strong support on this issue. We are all  grateful for his efforts.   On the 30th anniversary of the treaty, we must give no cause to doubt  that the United States stands by its word, that it is committed to this  treaty, and that it is committed to working with allies to bring Russia  back into compliance.   The INF Treaty removed thousands of nuclear weapons from the face of  the globe, and we must be certain that we have exhausted all options  before we walk away from it.   Rather than simply dusting off a nuclear escalation play from the  early 1980s, I ask my colleagues to join us in allowing the Secretaries  of Defense and State to do their jobs, to weigh the options, and to  recommend a course of action. I ask them to join us in allowing  information and strategy to guide our policy. I ask them to join us in  supporting this amendment to the NDAA.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   