 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously  Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017. I thank Congressman Kilmer for his  vision and leadership on this critical issue.   This legislation would strengthen current Federal law to prohibit  threats against religious property, increase the penalty for damaging  religious property, and expand protected religious property to include  not just houses of worship, but also religiously affiliated nonprofits,  like Jewish community centers.   Over the past few years, there has been a frightening rise in  incidents of racism, Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, and xenophobia in the  U.S. and around the world. All too often, the perpetrators of hate  target houses of worship and other religious centers.   From the Sikh temple shooting in Wisconsin in 2012, to Charleston's  Emanuel AME Church shooting in 2015, to the mosque attack in London  this summer, and the firebombing of a synagogue in Sweden just this  past weekend, these violent, cowardly bigots go after what is most  sacred to the communities they so odiously abhor.   While the hateful incidents that result in loss of life are  undoubtedly the most tragic, any threat or attack against religious  property can shake communities to their core.   The Jewish community of south Florida, sadly, knows this firsthand.  [[Page H9777]]  Last year, a man planned to bomb a synagogue in Aventura in my  congressional district during Passover. He was caught, thankfully, but  incidents like this proliferating around the country are instilling  fear, causing unease, and requiring additional security measures to be  deployed. Sadly, in south Florida, this was not an isolated incident.   Mr. Speaker, I will say that, although not specifically an attack  against a Jewish institution, I remember my children, then in  preschool, attended preschool at our local JCC and, after the 9/11  attack, my husband racing to their school to take them out of school  that day because of the panic that was instilled that automatically  occurs in every Jewish family's life with children in a Jewish  institution when there is a terrorist attack. We are constantly on edge  as to whether or not our community is next.   It is deeply disturbing that the people in my community who attend  synagogues and visit our Jewish community centers do so knowing these  domestic terrorists intentionally want us to feel uneasy about it.  Their mission is to instill fear in the hearts of Jews, Muslims, and  other religious minorities so that we will not feel at home in America.    And they are not relenting. The most recent annual report on hate  crimes by the FBI showed that there was nearly a 5 percent increase in  incidents last year. It is the first time in 10 years that America has  experienced consecutive annual increases in reported hate crimes.   More than half of the religiously based hate crimes were anti-Jewish,  and a quarter of them were anti-Muslim. We cannot let bigoted threats  and vandalism become the new normal.   We must pass this legislation to make it 100 percent clear that, in  the view of Congress, when it comes to religious bigotry, there are not  good people on both sides.    We must pass this legislation to make anti- Semitic and Islamophobic cowards think twice before they spread fear,  while hiding behind a computer or a phone.   We must pass this legislation to ensure that America is always a  refuge from religious persecution. I deeply wish this legislation were  not needed, Mr. Speaker, but, sadly, it is. I urge my colleagues to  support this important legislation.   