 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Alabama for  his able testimony in regard to this resolution.   I rise today in support of this resolution because it will reverse an  unlawful power grab and restore responsible worker health and safety  policies.   Article I of the Constitution is clear. It is the Members of this  body--the legislative branch--who write the law. Why? Because we are  closest to the people and, therefore, more responsive to the needs and  demands of those we serve.   It is the responsibility of the executive branch to enforce the  laws--not write them. Unfortunately, the previous administration failed  to abide by this founding principle. President Obama boasted about his  days teaching constitutional law, yet his administration tried time and  time again to rewrite the law unilaterally through executive fiat.   The Volks rule is just one example of this unprecedented overreach.  Under Occupational Safety and Health Act regulations, employers are  required to record injuries and illnesses and retain those records for  5 years. This information has long been used by safety inspectors and  employers to identify gaps in safety and enhance protections for  workers.   To ensure hazards are addressed in a timely manner, the law  explicitly provides a 6-month window under which an employer can be  cited for failing to keep proper records--6 months. But never one to  let the law stand in the way of its partisan agenda, the Obama  administration decided to unfairly target a Louisiana construction  company for recordkeeping errors from nearly 5 years earlier.   That's right, 5 years. Not even remotely close to what the law passed  by Congress permits. The consequences of this unlawful power grab were  predictable. Employers large and small faced significant regulatory  confusion and legal uncertainty. Fortunately, a Federal appeals court  unanimously struck down this power grab as my colleague from Alabama  has cited. Even President Obama's nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge  Merrick Garland, referred to OSHA's action as unreasonable.   How did the Obama administration respond to this judicial rebuke? It  completely ignored the court's ruling. The agency doubled down on its  abuse of power and tried to rewrite the law extending the threat of  penalty from 6 months to 5 years.   Again, it is Congress that writes laws, not government agencies. That  is precisely why we must support this resolution. By supporting H.J.  Res. 83, we will provide more certainty for small businesses and uphold  the rule of law. Just as importantly, we must demand a better approach  to worker health and safety. To be clear, this rule does nothing--I  repeat nothing--to improve the health and safety of America's workers.   Instead of shaming employers, OSHA should collaborate with employers  and develop a proactive approach that will keep workers safe. That is  exactly what Republicans have demanded for years, and we will continue  to demand so in the years ahead no matter which party has the  Presidency.   As my colleague from Alabama has said, this is exactly the  appropriate way to block this unlawful rule, not only because the  agency has no authority to do what it did, but because it is why we  have the CRA.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to block an unlawful rule by voting  in favor of H.J. Res. 83. I wish to thank the chairman of the Workforce  Protections Subcommittee, Representative Byrne, for his leadership on  this important issue.   