 Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of  the House and offer a resolution previously noticed.  [[Page H4524]]     I do, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, under clause 1 of rule IX, questions of the  privileges of the House are those affecting the rights of the House  collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its  proceedings. I believe that the dignity of this institution is at risk  each day that passes without this body exercising its statutory  authority and constitutional duty to operate as a coequal branch of  government.   The legislative branch of government has the responsibility and  authority to keep a proper check on the executive branch under section  6103 of the Internal Revenue Code. Specifically, three committees have  jurisdiction to request tax returns: the Committee on Ways and Means,  the Senate Finance Committee, and the Joint Committee on Taxation. This  provision has been part of our Federal Tax Code since 1924 to  facilitate full and complete investigations into scandals that rise to  the level of national importance.   Nothing could rise to the level of national importance like the  possible financial entanglements our President may have with Russian  entities and individuals. This situation is truly unprecedented. It is  our sworn duty to uphold the integrity of this institution and examine  all the relevant details related to this issue.   Each week we see yet another fact in the growing case of  entanglements between our President, his campaign and closest advisers,  and Russian officials. The most recent troubling report occurred just  last week when we learned that the President himself reportedly made  statements directly to Russian officials during an Oval Office meeting  regarding the FBI investigation into his campaign ties with Russia.  This is the same meeting where the President took it upon himself to  reveal highly classified information to Russian officials.   How long can this body allow these types of actions to go unchecked?    I understand, Mr. Speaker. I promise that they relate to  the question at issue.   Mr. Speaker, further, the American people deserve to know if  President Trump has exploited the Federal Tax Code for improper  personal gain.   The personal business endeavors of the leader of the free world  should be exercised to the highest possible standard. Specifically, the  President's business dealings around the world make him more prone to  potential conflicts of interest than any President in history. However,  the President did not take adequate steps to mitigate any potential  issues. He was advised by the Office of Government Ethics to divest  himself of his business entanglements. The President chose to ignore  this sound advice.   It is now the duty of this body to restore integrity to the oversight  process. Our democracy should be an example to the world. Today we have  the opportunity to ensure that it is achieved through taking up this  overdue investigation. It is only then we can restore the dignity and  integrity of the House through exercise of our constitutional duty.   For these reasons, this resolution raises a question of the  privileges of the House and should be allowed a vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.  [[Page H4525]]     Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   