 Madam Speaker, our Tax Code is a statement of  our values, and I can tell you that this tax bill doesn't reflect my  values nor those of the American people. This bill favors the wealthy  over the middle class, it favors corporations over the working  families, and it favors special interests over everyday Americans.   Madam Speaker, this tax bill raises taxes for 36 million middle class  Americans, and it cashes a check for $2.3 trillion worth of debt that  will be left for our children and grandchildren to pay.   This tax bill gives permanent tax cuts for corporations and  multinationals while making the tax cuts for regular taxpayers  temporary.   This tax bill preserves tax deductions for certain industries but  does away with tax cuts in the Code that help everyday Americans. It  eliminates the deduction for State and local taxes. It also limits  mortgage interest deductions and limits the medical expense deduction  affecting 9 million households.   The independent group, the Tax Policy Center, estimates that almost  half of the tax cuts, 47 percent of the tax cuts, will go to the top 1  percent.   Madam Speaker, this bill devastates education. Education is truly the  investment in our human capital, our workforce. It eliminates  deductions for interest on student loans. It eliminates deductions for  teachers who buy supplies. It eliminates lifetime learning credits, and  it eliminates employer tuition assistance.   This bill adds a special tax on the endowments of colleges and  universities which will reduce scholarships and increase the cost of  college for average, everyday Americans.   Cities and towns will be decimated by this bill. This bill eliminates  tax incentives such as private activity bonds, new markets tax credits,  and historic tax credits which dramatically affect the ability to  build libraries and hospitals, and to fund roads, bridges, and  broadband infrastructure. These are critical investments, Madam  Speaker, in the public service that spur economic growth.    Madam Speaker, this tax bill has it backwards. This Congress should  value its constituents first, not Wall Street, and not special  interests--its constituents first.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this tax bill  because it doesn't represent the values that our constituents sent us  here to this hallowed place, Congress, to represent. We should be  representing them and not the special interests.  [[Page H9359]]        