 Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues from the  Congressional Black Caucus for coming out and speaking out.   I rise today to express concern and strong opposition to President- elect Trump Cabinet nominations for Attorney General, Secretary of  Education,  [[Page H226]]  and Secretary of Health and Human Services. President-elect Trump chose  not to practice what he preached, and he didn't drain the swamp.  Instead, he nominated politically divisive individuals to serve in his  administration.   Throughout a public service career spanning more than 30 years,  Senator Sessions used the power of the courts to discriminate against  civil rights leaders. He allegedly used racially charged language to  disparage minorities, expressed support for the KKK, and then tried to  dismiss it as a joke. He celebrated the gutting of the Voting Rights  Act and opposed same-sex marriage. He denied the constitutionality of  Roe v. Wade and voted against greater access to health care for  veterans. He blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act and voted against the  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. He does not respect  the rights of minorities or women, and he has proven himself to be  unfit to serve as United States Attorney General.   Education is the great equalizer. One of the most important  investments families make is in their children. The Secretary of  Education must be committed to providing a free, world-class education  to all students regardless of race, gender, ability, status, financial  means, or geography.   Unfortunately, Betsy DeVos has consistently fought for private school  vouchers that divert funds from public schools, our communities, and  our children who need these investments the most. She has even used her  personal wealth to lobby against important transparency and  accountability measures that would have provided necessary safeguards  for Michigan students.   DeVos' track record of undermining public education and her lack of  commitment to defending the civil rights of students causes me great  pause in her quest to become Secretary of Education. I can't support  it. Betsy DeVos, absolutely no.   Finally, Chairman Price. He has made it clear that his budget  priorities are highly partisan. We can expect that if he is confirmed,  he will strip 20 million people of affordable health care, women would  be denied their right to contraception and reproductive health care,  and devastating cuts would be levied against Medicaid funding. We can't  go back to a time when being a woman is a preexisting condition for  insurance coverage. Chairman Price's nomination offers just that.   These folks will not unite the American people, and they cannot be  trusted to advocate for our most vulnerable populations, so I urge my  Senate colleagues to oppose the confirmations of Senator Jeff Sessions,  Betsy DeVos, and Chairman Tom Price.   