 Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded  vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded  vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentlewoman from California seek  recognition?    Yes, sir. I seek recognition to get  an explanation of what happened on C-SPAN today.   Did this House have anything to do with it?   I would like to explain that today while I spoke on the House floor  on H.R. 78----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will suspend.   Is the gentlewoman seeking unanimous consent to address the House for  1 minute?    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Yes, I am.    Mr. Speaker, today while I spoke on  the House floor on H.R. 78, the state-owned Russian channel called  ``Russia Today'' suddenly interrupted my speech, and C-SPAN coverage  was replaced with Russian programming.   Can the Chair please explain the proper rules for coverage of House  floor proceedings? How did this happen?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will inform the gentlewoman that  the Chair has no information on this at this point.    Mr. Speaker, today while I spoke on  the House floor on H.R. 78, the state-owned Russian channel called  ``Russia Today'' suddenly interrupted my speech, and C-SPAN coverage  was replaced with Russian programming.   Can the Chair please explain the proper rules for coverage of House  floor proceedings? How did this happen?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will inform the gentlewoman that  the Chair has no information on this at this point.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to request  an investigation of this incident because it does not seem to be  coincidental. I was speaking about the SEC, and I was speaking about  President-elect Trump and how he could influence the SEC and his  relationship with Russia when I was interrupted.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. As debate, the gentlewoman's remarks will  appear in the Record.    Mr. Speaker, I am requesting an  investigation by the House.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. As debate, the gentlewoman's remarks will  appear in the Record.    Mr. Speaker, I am requesting an  investigation by the House.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot unilaterally grant an  investigation. The gentlewoman is welcome to use whatever other  procedural means that she may have at her disposal to effect a result.    I thank the Chair. I have made it  known. I have asked for the investigation. If there is no assistance  from the House, I would appreciate allowing other kinds of cooperation.   I must say this, Mr. Speaker, if we were sitting in on the House and  if we were streaming, then the House would know what to do since they  investigated our past actions when we were trying to bring attention to  gun violence in this country. So I don't really accept the fact that  the House has no role in this and that it should not be participating  in it.   The House participates when it wants to, and I am asking the House to  participate and investigate in this the same way you did when you  decided that somehow it was improper for us to stream from the House on  this issue.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman yields back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.    No, I don't yield back.   