 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today would put some of our  most sensitive lands at risk and limit the voices of experts, all to  further construction of dangerous projects that could harm local  communities.   First, H.R. 2883 undermines the National Environmental Policy Act and  tips the scales in favor of massive, controversial oil and gas pipeline  and electric transmission projects. Transboundary projects like this  often travel for hundreds of miles, last for decades, and pass through  sensitive and Native lands and important aquifers. And, as we all know,  pipelines leak.   That is why there is currently a rigorous Federal review process that  takes into account the impact of these projects on the environment and  the communities along their route.   Today, in order to construct an oil pipeline, a natural gas pipeline,  or an electrical transmission line that crosses the U.S. border with  Canada or Mexico, a Presidential permit must first be obtained, as well  as additional approvals from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-- FERC--the Department of Energy, or the Department of Defense, depending  on the type of pipeline.    This review process helps us to understand the environmental impact  of these projects and it allows communities and landowners along the  route to weigh in with their concerns. All of this helps to keep  communities safe from hazardous substances that, if spilled or ignited,  could have catastrophic consequences. Yet the majority is proposing  this measure to severely limit that rigorous review.   The bill effectively exempts these massive projects from  environmental and safety review under the National Environmental Policy  Act. It narrows the approval process and environmental review to just  the ``cross-border segment'' of projects that physically cross the  border with Canada or Mexico rather than, presently, the entire trans- boundary project. So inside the United States, anything goes.   Instead of requiring an agency to affirmatively find a project is in  the public interest, the bill also places a burden of proof on the  opponents of the project to show that it is not in the public interest.  If that wasn't bad enough, the legislation would also give new life to  the controversial projects that have already been denied, for very good  reason, by allowing permits to be resubmitted under this sham process.   Second, H.R. 2910 would supercharge the natural gas pipeline approval  process, putting private property rights in jeopardy and hindering  important environmental reviews.   The bill gives the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission almost  complete authority and severely limits the input of expert entities  tasked with protecting the environment, our natural resources, and  public health.   Mr. Speaker, I want to remind those watching today just how  streamlined the natural gas pipeline approval process already is. The  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is basically a rubber-stamp  entity. It almost never denies a pipeline project. On average, 88  percent of projects are approved within 1 year, and then we think about  the consequences later.   In fact, FERC officials have testified that what is mostly slowing  down the applications is that the applicants themselves fail to submit  the necessary information to perform congressionally mandated project  reviews. So this bill is a solution in search of a problem.   Third, H.R. 218 revives an ill-advised proposal to build a road to  the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge and its world-class wetlands.   This proposal has been, as pointed out for a number of decades,  rejected by multiple State and Federal agencies on numerous occasions  over the past 30 years. It has been exhaustively studied time and time  again, and, every single time, the results have been clear. The road is  not the most viable option for the residents of King Cove and would do  irreparable damage to the refuge.   Yet the majority is ignoring three decades of expert analysis and  public input in an effort to green light this damaging road through a  congressionally designated wilderness area. More efficient and viable  options exist, including the addition of a heliport and construction of  a new airport, which we should be focusing on because a road is the  wrong approach.   Mr. Speaker, we all know this, but I think we do need to be reminded  from time to time that we are the stewards of our environment and this  planet and the land only while we are alive. None of us ever really own  it. We do, however, have an obligation to protect it, care for it, and  make sure that it exists for future generations. These bills fail that  test.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to bring up Representative Pascrell of New Jersey's Bring Jobs  Home Act, H.R. 685. This bill will close the tax loophole that rewards  companies from moving jobs overseas, while providing a tax credit to  companies that move jobs back to the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) to discuss our proposal.    I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, the American people may be scratching  their heads wondering why, with everything going on in the world, we  are prioritizing bills that put our environment at risk--bills the  Senate may never take up.   Let me remind them that the majority is just doing the bidding of an  administration that has shown a complete disregard for air, water, and  land. The administration has already proposed a budget that would slash  the Environmental Protection Agency by 32 percent. This would harm not  only conservation and climate efforts, but thousands of jobs  nationwide.   As a microbiologist, I know firsthand the importance of science in  our legislative process, yet the majority has refused to give science  and facts their rightful place in policy debates that we have.   From drastically reducing funding for the Environmental Protection  Agency, and by discrediting climate change, to attempting to eliminate  safeguards for our genetic privacy, the majority and this  administration have worked hand in hand to ruthlessly roll back the  scientific advancements that we have made.   It is shameful that we are here today considering bills that would  silence experts and risk the health and safety of our communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question on the  rule and the bills, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   