 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2874, legislation  that will make flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less  fair for consumers.   At the outset, let me just say that I appreciate the time and effort  that Chairman Hensarling and Mr. Duffy spent in responding to my calls  for bipartisanship. We sat down multiple times to discuss areas where  we could find compromise and a path forward.   Although our discussions were ultimately not successful and I  strongly oppose this bill, I continue to believe that flood insurance  really can be a bipartisan issue. In fact, I have a long history of  working across the aisle on the National Flood Insurance Program.   In 2012, I coauthored the Biggert-Waters Act with former  Representative Judy Biggert, and in 2014, when FEMA's botched  implementation of the premium increases called for in that law led to  unintended consequences, lawmakers from across the aisle joined me once  again to pass the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act.   Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of Members from both sides of  the aisle, I cannot support H.R. 2874 because it contains many  provisions that will harm American families and businesses.   First and most importantly, the bill makes flood insurance more  expensive. This bill will punish low and middle class Americans with  increased premiums, surcharges, and reserve fund assessments. In the  wake of a historic hurricane season that devastated so many  communities, it is unconscionable that we are considering a bill that  would make flood insurance less affordable. We should be focussing on  providing additional disaster relief and recovery after these  devastating storms, not punishing these communities with higher  premiums and surcharges.   It is clear that there are those who choose to live near the coast as  a luxury, but there are also those who live in floodplains who are low-  and middle-income families with modest homes, including some  neighborhoods that are predominantly minority. This is because of the  sad history of government-endorsed racism in access to credit and in  neighborhood planning that pushed minorities into the bad parts of  town, which, in some cases, were bad because they were prone to  flooding.   These communities also often lack the resources to make upgrades to  their homes and infrastructure to guard against future flood risk and  are the least able to recover after a flood. The Lower Ninth Ward in  New Orleans is a prime example.   Another example is Greenspoint, a business district in Houston that  was one of the hardest hit by Harvey. One in three residents in  Greenspoint lives below the poverty line. Families in Greenspoint were  still living in water-damaged and moldy units from flooding last year  when they were hit again by Harvey.  [[Page H9227]]    There is no simple answer to our Nation's flooding problems, but I do  know that raising the premiums and racking these up on policyholders  will only hurt families as well as our economy.   Second, the bill makes flood insurance less available by allowing  businesses to opt out of the requirement to purchase flood insurance,  even if they are a high-risk property in a flood zone.   What is more, the bill kicks out certain low-value homes from the  NFIP by prohibiting coverage for any home with claims that, over the  entire history of the property, following enactment, even if it changes  hands, exceed three times the replacement value of the structure.   This provision is so ill-conceived that the American Bankers  Association wrote: ``Cutting off such properties from NFIP coverage  will likely lead to significant hardship for homeowners, lenders, and  communities. As borrowers lose NFIP coverage, and especially if  alternative private coverage is not available or affordable, these  properties will lose value, and the risk of abandonment and/or  foreclosure increases dramatically. In some flood-prone communities,  this could lead to a local or regional foreclosure crisis.''   Third, the bill makes flood insurance less fair for policyholders. In  the wake of this historic hurricane season, it is astounding to me that  the bill does nothing to fund flood maps so that we can better protect  families. Oftentimes, communities are unaware of their true flood risk;  and by not providing any funding for flood maps, building in areas with  no information about flood risk will only continue.   Climate change will only make these storms more frequent, stronger,  and more devastating than ever before, and we must make sure that the  NFIP remains available and affordable to all Americans, not make it  worse.   For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2874,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver), the ranking member of the  Housing and Insurance Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the ranking  member of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez), the ranking member of  the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. David Scott), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green), the ranking member of the  Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee on the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Crist), a leading voice on flood  insurance and climate issues and a member of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Richmond), the chair of the  Congressional Black Caucus and a long time leader on flood insurance  issues.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), a senior member of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and someone who has been  working hard to try and have a bipartisan effort on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  [[Page H9234]]  gentleman from New York (Mr. King), a senior member of the Financial  Services Committee who has worked a long time for bipartisanship on  reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Capuano), a senior member of the  Committee on Financial Services and a strong progressive leader.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, let me say to my colleagues on the opposite side of the  aisle, my chairmen, Mr. Hensarling and Mr. Duffy, we did work very hard  to try and get a bipartisan bill.   As I negotiated with them, every time I reached an impasse, I thought  about Sandy and how hard Democrats had to work to provide support for  an area that should have gotten the support of everyone in the Congress  of the United States. However, there was a demand from the opposite  side of the aisle that it had to be paid for. We worked very hard to  give them assistance, and they still have not been made whole.   Every time I reached an impasse, I thought about Louisiana and the  work that I had done after Katrina and the visits that I have made  there, the people that I got to know, and what I really have learned to  understand about affordability.   Every time I reached an impasse, I thought about Florida, I thought  about Texas and what has happened recently with these storms.   Having worked in this way and having been a coauthor of Biggert- Waters and having been the author of the Homeowner Flood Insurance  Affordability Act, I think I know something about storms, something  about the devastation that has been caused to families and communities,  and I insist on affordability.   Mr. Speaker, as Democrats and some Republicans have made clear, this  is a comprehensively bad bill that is harmful for families and  businesses. In the wake of one of the most disastrous hurricane seasons  in history, this bill would make flood insurance more expensive, less  available, and less fair for millions of Americans.   I have repeatedly stated that affordability is my top priority, which  is made worse by this bill. Even with the slight revisions that the  chairman has made, coverage would still be less available, and cherry- picking by the private sector would be encouraged, putting the  government on the hook for the riskiest of policies.   It is important to note that the biggest challenge to the National  Flood Insurance Program is its massive debt, which the bill only  addresses by charging hardworking Americans more for their flood  insurance. That is just not fair.   We have comprehensive support for this bill from both the private  sector and from our nonprofits. I don't know about any consumer  organizations that support this bill, but I do know this. I know that I  worked very hard to talk about mitigation and how I thought it could be  a program that the locals could be involved in with the Federal  Government. I know I worked very hard talking about the repetitive  occurrences that the chairman was concerned about, but I also offered  alternatives to what he is advocating.   I talked about outreach and education to them, about a buyout program  that they may join with and accept voluntarily. I know that I tried  everything that I could. I listened to Members from both sides of the  aisle, and I know that we both wanted to have a comprehensive bill that  was bipartisan.   Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that we end up with this bad bill. I  ask for a ``no'' vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   