 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 1259,  which would require the VA to submit a report to Congress at the end of  each fiscal year listing the bonuses that were awarded to senior-level  executives.   In 2015, VA employees received more than $177 million in bonuses,  which was 24 percent more than they received in 2014. The average bonus  for a senior executive was $10,000.   I have no doubt that the men and women of the VA serve our veterans  admirably each day. In my own district, I have spoken with veterans who  are grateful for the compassionate care that they receive from local VA  clinics throughout upstate New York. VA employees should be fairly  compensated for their work and awarded for their achievement.   It is also clear to me that there is more work to be done. Just this  month, an audit of several VA facilities in North Carolina and Virginia  revealed that wait times continue to be misrepresented and that nearly  14,000 veterans were denied access to timely care. The audit also found  that veterans were waiting an average of 26 days to see mental health  specialists, while the VA falsely reported average wait times of 6  days. In light of this information, the American people are right to  wonder who at the VA may be receiving a bonus this year.   My amendment adds a simple reporting requirement to the bill that  will streamline oversight of bonuses at the VA by requiring the agency  to proactively provide information to Congress that details the amount  of each bonus awarded to senior executives as well as the job titles of  the individuals and the location of their employment. Given the  patterns of mismanagement at the VA, the American people deserve to  know how bonuses are being awarded at the agency. This bill increases  transparency over the bonus process without placing any undue burdens  on the agency.   I would encourage my colleagues to support it, and I thank the  committee for the opportunity to offer this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Roe), who is the chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   