 Madam Speaker, I rise in enthusiastic  support of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act, or  the new GI Bill.   I thank Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz for leading the charge  so that we can bring this important legislation to the House floor  today.   I have the great honor of serving on the House Veterans' Affairs  Committee, a committee on which Democrats and Republicans work together  and work closely with our partners, the veterans service organizations.   The GI Bill we bring forward today is no exception. This strong  bipartisan legislation represents the biggest expansion of veterans'  educational benefits in a decade. It is a huge win for our Nation's  veterans.   The men and women of our military deserve the security of knowing  that, upon completion of their service to our country, they will be  able to embark on a fulfilling career and continue providing for their  families.   I want to highlight several of the veterans who represent why we need  this bill today. The first is a young man from my hometown of Cheshire.  He was a classmate of my middle son in high school, and who, at age 19,  lost his left leg and seriously injured his right leg when his unit was  hit by an IED in Afghanistan. He had been in the country 3 months. It  was the third IED.   He has been awarded a Purple Heart, but this young man and many  others would not, under the current GI Bill, be entitled to receive  educational benefits. That seems crazy, and it is. But this bill will  correct that injustice and ensure that all our Purple Heart heroes, our  American heroes are entitled to use those benefits because, regardless  of those months, they have served this country.   The second one I think of is a 90-plus-year-old, who doesn't like to  disclose his age, a Navy veteran from New Britain, Connecticut. He has  just earned his second master's degree. That is the point of the  lifelong benefits. We need educational benefits for life.   Again, this bill corrects the injustice for Guard and reservists,  lifelong benefits. It is a win for America. The military is changing.  The GI Bill needs to change with it.   