 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, like several in this Chamber, I was  asked for my input to the President on whom to nominate to the U.S.  Supreme Court. After much reflection, I recommended to the Vice  President that Judge Neil Gorsuch of Denver, CO, should fill the Scalia  seat on the Supreme Court.   I am, of course, very pleased that my advice was considered. I  offered that recommendation before I had an opportunity to sit down  one-on-one with Judge Gorsuch, although, in fairness, we had an  opportunity in the Senate to review Judge Gorsuch and his credentials  in 2006 when this body voted to confirm him by voice vote to the U.S.  Court of Appeals where he now sits. After spending time with this  exceptionally talented jurist and after reviewing his performance  before the Senate Judiciary Committee, my level of respect for him has  only grown.   Judge Gorsuch checks the box on every measure of what I am looking  for in a Supreme Court nominee. Intellectual capacity, experience,  independence, integrity--he has all of these. There is no question that  he has the intellectual capacity to meet the challenge. Yes, we  acknowledge he is an Ivy League graduate from Columbia and Harvard Law,  and that actually describes many people at the top of the legal  profession, but that alone is not what makes Judge Gorsuch exceptional.   Judge Gorsuch did something that most practicing lawyers don't do. He  went on to earn a doctorate in legal philosophy at Oxford. I think this  is one of the many illustrations of Judge Gorsuch's tremendous depth.  And whatever else my colleagues will have to say about Judge Gorsuch in  this contentious confirmation debate, there is no question that he is  an intellectual heavyweight.   I next look to those who mentored Judge Gorsuch along the way, and  one really cannot have better mentors than the late Justice Byron White  and sitting Justice Anthony Kennedy. Justice Kennedy, we all know, has  carved a niche for himself as the swing vote on the Supreme Court.  There is a great deal of debate about whether a Justice Gorsuch will be  more of a Scalia than a Kennedy or a White or whether, instead, he will  be a Gorsuch. I suspect that he will be a Gorsuch, and that is fine by  me.   What really matters is that Judge Gorsuch will come to the Supreme  Court with a strong understanding of its dynamics, and there is no  question that he will be effective from day one. There is no question  that he will be his own man. I want to emphasize that point.   Judge Gorsuch made it very clear to me when we met that he has made  no commitments to the President or his team. And he made it clear at  the hearings that if any commitment were sought, he would have gotten  up and walked out. After spending time with Judge Gorsuch, I believe  him. I believe him on that. His commitment to an independent judiciary  is resolute, and I think on this issue he will not bend to political  expedience, as he should not.   He is not the President's man, not the party's man, nor will he  represent an ideological movement on the Court. Judge Gorsuch will be  his own man, following the law where it leads. That is what we should  want in a Supreme Court Justice. Judge Gorsuch's unshakable integrity  explains why he has earned the unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from  the American Bar Association.   I am also enthusiastic about Judge Gorsuch because he brings a  western perspective to a Court that is desperately in need of  diversity. Mr. President, you would surely agree with that--that making  sure we have those who are knowledgeable based on their experience, of  what is like to live in the West is important. Six of the eight sitting  Supreme Court Justices have spent their entire professional careers in  the Boston-Washington corridor--six of the eight. The only sitting  Justice who came to the Supreme Court from someplace other than the  Boston-Washington corridor is Anthony Kennedy, who was elevated from  the Ninth Circuit. Judge Gorsuch has, of course, done the ``Washington  thing,'' but his home is in the West, and he served for a decade on the  Tenth Circuit in Denver. I think that makes a real difference, at least  in my book.   Appellate judges in the East rarely hear cases involving Federal  Indian law and Native American issues. Among the hundreds of cases that  Judge Gorsuch has heard, dozens involve Indians and Indian law. In  deciding those cases, he has demonstrated great sensitivity to the  unique role of Indian Nations under our Constitution.   I think that explains why Judge Gorsuch has been enthusiastically  endorsed by the National Congress of American Indians as well as the  Native American Rights Fund. NCAI is the umbrella organization for the  Nation's federally recognized Tribes. NARF is an independent, highly  respected public interest law firm which advocates for Native Americans  nationally. Neither of these organizations--neither NCAI nor NARF-- could ever be characterized as right-leaning. Yet they have endorsed  Judge Gorsuch after reviewing his track record on cases involving  Native rights. I think it is also important to recognize that the  Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Tribes of Alaska has also  endorsed the Gorsuch nomination, which is important for Alaska Natives.    Another example: The Federal government controls vast amounts of land  in the West and, of course, that includes our home State of Alaska.  Public lands cases tend to originate in the West, not in the East. It  is tremendously important that somebody on the Supreme Court have a  familiarity with these issues, and Judge Gorsuch clearly does.   Along with the pervasive Federal presence in the West comes a huge  Federal regulatory influence. Mr. President, you and I know that  Alaskans  [[Page S2307]]  talk about the extent of Federal overreach in our State like other  people talk about the weather. Alaskans will be interested to know,  perhaps excited to know, that one of Judge Gorsuch's top intellectual  interests is regulatory overreach. He has publicly questioned the  proposition that Federal courts must defer to agency interpretation of  the law when regulations are challenged. That is a very good thing  because when a homeowner has to go to court to litigate the question of  whether the pond in the back of his house is regulated wetland, the  last thing that the homeowner wants to hear is that the scales of  justice are somehow tipped in favor of the agency on accord of a  principle known as Chevron deference.   I understand--and we all know--that there are some interest groups  that suggest that Judge Gorsuch's views on Chevron deference means that  somehow or another he stands for big business and against the little  guy. To those organizations, allow me to introduce you to an Alaskan  named John Sturgeon.   Mr. President, you and I know him well. Mr. Sturgeon was prohibited  from taking his hovercraft, his boat, up a river in northern Alaska  adjacent to National Park Service land. Mr. Sturgeon had to go all the  way up to the Supreme Court to vindicate that right, and, against many  odds, he won.   I think it is clear that Federal agencies can and do trample on the  rights of the little guy. I will tell you, I find Judge Gorsuch's views  on the question of deference highly refreshing at this point in time.   I should point out that I don't agree with all of the opinions  written by Judge Gorsuch, but I don't expect that from a nominee. That  is almost an impossible standard. In fact, Judge Gorsuch himself has  acknowledged that. I do expect that the nominee be always true to the  law, as Judge Gorsuch has demonstrated throughout his career.   Finally, from everything I know, Judge Gorsuch is a good and a decent  man. He is a husband. He is a father of two girls. He is an outdoor  person. He is a person who gives back to the next generation. In  addition to his judicial duties, he regularly teaches legal ethics and  professionalism at the University of Colorado Law School. In the  classroom, he is known to have great respect for his students and their  diverse views.   In endorsing Judge Gorsuch's elevation to the Supreme Court, the  Denver Post suggested that ``While Democrats will surely be tempted to  criticize the nomination of anyone Trump appoints, they'd be wise to  take the high road and look at qualifications and legal consistency.''  That is an editorial from the Denver Post, published on January 16 of  this year, 2017. Those are pretty wise words. Again, ``Democrats would  be wise to take the high road and look at his qualifications and legal  consistency.'' That is what we should be looking at. And I think it is  so unfortunate that many of my friends on the other side of the aisle  have failed to heed this advice laid down in the Denver Post earlier  this year.    I have seen judicial nominees come and go over my 14 years in this  body, but I will tell you, I haven't seen anyone more intriguing than  Judge Gorsuch with his qualifications. He has had a stellar legal  career. He is brilliant. He is a rock star among Federal judges. And  that kind of judge is the one law students would compete to clerk for.  If this body could step back from the politics of all this, he should  be confirmed with upwards of 80 or 90 votes, not subjected to a  filibuster. That is the caliber of the person we are considering. I  honestly cannot fathom why an individual of Judge Gorsuch's stature  would be drug through the mud. I just don't believe that reflects well  on this body.   I am known within the Senate for my independence in evaluating  judicial nominees. While I was not a part of the Gang of 14 back in  2005 who proposed the standard for Federal court nominees, I have  pretty much chosen to live by it. Except in the most extraordinary of  circumstances, I do not believe judicial nominees should be denied a  straight up-or-down vote. I just don't believe they should be denied  that. I have practiced that. If one were to examine my record, it is  clear that I have walked that walk. Sometimes it has been a walk  accompanied by my friend the Senator from Maine. In the case of Goodwin  Liu's nomination to the Ninth Circuit, I was the sole Republican to  stand up for this principle and vote against a filibuster. I would not  have voted to confirm Mr. Liu, but I felt very strongly that he had the  right to an up-or-down vote.   So we are at this place today in considering not a nominee to the  Ninth Circuit but a nominee to the Supreme Court. I would ask my  colleagues on the Democratic side to give the same deference to Judge  Gorsuch.   I also pride myself as one who believes in the traditions of the  Senate, but it is not the tradition of the Senate to filibuster a U.S.  Supreme Court nominee.   I do not believe that Judge Gorsuch is getting a fair shake in  today's Senate, and as deeply as I care about bipartisanship in this  body, I will not acquiesce to an effort to deny Judge Gorsuch a seat on  the Supreme Court.   I acknowledge my friends on the other side of the aisle who have  indicated that they will not support a filibuster, and I implore those  of my colleagues who have indicated that they will filibuster the  nomination of Neil Gorsuch to reconsider that position.   After spending time with Judge Gorsuch, after studying his life  story, I am left with the undeniable impression that Neil Gorsuch has  been nominated to a position that he has prepared his whole life to  assume. He is not merely a good choice, in my book, he is the best  choice. He will not merely be a good Justice; I believe he will be a  great Justice, perhaps a Justice of historic proportion.   So today I offer Judge Gorsuch my most enthusiastic endorsement. I  have no doubt that before we leave for Easter recess, he will be  confirmed as an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   