 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak out in favor of  working families and how we can empower American workers to obtain good  jobs, to secure a safe retirement after a lifetime of hard work, and to  give them the freedom to join together to negotiate for better pay and  safer working conditions.   Unions in the United States are important for our families and for  our Nation's economy. Organized labor is one of the greatest forces  driving the middle class, which is especially important for our  veterans and members of the military. Union jobs help provide our  servicemembers and veterans with the economic opportunities that they  have earned. Union jobs help working moms and dads put food on the  table, and union jobs help power the engine of our economy--our middle  class. That is why I am working every day to protect the rights of  working people and why I stand shoulder to shoulder with organized  labor.   We must work together to combat the assault on the protections that  workers have fought so hard to secure. It is more important than ever  that we here in Washington work to expand economic opportunity for  hard-working Americans, many of whom come from a union home. That means  passing labor law reform to make it easier, not harder to join a union.  That also means expanding the use of project labor agreements for major  construction projects and opposing efforts to repeal prevailing wage  laws. It also means defending the Davis-Bacon Act. The Federal  Government can and should be a model employer that encourages companies  to pay fair wages.   It is important to note the great progress that collective bargaining  is making for all people. More families today have two working parents  than ever before, and women's growing role in our unions have increased  to nearly half of the labor workforce. In Illinois alone, 44 percent of  union workers are women. The labor movement, which had a pivotal role  in creating national minimum wage, the 40-hour workweek, overtime pay,  and standards for workplace health and safety, is now also impacting  women workers and their families in a significant way.   The collective voice that working Americans have is responsible for  improving sick leave and paid family leave policies at the State and  local levels. These efforts can also lead to reducing our Nation's  long-lasting wage gaps between gender and race. Labor unions tend to  raise wages and improve benefits for all represented workers,  especially for women, and women of all major racial and ethnic groups  experience a wage advantage when they are in a union. There is still a  long way to go in the wage gap fight, but unions are leading the way to  make those gaps smaller.   Unfortunately, organized labor is under attack. In Illinois, the  anti-union surge is on the rise. Nationwide, so-called right-to-work  efforts are growing. We need to be clear on one thing: These laws do  absolutely nothing to strengthen workers' rights, despite their  misleading names and rhetoric.   Make no mistake, opponents of organized labor are well funded and  relentless in advancing union-busting campaigns. We must work together  and challenge these growing dangers to America's middle class.   The U.S. Supreme Court will soon decide a case that could determine  the future of American unions. A slim majority of conservative Justices  may hand down an anti-worker decision that would dramatically undo  existing precedent and sabotage the ability of unions to effectively  represent hard-working, everyday Americans. Workers should not be able  to reap all the benefits of union negotiations while refusing to pay  dues that made those efforts possible. Make no mistake, a decision  sanctioning this practice would strip away freedom from millions of  Americans. It would steal their freedom to join together to bargain for  better wages, it would steal their freedom to join together to insist  on worker protections, and, ultimately, it would betray middle-class  America, which relies on organizing to effectively negotiate with  powerful corporations.   Another way we can support our union workers is by making a serious  investment in our Nation's infrastructure, which leads to more good- paying jobs and greater economic opportunity for working families.  Improving our Nation's infrastructure is really just common sense. That  is why I introduced a bill, which was passed into law, to cut redtape  and reduce delays on construction projects in Illinois and our  surrounding States. Upgrading our transportation systems will help  Illinoisans and all Americans who depend on our roads and transit  systems to get to work every day, as well as businesses that need our  airports, highways, and our freight network to ship their products.   I am working each day to support our hard-working, middle-class  families. Through organizing, unions have become champions for working  families both in and out of the Federal Government.   I thank our union representatives for all the work they do for our  families, our communities, and our Nation.   Thank you.   