 Mr. President, today the Senate is considering the  nomination of John K. Bush to the Sixth Circuit--someone who should  have no place on the Federal bench.   Mr. Bush is one of the most outspoken and blindly ideological  judicial nominees I have seen in my time in the Senate. A longtime  Republican Party  [[Page S4070]]  activist and donor in Kentucky, Mr. Bush is also a political blogger  whose incendiary comments are beneath the dignity of the office he  aspires to hold. On this blog, Mr. Bush hid behind a secret online  identity to denigrate people with crude language and to question the  very foundation of our country's legal system. Mr. Bush has been a  champion of the racist birther conspiracy about President Obama.   When asked about these posts during his hearing, Mr. Bush appeared to  regret that his posts presented problems during his confirmation  process and did not demonstrate any remorse for the views he expressed  in his blog.   In another post, Mr. Bush equated abortion and slavery, calling them  ``two of the greatest tragedies in American history.''   In Dred Scott, which is widely considered to be the worst decision in  Supreme Court history, the Court held that African Americans were  property, not people, and that they were not entitled to citizenship  under our Constitution. The American people rejected this holding in  the Civil War and in the constitutional amendments passed in its  aftermath.   In contrast, the core holding of Roe, as reaffirmed in Casey, is the  law of the land and based on the Constitution's protections for  individuals to make intimate and personal decisions.   Comparing a constitutionally protected right to slavery--a crime  against humanity and one of the deepest stains on the moral conscience  of this country--is unconscionable. I question how a judge holding this  kind of view would rule on any number of cases coming before him that  force him to confront his strongly held ideological beliefs.   Mr. Bush made repeated attempts to downplay these outrageous  statements and tried to convince us that he would simply follow  precedent. Saying ``I will follow precedent'' should not shield this  extreme nominee from legitimate scrutiny of his ideology.   Should he be confirmed, Mr. Bush will likely be presented with cases  that provide opportunities to push the precedent envelope. This is  particularly evident when examining Mr. Bush's own writings. For  example, in a 2008 blog post, he supported statements made by the  majority leader, whose campaigns he supported, that judicial  appointments could preserve ``the anti-abortion agenda.'' If confirmed,  we have every reason to believe that Mr. Bush will take every  opportunity to pursue a radical, anti-woman, anti-choice agenda.   Statements like these raise serious questions about whether litigants  appearing before potential circuit court judge Bush could trust in the  fairness that is the hallmark of our judicial system.   Mr. Bush's inability to understand why his past writings are such a  big problem only deepens my concern about his nomination. As a private  citizen, Mr. Bush has every right to express his opinions in any way  and on any platform he chooses. But he does not have the right to be  confirmed to the Federal bench, and he doesn't have the right to demand  that we set aside the clear pattern of extremism evident in his  writings when considering his lifetime appointment.   There is no question that elections have consequences for who is  appointed to be judges and Justices. That is part of our system. With a  Republican President and a Republican majority in the Senate, many  deeply conservative nominees will be confirmed to the judiciary. But  the Senate cannot and must not become a rubberstamp for nominees who do  not demonstrate the ability to be fair and impartial in the cases that  come before them.   We are reminded every day why fair and impartial judges are so  important for our country and for our democracy. Just last week, Judge  Derrick Watson from Hawaii tossed out the narrow limits the Trump  administration placed on who counts as close family when enforcing the  President's discriminatory Muslim ban. Judge Watson's decision shows  the importance of ensuring we have Federal judges who understand the  rule of law and also have an appreciation for the impact of the court's  decisions on ordinary Americans.   Nothing I have heard or read provides any reassurance that the  American people can trust that Mr. Bush will put his views aside to  render fair and impartial decisions.   I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   