 Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House  Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 3284, ``Joint  Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act of 2017.''   This bipartisan bill would formally authorize the Federal Emergency  Management Agency (FEMA) to hold counterterrorism workshops with state  and local officials in order to address emerging terrorist threats and  to enhance the ability of state and local jurisdictions to prevent,  protect against, respond to, and recover from terrorist attacks.   The coordination program under the measure would include:   1. Reviewing existing preparedness, response, and interdiction plans,  policies, and procedures related to terrorist attacks of the  participating jurisdictions and identifying gaps in such plans,  operational capabilities, response resources, and authorities;   2. Identifying Federal, State, and local resources available to  address the gaps identified;   3. Providing assistance, through training, exercises, and other  means, to build or sustain, as appropriate, the capabilities to close  such identified gaps;   4. Examining the roles and responsibilities of participating agencies  and respective communities in the event of a terrorist attack;   5. Improving situational awareness and information sharing among all  participating agencies in the event of a terrorist attack; and   6. Identifying and sharing best practices and lessons learned from  each Workshop Series.   I would like to take the time to thank FEMA for their response to  Hurricane Harvey and their efforts with Hurricane Irma.   Since Hurricane Harvey, 617,000 individuals have registered for  assistance through FEMA with 13,585 interactions with survivors taking  place. FEMA is an integral part of security for survivors of  catastrophes. By providing these workshops, we will continue to provide  security when our country is most vulnerable.   The bill would authorize $1 million a year from fiscal year 2018  through 2022 to establish the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop  Series.   This workshop series is intended to help local jurisdictions prevent  and respond to coordinated terrorist attacks.   This bill would authorize funding for five years instead of the one- year authorization in the committee-approved version and would modify  FEMA's reporting requirements.   The series would provide training and other resources to close gaps  in local counterterrorism preparedness plans, and to improve  coordination among state and local agencies.   Participants would include state and local officials, law enforcement  officers, first responders, public health personnel, and private-sector  representatives.   The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to  natural disasters, leaving little to no resources to respond to a  potential terror attack.   Those who seek to do our nation harm can take advantage of the lack  of available first responders trained to handle counterterrorism during  a natural disaster, such as Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that took  place in Houston.   During Hurricane Harvey, Texas first responders were facing double  effort with both a hurricane and flood; preventing proper response to a  homeland security event should it have happened.  [[Page H7232]]    It is important to include in their training, a resource for first  responders to learn how to manage a terror threat during a catastrophic  event such as Hurricane Harvey.   It is imperative to provide these resources to local law enforcement  agencies in order to protect the United States when it is most  vulnerable.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3284.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House  Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 2427,  Pathways to Improving Homeland Security At the Local Level Act.   This bipartisan bill would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002,  to direct the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement  to produce and disseminate an annual catalog on Department of Homeland  Security training, publications, programs, and services for State,  local, and tribal law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes.   The coordination program under the measure would include:   1. Producing an annual catalog that summarizes opportunities for  training, publications, programs, and services available to State,  local, and tribal law enforcement agencies from the Department and from  each component and office within the Department;   2. Making such catalog available to State, local, and tribal law  enforcement agencies, including by posting the catalog on the website  of the Department and cooperating with national organizations that  represent such agencies;   3. Making such catalog available through the Homeland Security  Information Network; and   4. Submitting such catalog to the Committee on Homeland Security of  the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs of the Senate.   It is important to ensure our first responders and local law  enforcement agencies are trained in homeland security programs,  especially in times of natural disasters such as Hurricane Harvey and  Hurricane Irma.   During relief efforts after Hurricane Harvey and the widespread  flooding in Houston, Sgt. Steve Perez of the Houston Police Department  drowned after his patrol car got stuck on a flooded road. His death  could have been prevented if first responders were given proper  materials and training on how to manage crisis situations in rising  flood water.   Currently, we fail to provide proper training for catastrophic flood  events that would ensure greater safety of both citizens and first  responders.   Programs and materials need to be created in order to train our  responders in handling wide-spread flooding that simulate dangerous  situations that could be encountered in their day-to-day life.   Over the past three years, Houston has experienced record-breaking  flooding. If first responders were provided with proper tools and  trainings in handling rescues in these conditions, we would see less of  loss of life among both citizens and responders.   The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to  natural disasters, and it is important to ensure that our nation is  protected when we are the most vulnerable.   During Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that followed, if there were  to have been a homeland security incident, Texas would have been left  susceptible due to the chaos surrounding our first responders.   It is important to equip our first responders with every opportunity  for training in homeland security to ensure that in times of natural  disaster such as Hurricane Harvey and the flooding across Southeast  Texas, they are prepared to handle any situation they may face, with  the smallest amount of lives lost as possible.   The bill would produce an annual catalog with training opportunities  and other services available to state, local, and tribal law  enforcement agencies, which I wish to ensure address catastrophic flood  events.   The department's Office for State and Local Law Enforcement would  have to publish the catalogs on the DHS website within 30 days of  production and distribute them through the Homeland Security  Information Network (HSIN).   Sharing the catalog on the HSIN would allow the office to reach as  many stakeholders as possible.   Through this catalog, local law enforcement agencies would be able to  ensure their first responders are aware of training programs over  counterterrorism and homeland security.   It is vital to provide these resources to local law enforcement  agencies in order to ensure they are aware of opportunities for their  first responders, so they are trained to protect the United States and  its citizens when it is most vulnerable.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2427.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House  Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 2470,  Homeland Threat Assessment Act.   This bipartisan bill the Homeland Security Department (DHS) would  conduct annual terrorist threat assessments for the next five years  using information from DHS offices and fusion centers.   The assessment under this measure would include:   1. Empirical data assessing terrorist activities and incidents over  time in the United States, including terrorist activities and incidents  planned or supported by persons outside of the United States targeting  the homeland;   2. An evaluation of current terrorist tactics, as well as ongoing and  possible future changes in terrorist tactics;   3. An assessment of criminal activity encountered or observed by  officers or employees of components in the field which is suspected of  financing terrorist activity; and   4. Detailed information on all individuals denied entry to or removed  from the United States as a result of material support provided to a  foreign terrorist organization (as such term is used in section 219 of  the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189));   5. The efficacy and spread of foreign terrorist organization  propaganda, messaging, or recruitment;   6. An assessment of threats, including cyber threats, to the  homeland, including to critical infrastructure and Federal civilian  networks;   7. An assessment of current and potential terrorism and criminal  threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to unlawfully  enter the United States; and   8. An assessment of threats to the transportation sector, including  surface and aviation transportation systems.   During natural disasters such as Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma,  the United States is vulnerable to terror attacks due to the lack of  first responders available.   It is important to ensure our first responders and local law  enforcement agencies are aware of the terror threats that would be  reported in each assessment in order to provide continued support,  especially during vulnerable situations such as Hurricane Harvey and  the Southeast Texas floods.   The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to  natural disasters and it is important to ensure that our nation is  protected when we are the most susceptible.   During Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that followed, if there had  been a homeland security incident, Texas would have been left  vulnerable due to the chaos surrounding our first responders.   It is important to equip our first responders and local law  enforcement agencies with these assessments in order to offer greater  protection and heightened security during vulnerable situations such as  natural disasters.   Additionally the assessment may incorporate relevant information and  analysis from other agencies of the Federal Government, agencies of  State and local governments (including law enforcement agencies), as  well as  [[Page H7241]]  the private sector, disseminated in accordance with standard  information sharing procedures and policies.   Fusion centers were established administratively after the Sept. 11  terrorist attacks to serve as focal points at the state and local  levels to receive, analyze, and share threat-related information with  the federal government and the private sector.   The assessments would have to utilize data collected from the field  and could incorporate relevant information from other government  agencies and the private sector.   During recovery efforts for incidents such as Hurricane Harvey,  having terrorist threat assessments would be valuable in keeping  vulnerable citizens secure.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2470.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2454-- Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2017, which is  the first authorization bill for the Department of Homeland Security  since its creation.   I thank Chairman McCaul and Ranking Member Thompson for working  diligently to bring this suspension bill before the House of  Representatives.   H.R. 2454 directs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to:   develop a data framework to integrate existing DHS datasets and  systems for access by authorized personnel in a manner consistent with  relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil  liberties policies and protections;   ensure that all information of a DHS office or component that falls  within the scope of the information sharing environment, and any  information or intelligence relevant to priority mission needs and  capability requirements of the homeland security enterprise, is  included; and   ensure that the framework is accessible to DHS employees who have an  appropriate security clearance, who are assigned to perform a function  that requires access, and who are trained in applicable standards for  safeguarding and using such information.   The bill excludes information that could:   jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities;   compromise a criminal or national security investigation;   be inconsistent with the other federal laws or regulations; or   be duplicative or not serve an operational purpose.   DHS shall incorporate into such framework systems capabilities for  auditing and ensuring the security of information.   Few can image how complex the federal government response to a  Hurricane can be.   For example the need for information sharing is crucial to effect  disaster response prior to, during and after Hurricanes Harvey and  Irma.   U.S. cooperation with the European Commission, facilitated by the  Department of State, allowed for rapid activation of the Copernicus  Emergency Management Service (EMS) over the Texas and Louisiana coasts  affected by Category-4 Hurricane Harvey, the largest recorded  rainstorms ever to hit the contiguous United States.   This service has provided local, state, and federal disaster managers  with free, real-time, all-weather radar satellite images of the  affected areas; we are grateful to our European partners, including the  European Space Agency and the European Organization for the  Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites, for their assistance during  this challenging time.   Since August 25, Europe's Copernicus EMS, at no cost to the United  States, has generated up-to-date, satellite-based maps of the flood  extent.   In combination with U.S. satellite data, these maps are critical  tools for relief operations by U.S. federal, state, and local disaster  responders.   First responders were in critical need of accurate information on  persons who were trapped by Hurricane Harvey flood waters.   The statistics are staggering.   21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the  first five days of the storm.   The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as  the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25.   A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major  hurricane (Category 3 or above) made landfall in the United States  prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Category 3 hurricane to hit the  United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurricane  Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans.   The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking  the record for rainfall from a single storm in the continental United  States; my city of Houston received more than 50 inches of rainfall.   More than 13,000 people have been rescued in the Houston area and  more than 30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes  due to the storm.   More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond  to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8  million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators.   In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes had  suffered flood damage and more than 1,000 homes were completely  destroyed in the storm.   And today, two weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without  permanent and stable housing situations.  [[Page H7245]]    That is why the additional $7.4 billion in CDBG funding provided in  the legislation is desperately needed.   Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders in my state worked to  exhaustion, with an invaluable assist from citizen volunteers, to  rescue their neighbors and save lives.   That is who Texans are and this is what we do.   We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane  Harvey.   But what we do know is that the costs of recovery and reconstruction  will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place  the cost in the range of $150-$200 billion.   Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of  Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm  that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey.   This same resource was put into use for Hurricane Irma to support  response to that major storm.   This sharing of important satellite data is provided by the United  States-European Commission Cooperation Arrangement on Earth Observation  Data Related to the Copernicus Program.   The Department of State's Bureau of Oceans and International  Environmental and Scientific Affairs negotiated the data sharing  agreement, which has been in effect since October 2015.   The arrangement reflects a shared U.S.-E.U. vision to pursue full,  free, and open data policies for government Earth observation  satellites, fostering greater scientific discovery and encouraging  innovation in applications and value-added services for the benefit of  society at large.   I offer the thanks and appreciation for our nation--its people-- especially the residents along the Gulf Coast including the residents  of the 18th Congressional District in Houston and the surrounding  communities for the support from our Allies in our nation's time of  need.   The Suspension before the House will facilitate data sharing among  law enforcement agencies in support the mission of the Department of  Homeland Security to develop and maintain a unity of effort approach to  security our nation from terrorist threats.   I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2454.    Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to discuss  Amendment 108 to the ``CJS Appropriation Act of 2017''.   This amendment will save thousands of lives within our youth  population by decreasing our federal prison funding of $7,070,248,000,  available for the administration, operation and maintenance of Federal  penal and correctional institutions. Of this amount, up to $20,000,000  is made available for the use of contract confinement.   My amendment seeks to reduce this account by a mere $10,000,000 for  juvenile justice programs designed to reduce recidivism, gang violence  and gun crime.   These juvenile justice programs help protect our most vulnerable  children through treatment, education, training, and mentoring, not  incarceration.   According to the Justice Policy Institute, locking up juveniles costs  an average of $407.58 per person per day and $148,767 per person per  year.   Even conservative coalitions like Freedom Works, American  Conservative Union Foundation, Generation Opportunity, and Taxpayers  Protection Alliance agreed that mass incarceration is extremely costly  to taxpayers.   This amendment invests in our youth population at the front end with  a greater return before the damage becomes irreversible at the back  end.   This amendment supports programs that have shown consistent success  in curtailing gang violence and gun crimes.   Research shows that violence among our youths is a health epidemic  that must be addressed with appropriate measures beyond incarceration.   Therefore, we must support professionals that possess practical  experience in epidemic control for violence prevention, and that show  success working with the most vulnerable and at-risk youth population  when addressing this health epidemic.   Within the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the  following programs focus on violence prevention: Forum, Community Based  Violence Prevention (CBVP), and Defending Childhood. The CBVP  explicitly calls for and supports the health approach.   Hence, this amendment provides funding for organizations such as  community-based violence prevention programs that statistically have  shown much success.   For example, Cure Violence, a health-based organization that operates  in, several cities and states, have shown great success in the  intervention and prevention of violence in places like, Chicago,  Baltimore, New York, Philadelphia and others. They have also shown  great success in Puerto Rico.   Statistics show l00% reduction in homicide retaliation in Chicago,  and a 41-73% drop in shootings in 5 of 8 communities; in Baltimore, up  to 56% drop in killings; and 44% drop in shootings; in New York, 20%  lower level of shootings; and in Philadelphia, reduction shooting rate  was significantly larger than any reduction compared to non-program  police districts.   Unlike incarceration cost of $407.58 per person per day and $148,767  per person per year, these alternative measures cost significantly less  to serve a much larger population than what it cost to incarcerate one  person, while reducing shootings and killings by 50%-70% in 15 of the  most highly impacted large cities in the U.S. Hence, programs such as  Cure Violence, Safe Streets and others show that alternative methods to  incarceration are effective.   Both sides of the aisle agree that our juvenile justice system is in  desperate need of repair. Incarceration at alarming numbers does not  solve this problem.   Statistics show that incarceration does not serve as deterrence, nor  does it keep our communities safe. Rather, it increases the likelihood  for recidivism and thus, increases crime rates and mass incarceration.   For those who say juvenile justice is a state problem and not a  federal problem because we don't have many youths in federal custody, I  say even if there is but one juvenile in our prison system, we have one  too many.   I saw many young faces during the horrific tragedy in Houston's  vicious storm that claimed so many lives.   I do not ever want to see that look of despair and hopelessness again  if we can do something to prevent that.   While some may say that juvenile justice is already funded, it is not  enough. We need to address the epidemic taking place in our juvenile  justice system and the crisis that follows thereafter--economic  hardships, lack of education and inadequate job training.   For all the reasons stated above, I ask my colleagues to support this  amendment.    