 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support this  commonsense, bipartisan bill that updates our woefully outdated IT  infrastructure.   I want to say thank you to my good friend and partner on the IT  subcommittee, Chairman Hurd, for his leadership on this very important  measure and to my colleagues who worked so hard on this bill: Chairman  Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, our House leadership stewards-- Democratic Whip Hoyer from the majority, Mr. McCarthy--and Mr. Connolly  of Virginia for his energy and work in dealing with this bill. I also  want to give a special thanks to all of the staff and a special shout- out to my staff: Jay Cho and Zach Ostro.   The Modernizing Government Technology Act has come a long way from  the early days when it was called MOVE IT. It has been a tough and  sometimes frustrating journey, but we have made it, and we have a good  bill in front of us.   Last year, the House passed this bill only to have it die in the  Senate. Despite these roadblocks, we kept working because it is worth  it. This bill will revolutionize and upgrade our outdated IT fractured  while bringing cost-saving innovation and greater security to  government agencies.   In my years serving as the ranking member of the Oversight  Committee's IT Subcommittee, I have learned one thing: We need to get  back to basics, and this bill does just that.   Our current use-it-or-lose-it approach to Federal IT just isn't  working. It is no secret that Federal agencies are struggling to stay  up to date, especially when compared to the private sector.   Each year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to maintain  legacy IT systems that are vulnerable to cyber attacks; and each year  that we don't upgrade these systems, they become even more difficult  and expensive to secure. This is unacceptable and a waste of taxpayer  dollars.   For too long, we have kicked the can down the road and left our  outdated IT systems vulnerable to costly attacks. The dangers of our  system are clear. Every day we are reminded of the importance of having  modern IT systems and robust cybersecurity practices in place.   In 2015, hackers made off with the personal information of more than  20 million Americans, including congressional staffers, in the OPM data  breach. Just this past week, as you have heard, a global ransomware  attack, WannaCry or WannaCrypt, wreaked havoc worldwide, paralyzing  businesses and governments alike. These attacks will only grow more  frequent and more difficult to combat.   The MGT Act is a major step in the right direction. It will cut costs  and enhance our security. It builds on prior work like Clinger-Cohen  and FITARA, and it gives agencies the flexibility needed to modernize  vulnerable systems and develop cost savings for taxpayers.   Under this bill, agencies can take the savings from upgrading their  systems and reinvest them into their working capital fund for future IT  modernization. We are going to go from an outdated method of purchasing  IT to one that empowers CIOs to make smart, strategic investments in  innovative technologies; and as an end result, our data will be more  secure and our government more efficient.   I am proud of this bill, and I am proud of the bipartisan work that  made it possible, proud of what we accomplished by working together on  the IT Subcommittee.   The MGT Act is a necessary component to strengthening our  cybersecurity that saves taxpayers money. I urge my colleagues to  support this bill.   