 Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve  better. The majority is not serving the interest of the families we  represent back home. They are not focused on lifting the economic  prospects of our small businesses and hardworking families. They are  not focused on lifting wages.   Instead, we are debating what could be the smallest little extension  of government funding ever: 1 week. Are you kidding me? We have just  come back this week from a 2-week recess. You would think that the  majority party would have had the wherewithal to be able to fund the  government as required through the end of the fiscal year, which is  only September 30. This was leftover business from last year. How  small. How unfocused. What a letdown for the people we represent.   Has the majority party brought a bill to the floor of the House that  we can debate on jobs, on lifting Americans that work hard every day?  No.   Has the majority party brought a bill to debate where we could talk  about how we fix roads and bridges and connect communities and address  congestion across the country and create jobs that way? No.   The majority party, after the very serious military strike on Syria,  could have brought a debate about an authorization of the use of  military force where the Congress has been derelict for years in having  the debate about a country that has been at war for 16 years. That is  very important. People expect us to address the difficult issues, but  they haven't brought that debate.   Across the country this week, a lot of seniors in high school are  deciding where they are going to attend college or university. We could  be having a debate on how we help those families and students afford  the cost of a college education or address the student loan crisis.  But, no, that debate hasn't been brought   There is going to be a big march in Washington again this weekend on  the changing climate. We could discuss and debate the cost of the  changing climate, extreme weather events. Boy, my folks back home in  the State of Florida are having to look at increased insurance costs,  property insurance costs, infrastructure costs because of  [[Page H2950]]  the changing climate, but that debate hasn't been had.   Instead the Congress has been consumed with a healthcare bill that  rips coverage away from families, harms Medicare, raises cost on  everyone, and they were stuck in a debate this week about ending the  guaranteed protection that families now have if they have a preexisting  condition. Remember, under the Affordable Care Act, you can no longer  be discriminated against if you have a preexisting condition like  cancer or diabetes. They were consumed with: Well, how do we end that  and send that back to the States to do that? Thank goodness that bill  hasn't been brought to the floor.   Instead, here is an extension of running the government. Again, how  small. Maybe it does match what is happening in the White House. With  the flip-flopping, unfocused President, this Republican majority is  having real trouble governing the country.   I understand the President is consumed with an investigation of  associates from his campaign over collusion with the Russians. He is  consumed with conflicts of interest and how he doesn't want to be  transparent, whether it is his tax returns or the emoluments under the  Constitution.   The American people deserve better, and that is what brought me to  the floor today. I didn't have to come and talk about the rule that is  on the floor.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.   Mr. McGOVERN. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida.    Mr. Speaker, I didn't have to come to the  floor to oppose a rule and this 1-week appropriations bill. But I am so  frustrated, just like families and businesses are across this country,  that this Congress still refuses to have the debates, have the  discussion on the issues that really impact our families back home.  They deserve better than this dysfunctional Republican majority. Why  don't we stand up for them for a change?   The Democrats are willing to have those debates. Let's debate and  discuss jobs. Let's debate and discuss how kids can afford the cost of  a college education. Let's discuss how we lift our public schools.  Let's discuss rebuilding America and creating jobs through modern  infrastructure investments. Let's have these debates.   Let's not take up the time of the American people on a silly 1-week  extension of funding government so we can do this again next week,  where we have to debate and take up all the time on how we fund the  government until September 30. American families deserve better.   