 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the  President's proposed budget as it relates to Medicaid and the fact that  it is just a war on Medicaid; that is, it continues the wrongheaded  ideas that have been proposed in the House bill on healthcare reform  and takes that and continues to make cuts to Medicaid that are  unsustainable for our healthcare system.   The President's budget would impose a block grant or per capita cap  on States in 2020 in exchange for so-called flexibility. I haven't met  one State administrator of healthcare in our State who says they need  more flexibility. They have a lot of flexibility on Medicaid currently,  but they know this is just a budget cap and a budget cut.   The budget would result in $610 billion in cuts to States, in  addition to what would happen if they were successful in passing the  House bill in the Senate. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities  put it, the Trump budget cuts Medicaid ``considerably more deeply than  the House bill's per capita cap proposal would do.''   No doubt what the budget is proposing from the President today and  what our House colleagues have proposed on healthcare means more damage  for healthcare and more damage for Medicaid.   Let's be more specific. Medicaid for healthcare is about children. It  is about seniors. It is about the disabled. It is about working  families. It is about young people. Medicaid covers half of the births  and the majority of long-term care stays.  [[Page S3086]]    What people may not realize is that the President's budget cut to  Medicaid also cuts children's healthcare, as a new study reveals, by at  least $43 billion, according to Avalere Health. That is taking  healthcare away from children, poor children, who need access to  healthcare. Additionally, the budget impacts 1.75 million veterans who  also get healthcare through Medicaid.   How can we possibly be standing here with a budget proposal by the  President of the United States--after he promised not to cut Medicaid-- that not only proposes to cut Medicaid but cuts childrens' and  veterans' healthcare when they need it most?   Medicaid is a lifeline for people who can't get covered or can't get  a fair deal. It is a highly cost-effective, dynamic, and innovative  program that has worked well, and Medicaid is a winning economic  strategy for how to help families get out of poverty. It is one of the  most successful anti-poverty programs in the United States and the  second largest program to combat extreme poverty.   Its expansion in Washington has helped create jobs indirectly and  directly and has saved our State about $353 million in our State  budget. It injects billions into the economy and supports our high- wage, high-skill jobs throughout the healthcare economy.   As we know, our colleagues, in the House draconian healthcare act,  would for the first time cut Medicaid's successful program by  introducing a cap that would result in reductions every year to the  Medicaid Program. Regardless of who needs access, regardless of those  children, regardless of those veterans, it would continue to push down  Medicaid funds by more each year.   I have said to my colleagues in the House that there are far more  innovative ways to help our healthcare delivery system that are cost- effective, but simply cutting veterans or families or children off of  Medicaid is not the way to do it.   The President's budget released today would reinforce this permanent  cap. Currently, Medicaid is a needs-based partnership between the  States and the Federal Government. During economic recessions, natural  disasters, or public health emergencies, States know they can count on  the Federal Government.   Under what has been proposed in the House, the per capita cap would  give States only a fixed amount and start reducing the amount of money  each year. It would leave a tsunami of seniors and others without new  technologies, prescription drugs, or tools to address new healthcare  threats.   There is nothing about it that is reform. It is not innovation. It is  simply a budget mechanism to cut Medicaid. I don't know how the  President, given that he promised before not to cut Medicaid could do  this. He said: ``I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to  state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.''   If that is what the President tweeted, if that is what he said he was  going to do, why is he now proposing a budget that actually cuts  Medicaid?   We do not want to throw 600,000 Medicaid beneficiaries off of  coverage in my State--and 14 million across the country--and take $1.4  billion out of Washington State's economy every year. These are numbers  according to the Congressional Budget Office's most recent estimates  and estimates by the State of Washington.   I think it is time to say no to the President's budget proposal. It  is time to remind the President of his promise not to cut Medicaid, and  it is time to stop talking about the silly idea of capping Medicaid and  reducing funding to the States.   I mentioned the impact on children and veterans. I also want to  mention the impact on those suffering from the opioid epidemic and what  we have been trying to do to treat those individuals. Also, those  facilities would be in great danger in continuing to treat that  population if they don't have Medicaid.   So the notion that this is a smart healthcare strategy or a smart  healthcare budget--it is not. It is a draconian measure that is going  to leave many more Americans without healthcare. As I said, Medicaid is  a successful program. The promise should be kept, and we should  continue to improve the delivery system as a way to make it more cost- effective. I know we can't afford to leave sick children without access  to healthcare, and now is not the time to leave veterans without the  healthcare they deserve.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   