 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1312, a commonsense measure  that will ensure the SEC responds to recommendations that will reduce  barriers to small businesses' capital formation. Access to capital is  the lifeblood of every business. As ranking member of the House Small  Business Committee, I hear this on a near daily basis. It is as true  today as it was 65 years ago when Congress created the Small Business  Administration.   Since that time, Congress has taken steps to better understand the  needs of our small businesses and find ways to improve access to  capital. In 1980, we created the Government-Business Forum on Small  Business Capital Formation at the SEC. This body helps policymakers  learn about unnecessary impediments to small business capital formation  and address how they can be eliminated or reduced. However, the SEC  isn't currently required to act on the forum's recommendations.   The Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act changes the  SEC's obligation by requiring the Commission to respond to the  recommendations made by the annual Government-Business Forum. This bill  is modeled after a similar provision in the Dodd-Frank Act requiring  the SEC to respond to the recommendation of the Investor Advisory  Committee.   However, there are important distinctions between the recommendations  of the IAC and the forum. Specifically, the IAC is limited by statute  to 23 members. By contrast, the forum is open to all public and private  participants. As a result, the IAC has only issued 12 recommendations  since its first meeting in 2012. During the same timeframe, the forum  issued 98 recommendations.   While I understand the desire to have the SEC respond to each of the  forum's recommendations, I would remind my colleagues that the SEC has  the important duty to police our financial markets. Therefore, I hope  my colleagues will remember these additional duties and set appropriate  funding levels for the SEC to ensure agency resources are not being  diverted from its crucial examination and enforcement activities.   I would like to thank Mr. Poliquin and Mr. Vargas for crafting this  bipartisan bill to ensure that the voice of our small business  community is heard.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1366, legislation that will  close a loophole in our securities laws and better protect the  investors and retirees of the U.S. territories.   The Investment Company Act of 1940 governs investment companies, such  as mutual funds, closed-end funds, and ETFs. Its purpose is to protect  investors and provide oversight of these companies. In doing so, it  regulates various transactions among affiliates, sets leverage limits,  outlines recordkeeping requirements, and describes how securities may  be redeemed.   These matters sound technical, but they provide fundamental  protections to most U.S. investors. I say ``most'' because, due to a  historical artifact, all funds located in and sold only to residents of  U.S. territories are exempted.   The reason is, in 1940, territories like Puerto Rico were considered  to be too distant from Washington, D.C. Obviously, modern air travel  makes that a nonissue today, as regulators routinely travel to Hawaii  and Alaska to conduct oversight. In addition, many of these financial  products are now traded electronically, truly eliminating the need to  visit in person.   The consequence of exemption falls squarely on the residents of U.S.  territories. Investment companies can sell products to them without the  important oversight, disclosure, and conflict-of-interest requirements  to which mainland companies are subject.   As a result, many investors and retirees have been subject to  investment losses, some resulting from behavior that would have been  prohibited if the 1940 act applied to the island's investment  companies.   To address this matter, H.R. 1366, the U.S. Territories Investor  Protection Act, applies the 1940 act to currently exempt investment  companies that are located, organized in, and sold to residents of  these territories.   I would like to point out that this bill is identical to legislation  that passed the House last Congress twice with overwhelming bipartisan  support.   In order to permit investment companies to comply with the  legislation, it provides for a 3-year compliance period, with an  option, at the approval of the SEC, for an additional 3 years. This  time period balances the need to bring the investor protections of the  1940 act to the territories with enough time for affected entities to  fully understand and comply with the 1940 act.   It is important to note that if investment companies need further  relief from any specific requirement of the 1940 act, they are able to  request such relief through the SEC under existing law. Earlier this  year, past SEC Chair White testified that the exemption should be  removed.   I want to thank Congressman Duffy and Congressman MacArthur, two of  my colleagues from the Puerto Rico Task Force, for cosponsoring this  bill. I also want to thank Puerto Rico's new Member of Congress,  Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, for cosponsoring it as well; and Senators  Hatch and Menendez, who have put forward a companion bill in the  Senate. All of this support means a great deal to me and to those  investors on the island.   Finally, I want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member  Waters for working with me throughout the last 2 years in a highly  productive manner. We met with stakeholders, heard their concerns, and  fine-tuned the bill. I am confident we developed an approach that would  apply the 1940 act in a manner that is sensitive to investors and  investment companies alike.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Closing the U.S. territories loophole in the Investment Company Act  of 1940 will give millions of investors and retirees--mostly in Puerto  Rico--the peace of mind that their hard-earned money will receive the  same level of protection afforded to those on the mainland.   I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and all the  cosponsors for their hard work in bringing this bipartisan legislation  to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   