 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, today I speak on behalf of  my amendment, Kuster amendment No. 4. I firmly believe that my  amendment will improve accountability at the Veterans Administration.   One of my concerns with the bill before us is that it will  inadvertently hurt whistleblowers through retaliation and other  discriminatory practices. Whistleblowers are vital for our mission to  ensure accountability at the VA.   As the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations  Subcommittee, I know that whistleblowers provide the VA and our  committee with information of misconduct before it goes too far or  before those responsible can deflect blame or otherwise hide  incriminating details. We must ensure that these folks are protected in  any bill that seeks to streamline the VA's ability to release  employees.   I appreciate the inclusion of whistleblower protections within  section 3 of the bill. We understand the importance of protecting  whistleblowers, and my amendment would improve upon this language.   Last year's MILCON-VA appropriations bill included what is now  section 733 of title 38. This title clarifies and further specifies  prohibited personnel actions as they relate to VA whistleblowers. For  example, section 733 explicitly prohibits the denial of an otherwise  meritorious promotion because that employee filed a whistleblower  complaint. The bill currently only references more generic protections  found within title 5.   Section 733 was added because of concerns that title 5 was not  specific enough to the issues that face the VA. This amendment will  ensure that an employee is protected if they help the GAO or the VA  Office of Inspector General in any investigations.  [[Page H2128]]    This language is bipartisan in nature, and my amendment is supported  by the Project on Government Oversight, an independent nonprofit that  seeks to improve accountability.   My amendment aligns with the spirit of this bill. It protects those  who virtuously serve our Nation's veterans, and punishes those who do  wrong by them. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my amendment,  Kuster No. 4, because it is common sense and the right thing to do.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have learned one thing  in 4 years: quit while I am ahead.   Mr. Chairman, I have nothing further to add, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on my second amendment to H.R. 1259,  Kuster amendment No. 8. I am concerned that an unintended consequence  of the bill before us would be retaliation against whistleblowers at  the VA.   After my 4 years on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and my time  as ranking member of its Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I  know that whistleblower protections are a bipartisan issue for our  committee, and I know that this Congress recognizes the incredible  importance of whistleblowers at the VA.   Whistleblowers provided many details that made Congress and the  public aware of the Phoenix scandal. They provided valuable information  in uncovering the Aurora construction debacle. Whistleblowers save  lives and save taxpayer money. Unfortunately, whistleblowers are  sometimes targeted for retaliation by their supervisors. My amendment  seeks to address this.   My amendment requires supervisors to detail their efforts to correct  poor performance and misconduct, efforts that come before the  procedures outlined by this bill. It requires supervisors to detail the  efforts they have made to improve their work environment and ensure  that employees of their team uphold the primary mission of the VA: to  serve and to honor our Nation's veterans.   The amendment will also improve training of supervisors to ensure  they are equipped to be leaders that improve employee performance and  the quality of care at the VA. More importantly, this enhanced training  will include instruction on the rights of whistleblowers and how to  address concerns or complaints raised by them.   These provisions could help to protect those whistleblowers who are  actually experiencing retaliation because it would provide evidence of  the past actions a supervisor has taken to address alleged misconduct,  and it will highlight leadership shortfalls that could implicate  attempted actions taken against an employee.   Together, these provisions will proactively improve the culture of  management at the VA so it reflects the virtue and quality that  Congress has strived to achieve for so many years. I urge all of my  colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment, Kuster No. 8.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have no further comment  other than to thank Dr. Roe for his support.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   