 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to  increase funding by $35 million for the Neighborhood Reinvestment  Corporation, better known as NeighborWorks America.   For the past 40 years, NeighborWorks America, a congressionally  chartered nonprofit, has provided financial support, technical  assistance, and training for community-based development right here in  the USA.   NeighborWorks partners with more than 240 organizations focused on  providing access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental  housing. These organizations are public-private partnerships providing  maximum transparency and accountability in their stewardship of scarce  Federal dollars.   In fiscal year 2016, NeighborWorks America developed nearly 13,000  affordable homes, repaired over 55,000 houses, created more than 21,000  new homeowners, and assisted over 360,000 families with affordable  housing.   NeighborWorks has demonstrated the ability to attract private sector  investments to its affordable housing projects, leveraging 91 private  dollars for every $1 of funding appropriated.   Our country is finally on the pathway to recovering from a crippling  housing crisis. My home State of Nevada was hit the hardest when the  housing bubble burst and we experienced one of the highest rates of  foreclosure. My district, which includes Las Vegas, has some of the  lowest availability of affordable rental homes to households with low- income levels. In fact, there are only 15 affordable and available  rental homes for every 100 rental households.   NeighborWorks has played a critical role in helping develop and  preserve affordable housing, revitalize and sustain neighborhoods, and  create jobs. Last year, Nevada affordable housing organizations like  Neighborhood Housing Services of Southern Nevada, and Nevada HAND,  received over $600,000 in grants, providing homeownership counseling  and education to over 6,500 households, creating over 600 new  homeowners, and preserving homeownership for over 250 individuals.  Congress needs to continue to strengthen programs that allow low-income  families to keep a roof over their heads.   In addition to financial support and technical assistance,  NeighborWorks offers home buyer and foreclosure counseling, and  previously administered the National Foreclosure Mitigation Counseling  program. Created in 2007 to address the nationwide housing foreclosure  crisis, this program has counseled more than 2 million homeowners  facing foreclosure in response to the housing crisis.   You may hear from my friends across the aisle that there is no longer  a need for foreclosure mitigation counseling because foreclosure rates  are decreasing nationwide. And I am glad to see the rates decrease, but  the reality is that foreclosures continue to plague many parts of this  country, including my district.   Statistics from the Department of Housing and Urban Development show  that a foreclosed home depresses home values, reducing appraisal values  by nearly 9 percent. Clearly, preventing even one foreclosure helps  every household in a neighborhood.   Foreclosure mitigation counseling plays a crucial role in reducing  chances that a homeowner will not fall back into foreclosure. These  programs enable counselors to work with homeowners on their budget and  find the best option for their situation.   According to an Urban Institute study, counseled homeowners were  nearly twice as likely to receive a cure for their serious delinquency  or foreclosure as homeowners not counseled through the NeighborWorks  program.   Additionally, NeighborWorks also offers disaster preparedness and  recovery for communities, including training, resources, and  assistance. In fact, organizations in and around the impact zone of  Hurricane Harvey in Houston are ready to offer disaster recovery right  where it is needed most, and we know Irma is on its way to Florida.   On the heels of one the worst natural disasters of our lifetime, and  in the face of additional severe weather events, now is not the time to  roll back our investment in NeighborWorks and the organization it  supports.   Despite the continued need for affordable housing and NeighborWorks'  success at revitalizing communities, the underlying bill would cripple  NeighborWorks by slashing its funding. We cannot afford to reverse our  progress made on affordable housing. Instead, we should continue  critical investments in programs like NeighborWorks that have proven to  be successful.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' for  this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   