 Madam President, I rise to join with the Senator from  Vermont in opposition to the FCC's planned vote to end net neutrality  protections.   Tomorrow, as he noted, the FCC will hold a vote on Chairman Pai's  plan to eliminate net neutrality. These rules have kept the internet  free and open, and in a day where a lot of things aren't working, this  was something that was actually working. People were able to access the  internet, people in my State who maybe didn't have a lot of resources.  Kids were able to access the internet to do their homework. It was  working. If the FCC votes to abandon net neutrality, it will put  internet service providers, not consumers, in charge of determining the  future of the internet.   Net neutrality holds internet service providers--big mega-internet  service providers--accountable for providing the internet access  consumers expect while protecting innovation and competition. It is the  bedrock of a fast, free, and open internet.   Net neutrality has allowed the internet to become one of the great  American success stories, transforming not only how we communicate with  our friends and our family but the way we do business, how consumers  buy goods, and how we educate our kids. These protections have worked.  We have rural kids who couldn't access classes before who are able to  get these classes on the internet. We have small businesses that are  able to advertise their services in a way that no one would have known  that they existed. One of my favorite ones is a company called Weave  Got Maille, and they are doing chain jewelry. It is just a group of  about 10, 15 employees up there who started with nothing but one chain.  Then they were able to come up with a cool nickname, and then they were  able to advertise on the internet directly to consumers. Now they are  one of the biggest employers in the town right on the Canadian border.   These internet protections that have allowed small businesses to  blossom have allowed consumers to access the internet like everyone  else. They have worked, but with the FCC's vote tomorrow, the internet  may soon be changing.   Earlier this year, when Chairman Pai announced his proposal to  eliminate net neutrality protections, Americans took the opportunity to  make their voices heard during the public comment hearing, and the  proposal received a record 23 million comments. While many of these  comments are written by consumers worried about the future of the  internet, there is reason to be concerned about that process.  Approximately 1 million fraudulent comments were filed with the FCC,  and an additional half a million comments were filed with Russian email  addresses. Sound familiar? I think so.   I think everyone in this Chamber knows Russia has been trying to  influence our democracy in every way they can--from hacking to putting  out propaganda, to now trying to insert itself into a comment process  for our free and open internet, something that has  [[Page S7986]]  been the hallmark of American society, something they don't have in  Russia. Just think, an additional half a million comments were filed  from Russian email addresses. This is troubling because, in America,  the public comment process matters. It is one of the few opportunities  Americans have to weigh in directly with the FCC. That is why I joined  several of my colleagues in calling on Chairman Pai to delay the vote  until the FCC fully investigated these fake and foreign comments.  Despite our calls, the FCC is still moving ahead with its vote. Despite  23 million comments, they are still moving ahead with their vote.   Under Chairman Pai's plan, the FCC gives internet service providers  the ability to significantly change consumers' experience online.  Internet service providers may soon be able to block, slow, and  prioritize web traffic for their own financial gain, not for the  average citizens' gain but for their gain. This means, internet service  providers could begin sorting online traffic into fast or slow lanes  and charging consumers extra for high-speed broadband. They would also  be able to slow consumers' connections once they have hit a certain  data limit or if they are viewing content from a competitor, and  internet service providers may even block content they don't want their  subscribers to access. So much for an open internet.   The only protections maintained under the proposed order are  requirements for service providers to disclose their internet traffic  policies. However, for consumers with only one choice for internet  service, like many in my State and like many in rural areas, there is  no real opportunity to comparison shop or find a new provider if they  are unhappy with their service. This means that even though consumers  may be aware that their internet service provider is blocking or  slowing their connection, they actually don't have a choice so what  does that information matter to them anyway? This proposal will harm  consumers, particularly in rural areas. It will limit competition, and  it will hurt small business, entrepreneurship, and innovation.   What I have seen around this place is that everyone is talking about  rural broadband. They want to expand broadband. I want to expand  broadband. Well, you can expand broadband all you want, but it is not  going to matter if people aren't able to afford to access it.   A truly open internet encourages economic growth and provides  opportunities for businesses to reach new markets, drive innovation,  and create jobs. Small businesses remain engines of job creation, and  net neutrality levels the playing field, allowing small companies to  compete with more established brands. That is what America is about-- allowing more innovation and small companies to come up and compete.   Unfortunately, for small businesses and startups across the country,  the net neutrality repeal will mean new barriers when competing online.  Without unrestricted access to the internet, entrepreneurs may be  forced to pay for equal footing to compete online rather than focus on  expanding their business. Small businesses unable to pay for access to  faster internet service may soon find themselves struggling to compete  from the slow lane, not the fast lane. This proposal will hurt the very  people creating jobs and keeping our economy competitive.   As a strong supporter of a free and open internet, it is clear that  repealing net neutrality is a step in the wrong direction. We are  facing an increasingly global and interconnected economy, and it is  critical that the internet remain a hub of entrepreneurship,  creativity, and fair competition.   The fight to protect net neutrality is far from over, and we need to  keep the pressure on. We have seen merger after merger after merger. We  have seen consolidated businesses, bigger and bigger and bigger. So now  what is the next step here? To limit net neutrality to make it harder  for the small guys, for the ones who are trying to get into the market  to compete. It is not just an isolated philosophy; it is actually part  of a larger philosophy, which means that smaller companies, that  individuals are going to have a hard time getting into the market and  getting free access like the big guys.   That is why we ask Chairman Pai to reconsider this vote on Thursday  and to come up with a new policy that doesn't hurt the people of  America.   It is no surprise today that the poll I saw said the vast majority of  Americans don't favor getting rid of net neutrality, and in fact it  showed the vast majority of Republicans don't favor getting rid of net  neutrality. So we ask Chairman Pai, who was appointed chairman by a  Republican President, to reconsider this decision.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The Senator from Massachusetts.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in  expressing my support for taking action on the Dream Act, as well as to  express my continued opposition to the administration's decision to end  the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.   I thank my colleague Senator Durbin for organizing today's remarks,  as well as for his years of leadership and tireless advocacy on behalf  of the Dreamers, along with Senator Graham, who is leading this very  important bill with Senator Durbin.   It is critically important that the Senate pass the Dream Act and not  wait any longer to take action. There are 22,000 eligible DACA  recipients who did not meet the administration's deadline to renew  their statuses, and as a result, about 122 Dreamers are now losing  their DACA statuses every day. That is more than 11,000 who have  already lost their statuses as of today, and that number will continue  to increase every single day that we fail to act. This is nothing on  which we can wait--wait a week, wait 1 month, wait 2 months. Every  single day, it affects more people. So, while some have suggested that  we wait until March to fix this issue, the reality is that the Senate  needs to take action now.   Since it was first established in 2012, DACA has helped nearly  800,000 young people who have lived since childhood in the United  States to better contribute to their families and communities,  including more than 6,000 who are in my State. I recently met with the  archbishop of the Twin Cities, along with some of these Dreamers, and  we talked about how important this was to the fabric of life in our  [[Page S8013]]  community, to our economy in Minnesota--where we have one of the lowest  unemployment rates in the country--to the Dreamers, and to their  communities, themselves.   The Dreamers were brought to our country as children, and they know  only one home. That is the United States of America. The average  Dreamer has called this country home since he was about 6\1/2\ years  old. That is the average. Dreamers serve in our military; they pay  taxes; and they contribute to communities across our country. More than  97 percent of Dreamers are now in school or in the workforce--97  percent--and all DACA recipients are required to meet the program's  education requirements. In fact, 72 percent of all DACA recipients who  are currently in school are pursuing bachelor's degrees or higher.  According to the American Association of Medical Colleges, more than  100 students with DACA status applied to medical school last year. This  is at a time when we have a shortage of doctors in my State,  particularly in the rural areas.   The administration's decision to end DACA has created tremendous  uncertainty and the risk of deportation for the Dreamers who work and  study in the States across our Nation. It, simply, doesn't make  economic sense. One recent study estimated that ending this policy  would cost the country over $400 billion over the next 10 years.   I would like to point out to my colleagues that for immigrants as a  whole, 25 percent of our U.S. Nobel laureates were born in other  countries and that 70 of our Fortune 500 companies are headed up by  immigrants. Why would we cut off this talent flow? Look at these DACA  recipients. Ninety-seven percent of the Dreamers are working or are in  school.   That is why I strongly disagree with the President's decision to end  DACA, as do many Republicans, Democrats, business, labor, and religious  leaders, and it is why I support the bipartisan Durbin-Graham Dream  Act. America is truly a country built by immigrants, but just as  importantly, these immigrants and their families have helped America  succeed. They have been part of our Nation's greatest achievements.   I look at my own family.   On my dad's side, my great-grandparents came from Slovenia. My great- grandfather worked in the mine, and my grandpa worked in the mine  because they needed people to mine iron ore in order to make all of the  armaments and all of the ships that helped us to win World War II. That  happened. They were so proud of what they had done to contribute to our  country's efforts.   On my mom's side, my actual grandparents, who were Swiss, came to  this country--my grandma as a 3-year-old, to Wisconsin, with her  parents.   My grandpa, when he was about 18 years old, came over. He found out  that there was a limit on Swiss immigrants. He somehow got through  Canada and then got through to Wisconsin. He met my grandma and had my  mom and her brother, my Uncle Dick, and, at some point, decided that he  would try to change his status from ``alien'' to ``legal immigrant.''  That was when the Congress had just passed the Alien Registration Act.  Because World War II was before us, he had to register. That went  smoothly, so he decided to apply for citizenship. That was when they  discovered that he had entered the country twice--once when he had said  that he was going to Canada, on Ellis Island--but he went to Canada  only for a week--and the second time when he had gotten through to  Wisconsin.   I don't know what would have happened to my grandpa now. Back then,  he went through the immigration hearing; he got his status. There is a  picture of him in his bow tie--in an old black and white--and he is  smiling. He was much older than when he had come to our country and  become a citizen. I don't know what would have happened, because what  he had done wasn't really legal.   Back then, they said: Do you know what? We want you in our country.  You are a worker. You have raised two kids. You live in Milwaukee. We  want you to be a citizen. They gave him that citizenship just a few  weeks before the United States entered World War II. Otherwise, I guess  he would have been deported to Switzerland right in the middle of the  war.   That is my story, and everyone has an immigrant story.   The Senate-passed bill, when we did comprehensive reform--and I was  one of the people very involved in that on the Judiciary Committee-- included a version of the DREAM Act, which would have created a path to  citizenship for those eligible for DACA who had graduated from high  school and gone on to complete higher education or to serve in the  military. We must end this uncertainty for Dreamers. That is why I have  joined with so many of my colleagues in calling on Leader McConnell to  hold a vote.   Here is a Dreamer whom I will never forget. I was trying to find  examples for people in my State so that they may understand what this  ``Dreamer'' term is all about, and I found one a few years ago--Joseph  Medina. At the time, he was 99 years old, and he was a decorated Army  veteran. We lost him only last month at age 103. He told me his story  back when he was 99.   He was brought to our country from Mexico when he was 5 years old. He  had no idea that he was not born in our country. He grew up in Sleepy  Eye, MN. Then he signed up to serve in World War II. That was when they  had found out that he was, in fact, undocumented and had not been born  in our country. Back then, as he had described it to me, the military  had wanted people to serve, so they had him go to Canada. At the  direction of our military, he went to Canada for 1 night, stayed--his  words--in a nice hotel and then came back to Minnesota, and--magic--he  was legal. He served under General MacArthur in the Pacific. He then  came back to the United States, met his wife, got married, and had  kids. His son served in the Vietnam war.   I had the privilege of hosting him at the World War II Memorial,  which he had never seen before--with his son, who is a Vietnam vet--so  that he could see the memorial for the first and the last time. With us  were two Dreamers from high schools in the suburban Twin Cities area  who wanted to serve in the Air Force but couldn't because we don't have  the same rules we had during World War II. It was, basically, because  of their statuses that they couldn't serve.   We lost Joseph Medina--the advocate that he was not only in words but  by example--just last month. I think of his service, and when I see him  standing in front of that memorial with those two Dreamers who weren't  themselves allowed to serve, it really hits home to me and to everyone  who has heard his story as to what these Dreamers are all about.   We all have our stories, and we owe it to these Dreamers and we owe  it to our country and the values of our country to stand up for these  Dreamers. I stand with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who  have spoken out in support of the Dream Act and who agree that we must  take action in the Senate to protect these Dreamers in the name of  Joseph Medina and in the name of all of our relatives who have always  come from somewhere. Let's get this done.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   