 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, following the invasion and occupation of Kuwait by Iraqi  leader Saddam Hussein, the United States and the international  community demanded the immediate withdrawal of Iraqi forces under the  threat of military action. After Saddam Hussein defied calls to  withdraw from Kuwait, the United States, along with a broad coalition  of European, regional, and global allies, began Operation Desert  Shield, followed by Operation Desert Storm, a 100-hour land war which  expelled the Iraqi forces from Kuwait.   Approximately 700,000 members of the American Armed Forces served as  part of Operation Desert Storm and Operation Desert Shield. Of those,  293 died in theater and 148 were killed in action.   The 2015 National Defense Authorization Act authorized the National  Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Association to establish a  memorial as a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of  Columbia. This honors the members of the American Armed Forces who  served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice in support of our  country.   The joint resolution before us today approves the general location of  the memorial so that it is in close proximity to the National Mall and  other nationally significant war memorials, as determined by the  Secretary of the Interior.   This resolution is an opportunity for the country to come together  and thank the servicemembers who fought in the Gulf, those whose lives  have been forever changed by their experience in this war, and those  who did not return.   I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Roe), the author of this measure.   Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McClintock for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this very important  procedural measure to site the memorial to honor the men and women who  served and died in Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield in Area I  of the National Mall.  [[Page H63]]    On August 2, 1990, Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait and, in less than 24  hours, dominated nearly 30 percent of the world's oil supply, swiftly  setting his sights on neighboring Saudi Arabia. Recognizing Saudi  Arabia's importance to the region, President George Herbert Walker Bush  launched Operation Desert Shield, the deployment of American combat  forces to Saudi Arabia, and ordered Saddam Hussein to remove Iraqi  troops from Kuwait by January 15, 1991. With Kuwait still occupied  after the deadline passed, over half a million United States armed  services members led coalition forces in the liberation of Kuwait-- Operation Desert Storm.   Of the roughly 600,000 American troops who were deployed in both  Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 294 died in theater, of which  148 were killed in action. The United States currently lacks a  national memorial dedicated to the valor and sacrifices made by those  members of our Armed Forces who fought honorably in Operation Desert  Shield and Desert Storm.    Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that no Federal funds will be  spent to build this memorial. All funds will be raised privately by the  National Desert Storm War Memorial Association. We must honor the men  and women who fought honorably and valiantly in support of these  operations and memorialize those who gave a life to free another.   The establishment of this memorial was authorized in the National  Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015. Passing this resolution  is simply the next step in the process for site selection. The  Secretary of the Interior has confirmed the historical value of the  proposed memorial and deemed it worthy of being constructed in Area I  of Washington, D.C., which includes the areas around other monuments to  great American heroism.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, many of us in this Congress know many of  the people who served in Desert Storm and Desert Shield, many personal  friends of mine did, and many paid the ultimate sacrifice. It is time  now we honor those heroes of this country.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, following the invasion and occupation of Kuwait by Iraqi  leader Saddam Hussein, the United States and the international  community demanded the immediate withdrawal of Iraqi forces under the  threat of military action. After Saddam Hussein defied calls to  withdraw from Kuwait, the United States, along with a broad coalition  of European, regional, and global allies, began Operation Desert  Shield, followed by Operation Desert Storm, a 100-hour land war which  expelled the Iraqi forces from Kuwait.   Approximately 700,000 members of the American Armed Forces served as  part of Operation Desert Storm and Operation Desert Shield. Of those,  293 died in theater and 148 were killed in action.   The 2015 National Defense Authorization Act authorized the National  Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Association to establish a  memorial as a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of  Columbia. This honors the members of the American Armed Forces who  served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice in support of our  country.   The joint resolution before us today approves the general location of  the memorial so that it is in close proximity to the National Mall and  other nationally significant war memorials, as determined by the  Secretary of the Interior.   This resolution is an opportunity for the country to come together  and thank the servicemembers who fought in the Gulf, those whose lives  have been forever changed by their experience in this war, and those  who did not return.   I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Roe), the author of this measure.   Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McClintock for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this very important  procedural measure to site the memorial to honor the men and women who  served and died in Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield in Area I  of the National Mall.  [[Page H63]]    On August 2, 1990, Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait and, in less than 24  hours, dominated nearly 30 percent of the world's oil supply, swiftly  setting his sights on neighboring Saudi Arabia. Recognizing Saudi  Arabia's importance to the region, President George Herbert Walker Bush  launched Operation Desert Shield, the deployment of American combat  forces to Saudi Arabia, and ordered Saddam Hussein to remove Iraqi  troops from Kuwait by January 15, 1991. With Kuwait still occupied  after the deadline passed, over half a million United States armed  services members led coalition forces in the liberation of Kuwait-- Operation Desert Storm.   Of the roughly 600,000 American troops who were deployed in both  Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 294 died in theater, of which  148 were killed in action. The United States currently lacks a  national memorial dedicated to the valor and sacrifices made by those  members of our Armed Forces who fought honorably in Operation Desert  Shield and Desert Storm.    Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that no Federal funds will be  spent to build this memorial. All funds will be raised privately by the  National Desert Storm War Memorial Association. We must honor the men  and women who fought honorably and valiantly in support of these  operations and memorialize those who gave a life to free another.   The establishment of this memorial was authorized in the National  Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015. Passing this resolution  is simply the next step in the process for site selection. The  Secretary of the Interior has confirmed the historical value of the  proposed memorial and deemed it worthy of being constructed in Area I  of Washington, D.C., which includes the areas around other monuments to  great American heroism.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, many of us in this Congress know many of  the people who served in Desert Storm and Desert Shield, many personal  friends of mine did, and many paid the ultimate sacrifice. It is time  now we honor those heroes of this country.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.   