 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in  speaking about the harmful effects of this resolution of disapproval.   I thank the Senator from Michigan for his words and for the very  important point that we are seeing the lowest number of teen  pregnancies that we have seen for a long, long time. Why would you want  to mess with something that is finally reducing the number of teen  pregnancies?   I thank Senator Murray, who has been here diligently leading in this  effort, because rolling this rule back will result in something very  simple: It will result in less access to care for women and families.   Title X funding supports vital family planning and related preventive  care for low-income, uninsured, and young people across this country.  Every year, more than 4 million people, including many who are living  in rural and medically underserved areas, go to the over 4,000 health  centers that rely on this funding. This includes 41 service sites in  Minnesota that provide access to cancer screenings, birth control, and  testing for sexually transmitted infections. In fact, 40 percent of  women who receive care at title X clinics consider it to be their only  source of healthcare--40 percent--which is incredibly important in  rural areas.   One thinks of, just recently, in the last few years, the Zika scare.  People wanted to go and get birth control. They wanted to know what  they could do to prevent themselves from getting Zika in order to save  the lives of their babies. This is true, and this is what will be  happening if they make these cuts.   The regulation we are voting on today should be common sense. It  simply makes clear that funds will be awarded solely based on a  provider's ability to serve a patient, and it guarantees that women  have access to the care they are entitled to under Federal law.   We should be strengthening our efforts to provide better and more  affordable care that best serves patients. Instead, repealing this rule  will take essential services away from women when they need them most.  By overriding this regulation, States will now pick and choose who  provides these services, which will be based on arbitrary criteria that  has nothing to do with the quality of services patients will receive.  That should be our benchmark--the quality of services.   When States have done this in the past, it has blocked access to  critical family planning and healthcare services for many women,  including those in rural areas who rely on the health centers that need  these funds.   As Senator Murray said this morning, women across the country have  made it clear that restricting women's access to the full range of  reproductive care is unacceptable.   We have a situation in which this existing rule has yielded the  lowest number of teen pregnancies in years. We have a situation in  which two of our Republican colleagues have joined us in opposition to  this repeal. We have a situation in which the Vice President of the  United States had to come in and break a tie.   Do you know what I would say? I would say that this resolution should  be disapproved of, that rolling this rule back will result in less  access to care for women and families, and that this rule should stay  in place.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). The Senator from New Jersey.   