 Madam President, the Department of the Interior is the  steward and guardian of our public lands--our national parks, wildlife  refuges, and wilderness areas. As the Supreme Court said more than a  century ago, it is the Secretary of the Interior's responsibility to  see that none of the public domain is given away to anyone who is not  entitled to it.   As the steward and guardian of the public lands, the Secretary must  represent the government and the people of the Nation as a whole, not  the special interests or even the interests of a single State. But the  Secretary does not do his job alone; he has delegated his authority and  responsibility for land and minerals management to the Assistant  Secretary for Land and Minerals Management. The Assistant Secretary  exercises the Secretary's direction and supervision over the Bureau of  Land Management. The Assistant Secretary needs to be someone who can  discharge this important duty fairly and impartially. Equally  important, though, he must be seen by the American people as someone  capable of being a good steward of their public lands and not as  someone who comes to the job with a predisposition to dispose of their  public lands to special interests.   An impartial and unbiased decision-maker is a core element of the due  process. The principle that no one can be the judge in his own case has  been a hallmark of Anglo-American law for over 400 years. I believe  confirming Mr. Balash to be Assistant Secretary of Land and Minerals  Management would be contrary to this principle.   In 2014, Alaska's Department of Natural Resources filed a claim for  20,000 acres of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge with the Bureau of  Land Management. Alaska's Department of Natural Resources sought to  remove the long-recognized boundary of the Refuge. It asked the Bureau  of Land Management to convey the 20,000 acres of Refuge land that would  then be outside the Refuge's boundary to the State of Alaska so that  those lands could then be leased for oil and gas development.   Mr. Balash was the head of Alaska's Department of Natural Resources  at the time it made its claim to the Bureau of Land Management. The  Bureau of Land Management properly rejected Alaska's claim. Alaska  appealed the Bureau's decision to the Interior Board of Land Appeals,  where the appeal is now pending. If the Senate confirms Mr. Balash to  be the Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management, he will be  overseeing the Bureau of Land Management. He will exercise the  Secretary's direction and supervision over the Bureau of Land  Management. He will be in a position of reversing the Bureau of Land  Management's decision which originally denied Alaska's claim.   Moreover, Secretary Zinke has the authority to take jurisdiction of  the case away from the Board of Land Appeals and to delegate that  authority to decide the case to Mr. Balash. Mr. Balash may become the  Interior Department's judge in the case that he initiated as Alaska's  commissioner of natural resources.   That is my main concern. I asked Mr. Balash his plans to recuse  himself from participating in the Department's consideration of  Alaska's claim. I believe Mr. Balash thinks that he will comply with  whatever the department's ethics office says the rules are--which is  basically a 1-year recusal from being involved in that situation. That  said, Mr. Balash, even under these current rules, could be in the  position of being the final arbiter on a case he previously brought on  expanding Alaska's claim to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. He  alone could make the decision. He alone could reverse the decision on  the State of Alaska's claim to the Bureau of Land Management--a claim  that was turned down. He could reverse that. For that reason, I am not  supporting Mr. Balash's nomination to this position today.   There are so many things that we have right now that are an  unrelenting assault on our public lands and our environment by this  administration, and there are many on the other side of the aisle who  are supporting that. We have seen an unprecedented use of the  extraordinary procedures of the Congressional Review Act to nullify  carefully crafted rules to protect the public lands and environment. We  have seen the Secretary of the Interior unlawfully postpone  implementation of other lawful rules. We have witnessed and seen  legislation on the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge run through here  without the proper processes and procedures. We saw the majority use  the extraordinary procedure of budget reconciliation not to balance the  budget, as it was intended, but to circumvent regular order. Only this  week, we witnessed President Trump launch an unprecedented and unlawful  assault on our national monuments. Mr. Balash, I fear, will become  maybe an unwilling but nonetheless a participant in these assaults on  our public lands. That is why I cannot at this point give my support to  this nomination.   I know my colleague from Alaska has worked with him. I respect his  opinion on this position. I hope he will respect mine. I do not think  that at this point in time, without a better recusal, I can support Mr.  Balash's nomination.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   