 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA  Reauthorization Act of 2017 to reauthorize four important user fee  programs: the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the Medical Device User  Fee Act, the Generic Drug User Fee Act, and the Biosimilar User Fee  Act. These critically important laws have improved patient access to  important therapies and expedited the FDA's approval times while  upholding the most rigorous standards for patient safety.   The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) was enacted in 1992 when  drug review times were lagging and FDA simply couldn't keep up with the  flood of new drug applications. Through user fees paid by applicants,  PDUFA gave FDA the resources it needed to hire and support more staff.  The program has been successful in reducing review-time backlogs and  expediting safe and effective therapies to patients.   My legislation created the Medical Device User Fee Act (MDUFA), which  was enacted in 2002 and has resulted in significant changes to the  medical device industry and within the medical device center at the  FDA. Through this user fee program, the device center has improved its  efficiency and reduced the time it takes to bring effective medical  devices to market. This legislation builds on the progress made in  previous user fee agreements and will produce important developments  for the medical device industry.   The Generic Drug User Fee Agreement (GDUFA) was enacted in 2012 and  takes important steps to bring lower-priced drugs to the market more  quickly for the American people. Finally, the Biosimilar User Fee  Agreement (BsUFA), which was first enacted in 2012 through legislation  I authored, is critical to supporting the nascent biosimilar industry  and will lead to meaningful progress, breakthroughs and cures for the  American people.   Previous user fee reauthorizations have included significant gains  for pediatric populations. Before the Better Pharmaceuticals for  Children Act (BPCA) and the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), which  I authored, the vast majority of drugs (more than 80 percent) used in  children were used off-label, without data for their safety and  efficacy. Today, that number has been reduced to 50 percent because of  my legislation. Both programs were permanently reauthorized in 2012,  and while this agreement includes important changes to BPCA and PREA,  there remains a need for more meaningful improvements. This legislation  lays important groundwork and provides the foundation for future  progress.   Finally, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to take up this  legislation swiftly. It's imperative that both houses of Congress pass  this legislation and send it to the President in a timely manner for  him to sign into law in order to provide essential resources to the FDA  so they can continue to do their critical work.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 23 because  it upends decades of State and federal water law and needlessly pits  water users against one another. On the heels of the worst drought in  California's history, this bill mandates that certain interests come  out ahead of others.   California has just recently emerged from six years of a punishing  drought that forced every resident to conserve water, caused millions  of acres of agricultural land to be fallowed, and dramatically  increased our State's risk of major wildfires. The drought was a  massive disaster and Congress should respond by investing in long-term  resilience against future droughts such as water conservation,  recycling, groundwater recharge, and desalination. What Congress should  not be doing is using the drought as an excuse to permanently upend a  century of water law and countless protections for threatened and  endangered wildlife.   H.R. 23 weakens or overrides decades of State and federal law,  including the State and federal Endangered Species Acts; the National  Environmental Policy Act; the Central Valley Project Improvement Act;  and the San Joaquin River Settlement Act. This list should set off  alarm bells for any proponent of States' rights or cooperative  federalism. For over a century, the Federal Government has deferred to  State water law whenever possible. The GROW Act unwinds that history  entirely.   By discarding a century of water law and species protections, this  bill will decimate the San Francisco Bay-Delta ecosystem, drive the  Delta smelt to extinction, and accelerate the decline of the wild  salmon and steelhead runs which have been an important part of the  Northern California economy since the mid-19th century.   This irresponsible bill also overrides science-based management of  the delicate Delta infrastructure and would gut several of our most  bedrock environmental laws. For these reasons I strongly oppose this  legislation and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no.   