 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both the gentleman from  New Jersey, the chairman, and the ranking member from New York for  their work.   Mr. Speaker, the people of Puerto Rico, 3.5 million of our fellow  citizens, are suffering. The mayor of my home town, Yabucoa, where  Maria made landfall, is predicting that as many as 5,000 residents are  potentially facing starvation.   More than 85 percent of the island is without electricity. One-third  of Puerto Ricans lack access to drinkable water, which will surge the  number of bacterial infections and mosquito-borne illnesses.   As Puerto Rico faces this humanitarian crisis, the President of the  United States is tweeting out threats to withdraw assistance. That is  an outrage. It is an insult. It is an abdication of the President's  solemn duty to protect the safety and security of the American people.  American citizens everywhere deserve better.   Where the President is failing to lead, Congress must act, and act  now.   The legislation we are debating today is far from sufficient. It is  not enough, but it is a start. It is a downpayment in helping the  response process. It will keep FEMA operating, removing debris and  distributing food and water.   It also helps Puerto Rico's Government address a looming cash  shortfall. With the government running out of money by November 1,  vital services could be suspended when residents can least afford it.   This bill would provide a short-term cash infusion for the government  to keep going. The way this assistance is structured under the law,  these funds will likely not be paid back, which is reasonable, given  the challenges Puerto Rico faces. Some of those challenges have been  created by the lack of action of the Congress when it comes to  Medicaid.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, let's be clear. There is going to need to  be much more assistance in the future. Puerto Rico will need help  rebuilding its energy grid, repairing telecommunications networks, and  putting its ports, bridges, and roads back together, and we cannot  forget shoring up the island's Medicaid system, something that was  critical before Maria, but is even more important now.   This problem is of Congress' making, and we must fix it. Make no  mistake. Those priorities will require more money, and we will need to  come back and address them in a few weeks.   The people of Puerto Rico are American citizens. And, you know, what?  Even when so many of my brothers and sisters are suffering in Puerto  Rico, are facing a humanitarian crisis, at last, 50 percent of the  people in this country who didn't know that Puerto Ricans are American  citizens are learning that fact.   Yes, American citizens, when, in 1898, Puerto Rico was invaded and  taken over by the U.S. Government. So now it is our responsibility to  make Puerto Rico whole.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are once again reminded to refrain  from engaging in personalities toward the President.   