 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island,  Senator Whitehouse, for his leadership. He has never given up on this,  and he will never give up. We have many important issues ahead, one of  which I am going to address--climate change--about this nominee and the  fact that every country in the world now, including Nicaragua and  Syria, have pledged to be part of this international climate change  agreement, which is so important for reducing greenhouse gases. I thank  Senator Whitehouse for carrying the torch on this for so long.   I join him today in rising to speak about the nominee who the Senate  is currently considering to lead the Environmental Protection Agency's  Office of Air and Radiation. If confirmed, Mr. William Wehrum will be  tasked with carrying out and managing critical Agency functions related  to controlling airborne pollution, improving air quality, monitoring  greenhouse gases, and overseeing energy efficiency standards.   By the way, I was always proud that the first bill I introduced to  the U.S. Senate when I got here was a bill with Olympia Snowe, who is  my Republican mentor. That bill required the Agency to start collecting  data on greenhouse  [[Page S7132]]  gas emissions. I take this very personally. The Agency ended up  deciding to do it itself, as Senator Whitehouse is aware. But it was my  first bill, and I decided that was a good first bill. It was  bipartisan, and it got to the core of this issue that our country needs  to take responsibility, that we need to work with the rest of the  world. But most importantly, this is a long-term issue, shared by my  businesses in Minnesota, shared by everyone from hunters to  snowmobilers, to ice skaters in our State--the concern of our changing  climate and the effect it will have on our way of life.   There are two specific issues that Mr. Wehrum will be involved in  directing from the EPA that I wish to discuss: first, the renewable  fuel standards and, then, circle back to this issue of climate change.   Minnesota's agriculture is very important to me. We are the fifth  biggest ag State in the country. It is why I sought a seat on the  Senate Agriculture Committee and why I have consistently pushed for a  strong renewable standard. I believe we should be working in this body  to help the farmers and the workers of the Midwest, not the oil sheikhs  of the Middle East.   Recently, I led a letter with Senator Chuck Grassley, which was  signed by 38 Senators, calling on Administrator Pruitt to ensure that  the final rule for 2018 and 2019 sets blending targets that promote  growth in the biofuel sector and in our economy.   The final rule for 2017 followed congressional intent and required a  record amount of biofuel to be mixed into our transportation fuel  supply. The final rule this year should do the same. Reducing the blend  targets of advanced biofuels could shortchange the growth of clean  energy innovation and stifle the growth of the market for new biofuels.   So far the response from the administration in backing off these  plans, thanks to Senator Grassley's leadership, has been encouraging,  but the proof will be in the pudding when the rule is released before  the end of the month. I appreciate the work of Senator Grassley,  Senator Ernst, Senator Thune, and Senator Durbin--who is here with us  right now in the Chamber--and others who have worked on this Renewable  Fuel Standard, as well as my colleague Senator Franken.   Renewable fuels have become a homegrown economic generator for our  country. They reduce the environmental impact of our transportation and  energy sectors and cut our reliance on foreign oil. Every time a new  study is released on this subject, I become more and more convinced  that investments in renewable fuels are investments in our economy and  in the health of rural America.   Last year, a study conducted by ABF Economics showed that the ethanol  industry generated $7.37 billion in gross sales in 2015 for Minnesota  businesses and $1.6 billion in income for Minnesota households. Here is  a big one: The ethanol industry also supports over 18,000 full-time  jobs in Minnesota. I see the Presiding Officer is from the State of  Alaska. Just as he knows that the oil industry is important in our  State, the ethanol industry is important in the Midwest, and I believe  they can both coexist.   Just last weekend, I visited the Green Plains ethanol plant in  Minnesota to see one of the operations behind these impressive figures  and meet firsthand with some of the 60 people who are employed there.  One of the things I heard while in Fairmont was how policy instability  and delays have chilled investment over the years. Delays in releasing  the RFS rule in previous years has undercut the Green Plains' ability  to acquire necessary investments and create new employment  opportunities. The need for stable policy and the forward-looking  administration of the RFS is key to providing certainty for producers,  employees, and manufacturers, while unlocking billions of dollars of  investment in the biofuel sector.   We have to continue to build on the progress we have made of  expanding production capacity more than threefold since 2005 with  biodiesel, cellulosic ethanol, recycled waste, and other advanced  biofuels. This is no longer some kind of a niche industry. This is 10  percent of our fuel supply. That is why I am concerned with some of the  statements that Mr. Wehrum has made and some of the clients he has  represented in lawsuits against the EPA, many of whom sought to  undermine and weaken the RFS.   He was the counsel of record in several challenges to the RFS,  including the E15 waiver, which allows for blends of up to 15 percent  of ethanol in gasoline, something Senator Thune and I have worked on.  Yet most concerning was his role in a 2015 challenge to the requirement  that diesel fuel sold in my State of Minnesota contain at least 10  percent of biodiesel, or B10.   Let me say that this kind of principle and this policy were supported  by Democratic, Republican, and Independent Governors in Minnesota--from  Tim Pawlenty to Jesse Ventura to Mark Dayton. My State has been a  leader when it comes to the use of renewable fuels. We were the first  State in the Nation to pass a biodiesel blending law and the first  State in the Nation to require gasoline to be blended with 10 percent  of ethanol. We continue to be a national leader in the use of E85.   In 2008 the State legislature amended the Minnesota mandate--that is  when Tim Pawlenty was Governor--to gradually step up the required  biodiesel blend from 2 percent to 5 percent and eventually to 20  percent from 2012 to 2018. Now, according to the statute, the B10  mandate will double to B20 starting on May 1, 2018. With bipartisan  support and individual State responsibility, it is something that our  State did because we knew it could work.   Despite Mr. Wehrum's best efforts, the U.S. district court upheld  Minnesota's mandate on renewable biodiesel, which has been in the best  interest of rural economies and consumers. These advances are going to  help ag producers and rural manufacturing plants do even more for the  regional economy. The further ethanol and biodiesel take us the less  dependent we will be on foreign oil and the less of an impact our  transportation and energy sectors will have on the environment.   I have already discussed the climate change issue, and I see that  Senator Durbin is here.   Again, I will just reiterate that I am a former prosecutor. I believe  in evidence, and every week seems to bring fresh evidence of the damage  that climate change is already causing. Minnesota may be miles away  from the rising oceans, but the impacts are no less of a real threat to  my State. I did not like Mr. Wehrum's answers that he gave to these  questions during his hearing before the Environment and Public Works  Committee, especially when I asked if he believed that human activities  were the main driver of climate change and his response was: ``I  believe that's an open question.''   I do not think this nominee should be running this part of the  Agency, and we cannot sit back and ignore the evidence. We need to wake  up, take action, and turn the corner on the devastating effects of  climate change before it is too late.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to turn to two topics today.   First, the good news is that all of the members of the Senate Rules  Committee have come together on a mandatory sexual harassment training  resolution that has been submitted with broad support, including from  the two leaders and every member of the Rules Committee. I thank  Senator Grassley for his leadership, Senator Shelby for his leadership,  as well as Senators Capito and Cortez Masto, who were a big help.   We are all too aware that sexual harassment continues in our  workplaces. A recent study found that one in four women has been  sexually harassed in the workplace and that three-quarters of  individuals who have experienced sexual harassment at work have not  reported the incidences. Civil service is actually among the top five  industries with the highest sexual harassment incidences.   We know that it will not stop on its own, and we will not be  complacent bystanders who expect workplace cultures to change on their  own. That is why today, with a bipartisan group of 19 of our  colleagues, we took a major step forward with this resolution. Once it  is adopted by the full Senate, which we hope will be shortly, this  resolution will simply require that all Senators and staff receive  sexual harassment training, as well as on other forms of harassment, at  least once every 2 years--in addition to that, 60 days after it passes.   What happens if Senators do not receive this training? The American  people will know.   In one part of this bill--and I appreciate the broad support from  Senator McConnell, who has long been someone who has taken leadership  in this area for many years, and from Senator Schumer, who has also  taken leadership in this area--all offices will have to certify to the  Secretary of the Senate that they and their employees here in  Washington, as well as those working in our home States, have, in fact,  taken the training and complied with the resolution. These  certifications will be posted online for the public to view.    I thank Senator Grassley, again, as well as Senator Shelby. Senator  Grassley, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, was the author of  the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. I want to thank as well  Senators Cortez Masto and Capito and all the members of the Rules  Committee for coming together, on both sides of the aisle, on this  commonsense resolution.   I urge my colleagues to support the Senate Anti-Harassment Training  Resolution of 2017. There is more work to be done with regard to the  reporting process, and that is something we are going to be working on  in the next few weeks through the Rules Committee, but I do want to  thank them.  [[Page S7148]]    Senator Gillibrand has also been working in this area, and I want to  thank her. Overall, it is a good effort in which everyone came together  and agreed on a plan for mandatory training.   