 Mr. President, it hasn't even been 2 weeks, and President  Trump has already demonstrated that he has little tolerance for  independent thinking and dissent. He has his own version of reality,  which is why his administration resorts to alternative facts.   When the media accurately reported how small the crowd was at his  inauguration, he presented us with alternative facts. When the media  pointed out he lost the popular vote by the largest margin of any  President, he boldly proclaimed, without any evidence, that 3 to 5  million people voted illegally. Many consider this whopper as a cynical  way to encourage more States to pass voter suppression laws justified  by the bogus claim of widespread voter fraud.   Just 2 days ago, the President again showed the American people how  intolerant he is of principled dissent when he fired acting Attorney  General Sally Yates after she refused to enforce or defend his totally  unjustifiable, knee-jerk, and probably unconstitutional Executive order  on Muslim immigration.   By firing Sally Yates, the President demonstrated once again that he  values loyalty to himself above service to the American people and  adherence to the Constitution. This is particularly disturbing as we  begin to consider the President's nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to  sit on the Supreme Court.   I am only beginning to scrutinize Judge Gorsuch's record, but I am  very concerned that he will be a rubberstamp for President Trump's  radical agenda. You don't have to take my word for it. You only have to  listen to what the President has been saying  [[Page S561]]  over the past 2 years. In June 2015, then-Candidate Trump told CNN's  Jake Tapper that he would apply a pro-life litmus test for his nominees  to the Supreme Court. He did it again at a press conference last March,  during the third Presidential debate, and shortly after his election.   This isn't the only litmus test President Trump promised to apply. In  February 2016, President Trump committed to appointing a Justice who  would allow businesses and individuals to deny women access to health  care on the basis of so-called religious freedom. In February 2016,  President Trump told Joe Scarborough he would make upholding the Heller  decision on guns another litmus test for his Supreme Court nominee.  Like tens of millions of Americans, I am deeply concerned that  President Trump applied each of these tests before he nominated Judge  Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.   In the weeks and months ahead, I will carefully and extensively  scrutinize Judge Gorsuch's record. I will question him on his judicial  philosophy and how he interprets the Constitution. I will insist he  clarify his position on a woman's constitutionally protected right to  choose, on voting rights, and the appropriate balance between corporate  interests and individual rights. I will do my job as a United States  Senator. The American people deserve nothing less from each of us.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   