 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address our commitment to  civility.   Let me quote: ``Civility is not a tactic or a sentiment. It is the  determined choice of trust over cynicism, of community over chaos.''  President George W. Bush spoke these words at his first inaugural  address in 2001. It was a time for new beginnings then, and it is a  time for new beginnings now.   I cannot think of a more well-intentioned way to begin the 115th  Congress than to join my awesome freshman class, from both sides, in  committing to work together civilly to unify and further strengthen our  great Nation. Through this commitment, we promise to put people before  politics, to thoughtfully advocate for the needs of our communities,  and to renew confidence and trust in our political system. Although we  may disagree on a number of issues, this commitment we make to each  other today ensures that we will work together to always promote a  positive and constructive discourse in our critically important work as  representatives of the American people.   This job is not about any one of us individually, but about the  hundreds of thousands of people we represent throughout our districts.  As a Representative of the people's House, we are expected to provide  positive leadership, a strong voice, and to set the example for the  American people.   The ability to agree to disagree and to voice our differences is a  critical part of the unique freedoms we cherish as Americans, but we  must always do so respectfully. Malicious discourse is a disservice to  those who risked their lives to fight for our freedoms and everything  that our great Nation stands for.   It is truly unfortunate that the tone of political discourse  throughout our Nation has become so contentious and hostile. It is  detrimental to fostering an open and productive dialogue and the unity  of our Nation. The commitment our class makes today solidifies this  promise to work together peacefully to provide leadership and  inspiration to the American people, while further promoting the  freedoms and individual rights that make our Nation the greatest in the  world.   We must look at 2017 positively, as a time for new beginnings. In the  wake of new leadership, we are provided with a new opportunity for a  fresh start and the chance to advance our shared mission of putting the  American people first. It is my hope that the efforts of our great  freshman class today, which, I argue, could be one of the greatest of  this august body's history, will inspire people throughout the Nation  to turn toward civility and to always treat each other with respect,  despite our differences.   I thank my freshman colleagues who have all accepted--almost all have  accepted--this particular commitment, and I especially would like to  thank the gentleman from Louisiana for leading us on this very  important issue.   