 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in  expressing actually a combination of outrage and heartbreak that  Washington is still working on yet another partisan plan to take  healthcare coverage and guaranteed protections away from families  across this country. This is despite a clear message Americans--and  Wisconsinites alike--have sent to Congress that they want us to work  across the party aisle to make things better and not worse. This latest  repeal plan totally ignores that message.   This plan would make things far worse, not better. It would make  things worse by allowing insurers to charge older Americans an age tax.  That is a worry that Greg from Stoddard, WI, has shared with me. Greg  told me that he and his family can't afford for things to get worse. He  has no idea how he and other older Wisconsinites will be able to afford  higher costs for healthcare. Greg's sons, both of them, have diabetes,  and they are already struggling with the skyrocketing cost of insulin.   It would make things worse by dramatically weakening guaranteed  protections for those with preexisting conditions, allowing insurers to  cut coverage for essential health benefits and charge more for needed  care. As someone who was branded with those words ``preexisting  condition'' as a child, I understand how this repeal would hurt  Wisconsin families and families throughout America.   It would make things worse by eliminating the premium tax credits and  cost-sharing reduction payments that help thousands--thousands--of  Wisconsinites afford healthcare coverage, and estimates show this  particular plan offered in the Senate could significantly cut funding  for my home State of Wisconsin by almost $3 billion in the year 2027.   On top of this latest repeal plan, it has to be added that the Trump  administration continues to play dangerous political games and engage  in sabotage against the Affordable Care Act and Wisconsin's healthcare  system, and it does so at the expense of families seeking affordable  insurance. Instead of working to lower healthcare costs, the Trump  administration continues to threaten to withhold the critical cost- sharing reduction payments that help reduce deductibles and out-of- pocket costs for Wisconsin families. Instead of giving healthcare  providers certainty and working to stabilize the healthcare  marketplace, the Trump administration is laying the groundwork for  higher premiums next year.   In addition, just last week, the administration slashed funding to  States for their outreach and education efforts to help more people  sign up for healthcare. Wisconsin's trusted Navigator Programs had  their funding cut, without explanation, by almost 50 percent, despite a  long record of actually exceeding their enrollment goals. This would  mean fewer people in rural Wisconsin will receive the support and  assistance they need to obtain affordable healthcare coverage.   Instead of making things worse, we should be making things better by  getting the job done on bipartisan solutions that lower costs, that  expand coverage, and make healthcare more affordable. The Senate  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions--the HELP  Committee--is trying to do just that.   Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member Murray have shown great  leadership in bringing us together to work across party lines on  solutions that work for the American people. Our committee has heard  from leaders from across the country. These are leaders and experts who  play different roles in the healthcare system, and they are telling us  how we can work together to make things better.   We have had a set of four hearings over the last 2 weeks, and  throughout these hearings we have received a consistent message. That  message is that now is the time to work together to stabilize the  health insurance market and to make healthcare more affordable.   I believe we need to be doing more to increase the enrollment of  younger and healthier adults in the marketplace. We should be exploring  bipartisan solutions to increase outreach and coverage for those over  6.1 million young adults who are still uninsured. Slashing the funding  for outreach, education, and assistance to them will further  destabilize the market and lead to higher costs for everyone.   It is past time to stop this partisan nonsense. I urge my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle to do just that by ending these partisan  attempts to take people's healthcare away and make them pay more for  less care.   The people of Wisconsin--frankly, the people across this country-- have sent a clear message. They have sent a clear message that they  don't want us to take people's healthcare away, and they have sent a  clear message that they want us to work together, to work across the  party line to make things better, not worse.   I believe that if parties can look past this partisan debate, if we  can do the people's business, then we can find common ground. Let's do  that by getting the job done on bipartisan solutions that stabilize and  strengthen the healthcare marketplace. Let's do that by getting the job  done on solutions that would lower healthcare costs for all American  families.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   