 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me this  time, and I am pleased to support this bipartisan bill, the Improving  Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act.   I support it because it does exactly what its title says. It fills  the gaps in our prior legislation on missing and exploited children. We  need to look at such legislation very often because of what we are  learning about missing and exploited children.   There are many parts of this bill I support, but I particularly  support a provision that we didn't have nearly as much knowledge of  during the passage of the last bill: to improve the protection of  children in State care. These are often foster children or children  without parents. These are the children who may be most susceptible to  trafficking and other exploitation.   I certainly would appreciate the efforts of the committee in making  sure that provisions of my bill that, I believe, got to you too late,  are included in the final House and Senate bill because they are  entirely consistent with the bill on the floor today. They come from  recent experience of the District of Columbia.   The D.C. police began to do something, which I urge all of you to do,  and that is to use social media to let people know when there are  missing children. It unnerved residents of the District of Columbia  until they recognized that the city didn't have any more missing  children than any other jurisdiction. Still, I support what the  District did in using social media. Still, we simply don't know enough.   My provisions would have the government collect subsets of data that  it does not collect today. For example, we found in the District that  there were more missing girls of color than boys. We ought to have  known that from national statistics. You don't know it because there  are no national statistics on the subsets of children.   My bill would collect and publish demographic characteristics that  simply are not published today on race, gender, sexual orientation, and  gender identity. If you think of those categories, you will understand  why these may be the children in particular need of protection.   In addition, there is no current comprehensive count of missing  children in the United States. So, we need more work on this bill. We  need to break down to these subsets so that jurisdictions, like my own,  will know where to focus when we are focusing on missing children.   Again, I am pleased that the District turned out not to have any more  missing children than the average jurisdiction, but I am also pleased  that it got a rise out of people who never would have paid attention to  this issue until the police department decided to go on social media.   We want to make sure that we cover all of our children and that we do  what this bill does.   What are the gaps? Where do we need to fill in?   Mr. Speaker, this is the first bill on missing children in a number  of years. We must make sure no children are left behind.  [[Page H4456]]        