 I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs.  Watson Coleman).   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Betsy DeVos as  Secretary of Education.   I know that my colleagues have been talking about their concerns with  regard to the troubling nominations of Donald Trump, and I want to add  my voice with respect to the Secretary of Education.   About 90 percent of Americans--Republicans and Democrats alike--send  their children to public schools; and as a proud graduate of the New  York City public school system, I, myself, know firsthand of the  importance of both primary and secondary education as part of early  childhood and young adulthood. Most public schools in the United States  are operated by the city, town, or county for the benefit of the  public, and all of the resources that are allocated to public schools  are used to support the development of students and to prepare them for  success in the 21st century.   Mr. Speaker, I believe Betsy DeVos has a very different approach to  education, and that is extremely clear. She and her family, over the  years, have devoted millions of dollars to replacing public schools in  Michigan with charter schools, most of which have recorded test scores  in reading and math that are well below the State average. Let me  repeat that--most of which have recorded test scores in reading and  math that are well below the State average.   Recently, the Detroit Free Press released an article that explained,  while families in Detroit have the choice of many different charter  schools, few of these choices actually offer a quality education.   Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that Betsy DeVos has used donations to  provide to Republicans in the Michigan  [[Page H464]]  State Legislature to prevent State agencies from investigating as to  whether charter schools are providing students with a comprehensive  education that will prepare them for the future. I am alarmed that the  system that was developed by Betsy DeVos, which allows for-profit  corporations to operate charter schools, realigns those resources  intended for schoolchildren into the pockets of shareholders--making a  profit off the backs of children.   Since 1959, the DeVos family has operated Amway, which is a business  that has been labeled as a pyramid scheme--paying out millions of  dollars in fines and cheating working families. We cannot allow Betsy  DeVos the chance to extend those same basic principles used during her  time at Amway to affect our education system--enriching wealthy  investors at the expense of our children's education. It is not a  solution. It is a problem.   I thank my colleague for giving me the time. I hope that the American  people are watching very closely as to what is taking place here  because, indeed, it is a travesty.   