 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, 2 days ago, the GOP-controlled Senate  confirmed Leonard Steven Grasz to a Federal appeals court. This is a  man who is so aggressively ideological that he earned a rating of ``not  qualified'' from the American Bar Association.   The ABA reached that conclusion, in part, after speaking with many of  Mr. Grasz's peers who expressed concerns ``that Mr. Grasz' strongly  held social views and/or his deeply rooted political allegiances would  make it impossible for him to have an unbiased and open mind on  critical issues.''   Those individuals have ample reason to be concerned. Among his many  appalling views, Mr. Grasz believes discrimination against LGBTQ  individuals is A-OK. He supports the harmful and discredited practice  of conversion therapy and he opposes reproductive rights and the  Republicans just confirmed him to a lifetime appointment as a Federal  judge who will make life-changing decisions for millions of Americans.   The other judicial nominee the GOP-controlled Senate confirmed this  week, Donny Willett, doesn't fall very far from that tree either. Mr.  Willett, a current justice on the Texas Supreme Court, isn't shy about  his radical rightwing views. He has bragged about being the most  conservative justice on the Texas Supreme Court, and he has a record to  show for it.   Mr. Willett believes judges should be able to easily overturn State  and local laws that protect workers, including minimum wage laws and  laws that allow workers to unionize. This view is so out of the  mainstream that other conservative judges, including Chief Justice John  Roberts and Judge Robert Bork, have rejected him.   Mr. Willett's radical views don't stop there. He has ruled to limit  the rights of same-sex couples. He has mocked transgender individuals.  He has demonstrated hostility to issues that affect working women,  including pay equity, discrimination, and sexual harassment. Mr.  Willett has ruled against efforts to help remedy discrimination in  Texas schools. On issue after issue, Mr. Willett's record shows a  stunning disregard of the issues that impact millions of Americans.   The truth is, Mr. Grasz and Mr. Willett are not unique. They are just  a few of the many nominees whose records show they cannot fairly and  impartially dispense equal justice under the law.   Right now, the GOP-controlled Senate is executing a breathtaking plan  to fill our courts with rightwing, radical nominees like Mr. Grasz and  Mr. Willett. It is a plan that has been long in the making. For years,  Republicans have worked hand in hand with billionaire-funded, rightwing  groups to ensure that our courts advance the interests of the wealthy  and the powerful over everyone else.   First, after President Obama was elected, Republicans abused the  filibuster to stop reasonable mainstream judges from filling vacancies  on Federal courts. They didn't stop those nominees because of their  qualifications. They didn't stop them because of their records. The  Republicans stopped those nominees because they didn't want judges who  cared more about justice than about protecting the powerful.   Then, once the filibuster was gone and Republicans had gained the  majority in the Senate, they slowed the judicial nominations process to  a crawl. Vacancies stacked up, and the courts became overloaded with  cases.   Finally, last year, Republicans took their assault on our judicial  system to new heights, refusing to consider any nominee put forward by  the President to fill a Supreme Court vacancy. They threw the  Constitution and Senate precedent right out the window to advance their  radical agenda. It was shocking, and it was shameful.   Now that there is a Republican President who is committed to tilting  our courts further in favor of the rich and the powerful, Republicans  are looking to fill our courts with judges who share that commitment,  no matter how unqualified they may be.   This week, the Senate will vote on one more of those judicial  nominees, James Ho, a man who, like Mr. Grasz and Mr. Willett, will  work to hand our courts over to powerful, pro-corporate interests. When  it comes to money and politics, Mr. Ho's view is the more the better.  He has argued that there should be no limits on campaign contributions,  none--democracy for sale. According to Mr. Ho, the reason government is  so corrupt isn't because there is too much secret money slithering  through our political system but because government makes it too hard  for those big donors to succeed in the private sector.   Tell that to the working families, the students, the teachers, and  the small businesses that will be paying higher taxes to give those fat  cat donors giant tax cuts.   Mr. Ho has also defended discrimination against LGBTQ individuals.  While he was solicitor general of Texas, Mr. Ho defended Texas's ban on  same-sex marriage. More recently, he has heaped praise on a Federal  district court nominee who, among other disgusting statements, said  that transgender children are part of ``Satan's plan.''   Here is another troubling aspect of Mr. Ho's record: his view on  whether torture is illegal. While Mr. Ho worked in the Justice  Department, he authored a memo relating to the treatment of prisoners  of war. That memo is cited in one of the torture memos that became the  basis for the Bush administration's illegal and immoral practice of  torturing terrorism suspects. That memo was not provided to the  Judiciary Committee, and Mr. Ho has refused to fully answer questions  regarding his involvement in what ultimately became the Bush  administration's policy on torture--information that every Senator  should demand to see before we vote on his nomination.   Grasz, Willett, and Ho--just about all of Trump's judicial nominees-- have a lot in common. They will put powerful interests before the  rights of workers, before the rights of women, before the rights of  LGBTQ individuals, people of color, religious minorities, and pretty  much everyone else. Their radical, rightwing views mean that in their  courts, it will be easier for giant corporations and wealthy  individuals to get relief and harder for everyone else to find justice.  That is the perverted, upside-down justice system that every Member of  this Congress should be working to fix.   Now more than ever, we need judges who will stand up for equal  justice for all, not just for the rich and the powerful. The records of  the nominees before us this week show that they cannot meet that  standard. That is why I voted no on the nominations of Mr. Grasz and  Mr. Willett, and that is why I will be voting no on Mr. Ho. I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Mr. President, I yield.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   