 Mr. Speaker, I was sitting in my office watching this  debate, and I really appreciate the opportunity to come down. I ran  down the stairs because I wanted to speak to this issue.   Now, it really doesn't matter what anybody in here thinks about what  I think is a pretty amazing piece of art. Under the banner of artistic  discovery--that is the competition that we have, artistic discovery--we  are inviting young people, high school students, to express themselves,  sometimes to find themselves in the artwork that they do, to clarify  ideals for themselves and to challenge people. What is art about, if  not that?   So, in my office right now, we are putting together the artwork that  has been submitted from the high schools in our district. We take very  great pride in our artistic discovery contests, and so we are  collecting that artwork.   But as we looked at the instructions before we did it, we saw this  new addition that just came up, first time. How long is this? Thirty- two years we have been doing this? This is the first year that it  includes suitability guidelines, and it makes very clear that subjects  of contemporary political controversy are not allowed.   Then we have to sign, each Member of Congress will be required to  submit a letter of support for their work of art. This letter is to  ensure that the Member has seen the artwork before it is submitted, has  taken responsibility for the content, and has certified that the  artwork, in the Member's opinion, adheres to the suitability  guidelines.   Now, of course it says: ``While it is not the intent to censor any  artwork, we do wish to avoid artwork that is potentially inappropriate  for display in this highly traveled area leading to the Capitol.''   What the heck does that really mean? Does that mean that people are  not--you know, we have to worry about is somebody going to take offense  at something or say, ``Ooh, I don't like that picture''? They are  entitled to do it, and the artist is entitled to put it out here.   Now, it so happens that none of the pieces that were submitted, I  think, were unsuitable, but who the heck knows anymore? Who makes the  decision about what is unsuitable? I don't know.   Some of the--if you look down the hall and look at some of them, some  of those self-portraits, I don't know, these kids look troubled to me.  Is that something that ought to be taken down? No. Absolutely no.   This young person lived through a traumatic incident in his community  and I think, quite artistically, decided to express his feelings about  it. I think it is absolutely an outrage. We already heard about the  violation of the Constitution, but each and every American should be  offended by that and about these suitable guidelines. I am sorry. I  object. I hope you do too.   