 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would eliminate the dangerous  cuts to Tribes who don't meet the bill's match requirement. I urge all  of my colleagues to support it.   I am proud to represent a number of Tribal communities in the Puget  Sound region that each have a rich history, identity, and culture. But  they face unique challenges.   The need for home visiting services is particularly high among  American Indians and Alaska Natives. Young people who live on  reservations are twice as likely to become teen parents. Nearly three- fourths of the parents served by Tribal home visiting services live  below the Federal poverty level. And the majority of Tribal  beneficiaries have less than a high school diploma.   The good news is that Tribes are already using home visiting  resources to implement evidence-based models that have decreased  depression, substance abuse, and stress among parents, while improving  health among children.   Seventy-seven percent of Tribal home visiting programs have improved  family outcomes in at least four different areas, such as improving  maternal and newborn health, increasing school readiness, reducing  domestic violence, and strengthening parents' economic self- sufficiency.   The bad news is the need for help in Indian Country has far exceeded  the limited funding available through the home visiting program. In  fact, less than half of qualified applications for Tribal home visiting  can be granted under the current funding levels.   Some States have tried to address these shortages with State  resources, like my home State of Washington, which has voluntarily used  State funding to meet the needs of Tribal families. But it is not  enough.   The underlying bill provides no new resources to address the  nationwide shortfall in Tribal funding. Instead, it adds a match  requirement that could be the end of home visiting on reservations  altogether.   Most Indian Tribes struggle economically and already face challenges  providing help to families. I understand that Tribal administrators  have said almost none of them could meet the match requirement in this  legislation.   Indian Tribes have also generally considered Federal match  requirements to be a violation of Tribal sovereignty. As such, they may  have to refuse the funds and shut down home visiting programs if the  bill is enacted with the match requirement.   I appreciate that the chairman has delayed the implementation of the  Tribal match and reduced it to 30 percent. But, realistically, the  effect will be simply to give Tribes more time to shut down their home  visiting programs. The match requirement will still be completely  unworkable for them in 2022.   The Federal Government has a responsibility to our Tribal communities  to do everything we can to support their people, strengthen their  families, and expand economic opportunity.   Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill takes a dangerous step in the wrong  direction for our Tribes, but we still have the opportunity to stop it.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed in the current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Like all my colleagues on this side of the aisle, I strongly support  reauthorization of the home visiting program before it expires on  September 30. We know it has an incredible track record of success  improving child and family outcomes in our most vulnerable communities.   We also support a timely reauthorization of the program before its  expiration, to ensure families across the country who are benefiting  from home visiting do not face a disruption in services.   Unfortunately, Republicans have put forward a partisan bill with  reckless policy changes that are not supported by experts and with only  three legislative days remaining. It is incredibly disappointing, Mr.  Speaker.   Earlier this summer, I got to see firsthand how impactful this  program  [[Page H7516]]  can be. The families who choose to participate receive regular home  visits from nurses and social workers, often from the same  neighborhoods, who help to create healthy and supportive home  environments for children and parents alike--parents like Jessie, from  my home State of Washington, who struggled before she got connected  with home visiting.   Jessie says: ``Home visiting changed my life and helped me break the  cycle of poor parenting.''   The results can't be denied. It has been shown to reduce the  likelihood of child abuse and neglect by 50 percent, while, at the same  time, reducing domestic violence, improving children's school  readiness, and increasing parents' self-sufficiency and economic well- being.   It is precisely the kind of evidence-based model that we know gives  us a great return. Unfortunately, there are huge unmet needs for home  visiting services across the country. Last year, more than 29,000  eligible families were unserved in Washington State alone.   That is why I am so disappointed this legislation fails to make the  meaningful investments we need to lift more families out of poverty and  into the middle class.   Democrats even offered a proposal to double funding over 5 years,  which was fully paid for, but the majority refused to allow a vote.  Instead, they have included objectionable policy changes that are not  supported by experts who have said the bill's matching requirement for  States is the single greatest threat to home visiting.   We should not be taking steps that undermine the program or that  reduce the number of States and communities that are working to help  families thrive.   We should also not have waited to consider this issue until days  before the program expires, like we have done with the Children's  Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, the Community Health Center Fund,  the National Health Service Corps, and so many other programs that are  essential for the children and families that we represent.   It is unacceptable that so many programs are at risk due to  Congressional inaction. We need to do a better job of providing  families, States, and providers the long-term stability that they need.   My amendment is a step in the right direction. It eliminates the  bill's dangerous policy changes and, instead, provides a clean, 5-year  reauthorization of the home visiting program, giving States, counties,  and Tribes the tools and visibility they need to help more children and  families succeed.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ``yes.'' Home  visiting has a long history of bipartisan support, and I hope we can  come together to take the program forward, not backward.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   