 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the previous  question and to the rule. If we defeat this rule, we can enable the  House of Representatives to vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act.   Today is Equal Pay Day. This is the day that the average woman's  earnings finally catch up to what the average man made last year--and  we are 94 days into 2017.   Women are nearly half the workforce, yet they still only earn about  80 cents, on average, to a man's dollar. The gap widens even further  when you consider women of color. African-American women make 63 cents  on the dollar, while Latinas make only 54 cents, on average, compared  with White men.   This is unacceptable. The National Women's Law Center found that,  based on today's wage gap, a woman starting her career will lose  $418,800 over a 40-year career. For African-American women, the losses  are $840,000. For Latinas, the lifetime gap is over $1 million.   This disparity, by the way, exists at all levels of education and  occupation--even at the very top. The world champion U.S. women's  soccer team is fighting for pay equity, as are Academy Award-winning  actresses like Emma Stone and Viola Davis, who have used their  platforms to call for equal pay in Hollywood. The fact that women at  the top of their field feel the repercussions of this issue speaks to  its pervasiveness. Women from the boardroom to the factory floor and in  every industry in every State are hurt by the wage gap.   The biggest issue of our time is that people are not making enough to  live on, and their jobs just don't pay them enough money. Pay inequity  does not just affect women; it affects children, families, and our  economy as a whole, and that is because women in this country are the  sole or co-breadwinner in half of families with children today.   I first introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act on June 24, 1997, almost  20 years ago. The Paycheck Fairness Act will mean real progress in the  fight to eliminate the gender wage gap and help families. The act  ensures that employers who try to justify paying a man more than a  woman for the same job must show the disparity is not sex-based but  job-related and necessary. It prohibits employers from retaliating  against employees who discuss or disclose salary information with their  coworkers. The bill would allow women to join together in class action  lawsuits where there are allegations of sex-based pay discrimination.   This bill, by the way, has passed the House of Representatives twice  in a bipartisan way. Today we have 198 cosponsors of that bill, and,  yes, it is bipartisan. We can pass this piece of legislation in this  body. We have not been able to get it to the President's desk despite  the fact that this is an issue that affects every single State in this  country.   Every year I hope we never have to recognize this day again because  equal pay will be the law of the land. Men and women in the same job  deserve the same pay. It is true in the House of Representatives; it  should be true all over this country. We are men and women in this body  who come from different parts of the country with different skill sets,  different educational backgrounds, and different philosophies, and,  yes, we get paid the same amount of money. Let's make sure that the  Paycheck Fairness Act is the law of the land. The time has come for  equal pay.     Mr. Speaker, what a great compliment from someone who is  a tigress when it comes to making sure that the working people in her  community are represented--that their interests, their families, and  their economic security are represented--and who fights on a daily  basis to make sure that our families have the economic wherewithal with  which to succeed.   The gentlewoman from Ohio is someone who really knows that the  biggest problem that we face today in this Nation is that people are in  jobs that just don't pay them enough; and that they can't make it, that  they are struggling.   When you lay on top of that the direction that our trade agreements  have taken us, it reinforces the fact of their lack of wages and of  income inequality. And you can't have a discussion about income  inequality in this Nation today without starting with wages.   I am struck by those people who tell us that all of this wage  stagnation and income inequality is the fault of globalization and  technology. No, that is not the case. You just listen to Nobel Laureate  Joseph Stiglitz, who said that this inequality and the depression of  wages has come from public policy choices. And we have made the wrong  public policy choices, as has been evidenced by my colleague's  comments.   We support a trade policy that puts American workers before corporate  interests. And although President Trump made trade a central focus of  his campaign and he promised to fight for working men and women, the  broken promises are piling up.   I am deeply disturbed--I know my colleague is--that President Trump's  Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, has suggested that the Trans-Pacific  Partnership Agreement is a good place to start for the NAFTA  renegotiations. Working men and women deserve a new North American Free  Trade Agreement, not more of the same corporate-driven trade policies  of the failed Trans-Pacific Partnership--an agreement, as I said, that,  as a candidate, President Trump opposed. He spoke all over the country  and told people that it had to go, that he was going to renegotiate  NAFTA.   This is not the only about-face that this administration has taken on  trade. If you listen to the Economic Policy Institute, China's past  cheating to manipulate the value of their money has left over 5 million  Americans without good-paying jobs. Yet, President Trump has failed to  deliver on declaring China a currency manipulator. He said he was going  to do that on day one. And he has yet to act on countering our massive  $347 billion trade deficit with China.   He missed his promised deadline to start NAFTA renegotiation in his  first 100 days. He has already reneged on his Buy American promise that  American steel would be required for the Keystone XL pipeline. They  have waived that requirement, and my colleague knows deeply what has  happened to steel workers.    Mr. Speaker, this has been happening all along in so  many sectors. When you talk about the various agreements and NAFTA--and  actually with regard to currency--what we fought for in the Trans- Pacific Partnership Agreement was to do something about currency  manipulation because everything that may have been negotiated in the  NAFTA agreement with tariffs and lowering them and all of that, all of  that was for naught when Mexico devalued the peso. Once you do that,  then your goods are cheaper than our goods and we suffer. It is the  same thing that has happened in Korea, and this is what we were looking  at in the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.   Despite the Oval Office fanfare last Friday, President Trump's recent  executive orders are, frankly, nothing but window dressing. While  initiating a new Federal report--a new Federal report, God, there must  be unbelievable cavernous institutions and places where we have Federal  reports which go nowhere--what they are about is a common way to avoid  fixing any problems that we have. The real test is going to be whether  or not the Trump administration takes action to create jobs and to  reduce the trade deficit.   Improving our trade policy requires new rules, not more of the status  quo. And it was Mr. Ross who, I believe, said  [[Page H2685]]  that: My gosh, you can't throw out the Trans-Pacific Partnership  Agreement. You have to fiddle around the edges with it.   That is where they are going. Again, they are betraying the promises  that were made to those workers in your district, those workers in my  district, and workers all across the country.    Mr. Speaker, that is absolutely right. That was a  central part of the election last November.   Improving our trade policy requires new rules, as I said, not more  status quo. We have to push a trade agenda that will create good-paying  jobs and that is going to raise wages here at home. And our coalition  is going to continue to hold this administration accountable. What we  need to do is to try to reshape the trajectory of modern globalization,  one that doesn't exacerbate that economic problem that I spoke about  people being in jobs that just don't pay them enough money. The NAFTA  agreement put people at such grave risk.   I know that the gentlewoman can recall this as well: we both stood on  this House floor all those years ago and we said we were going to lose  jobs, that we were going to increase the trade deficit, and that this  was not an agreement that would benefit the working men and women of  this country.   At that time, quite frankly, we were told by the then-Clinton  administration that we were thugs, that we did not understand what was  happening, that we were protectionist, all kinds of labels against the  thinking that we said that this was not going to benefit us.    Mr. Speaker, we said it then.   What we didn't have at that time was the data, which is now right  here on this floor of the House, which is why we were able to defeat  the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, because they couldn't fool us  again. They could not fool us again. Not us. They couldn't fool the  American people again.   We are not going down that road, not with a reheated Trans-Pacific  Partnership Agreement or a tweaked North American Free Trade Agreement.   I said we have to reshape that trajectory of modern globalization. It  is a trajectory that needs to benefit American workers. It has to  foster inclusive growth.   This is not just about large corporations and special interests that  will be the beneficiaries of trade agreements. It is about trade  agreements that grow our economy, that grow the economic security of  the people of this country.   Implementing a new model is not going to be easy. It isn't going to  be easy; we know that. But with so much on the line, we understand that  it is our obligation to put the American people first, to set those new  rules for a 21st century economy and give it our all.   We are going to be absolutely vigilant with where the discussions and  the negotiations go on a renegotiated NAFTA agreement and future trade  agreements that we may embark on.   We are not afraid of trade. We just want it to work for the people of  this country, and we don't want to do what has happened to the folks in  Mexico and to other countries as well.   First and foremost, I will just say that we have to be cognizant of  the repercussions on the standard of living and the quality of life  that our people in the United States have. These trade agreements have  worked against that, and it is not going to happen again.    Mr. Speaker, it has been a remarkable coalition, and it  is standing strong. It stands strong.   I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for being a central and integral  part of this effort. I appreciate that.   