 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Texas for her commitment, for her work, and for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I spent 5 years as a proud member of the Judiciary  Committee. I miss it and I hope to return one day to add on to my  responsibilities as a member of the Appropriations Committee.   I also thank Mr. Goodlatte for his leadership and solid, consistent  support for this program over the last decade.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 782, Providing  Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our  Children Act--or the PROTECT Our Children Act--because at this very  moment there are thousands of children out there waiting to be saved.   Our children deserve, as we all agree, a future that is healthy,  prosperous, bright, secure, and, most of all, safe. That is, of course,  what every parent cares about the most: the safety of their children.  But, sadly, our children are vulnerable when they are online.   With the proliferation of the internet and wireless technology,  online child pornography has become an epidemic, and I don't use that  term lightly. The ever-increasing reach of the modern internet has  facilitated an exploding, multibillion-dollar market for child  pornography.   Tragically, the demand for this criminal market can only be supplied  by graphic new images, and these images can only be supplied through  the sexual assault of more children. Let's not forget that these are  not just heinous photos or images. They are, simply put, crime scene  photos created by a thriving industry that uses children as sexual  commodities.   Ten years ago, I introduced H.R. 3845, the Providing Resources,  Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act  of 2007--or PROTECT Our Children Act of 2007.   At a House Judiciary hearing on that bill, my colleagues will  remember we heard from a very brave young woman, Alicia Kozakiewicz.  She had been abducted by an internet predator when she was just 13  years old. She was held captive in his dungeon basement and sexually  tortured for 4 days.   The FBI found Alicia because the Virginia Internet Crimes Against  Children Task Force--or ICAC--had the technology to lift the digital  fingerprints of this perpetrator's crimes. They were able to discover  the location where he held her captive, chained to the floor, connected  to a collar around her neck. Internet crimes officers tracked the IP  address back to his door and literally rescued Alicia from death.   I remember Alicia's testimony like it was yesterday because it moved  many of the members of that committee, including myself, to tears. Over  the course of that next year, we learned a lot about these types of  offenders: who they are, how they operate, and, most importantly, where  they are.   We saw detailed law enforcement maps that showed the locations of  hundreds of thousands of sexual predators, over half of whom had actual  child victims waiting to be rescued.   That number might lend people to think: Come on, that has to be an  exaggeration. It is not. I have seen the evidence before my eyes:  hundreds of thousands of sexual predators, each on a computer uploading  pictures of child victims that they are sexually assaulting. Those maps  described the truly harrowing environment.   Congress did what it was supposed to do. We acted. We passed H.R.  3845 and, the following year, passed its companion, S. 1738. This  legislation established the National Internet Crimes Against Children-- or ICAC--Task Force Program, a specialized group of law enforcement  officials dedicated to the protection of our children.   In 2009 and 2010, Congress funded the ICAC Task Force at close to  their full authorization levels of $50 million per year. The task  forces grew from 42 to 61, and arrests and child rescues doubled.   Literally thousands more predators were apprehended and children  rescued. An untold number of sexual assaults were prevented by virtue  of the fact that the most dangerous offenders were sitting behind bars,  where they could no longer harm our children.   In 2011, however, the ICAC Task Force budget was slashed, cut from  $50 million to where it is today at $27 million. So, with all due  respect, I have to correct my colleagues. We are not funding the ICAC  Task Force at authorized levels.    This cut remains intact, despite the fact that, as of August 2017,  law enforcement has seen nearly a half million unique IP addresses  trafficking in sexual abuse images in the U.S. That is hundreds of  thousands of separate online sexual predators, and that number is only  from January 2017 to August 31, 2017.   Even more heartbreaking, law enforcement officials tell us that the  victims are getting younger, most under the age of 10, and the abuse is  getting more sadistic. According to the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children, 44 percent of the images, Mr. Speaker, they viewed  in 2016 depicted sexual torture.   Law enforcement also tells us that only 7 percent of the top 100  traders on peer-to-peer networks trading these types of images are even  under investigation.   Mr. Speaker, this is not just unacceptable; it is tragic. We owe our  children much better than that. They deserve our help and a Congress  that will do whatever it can to ensure their health and safety.   S. 782, the Senate version of a bill that I introduced in March of  this year with my colleague and friend, Lamar Smith, as the chairman  kindly thanked us, reauthorizes the National Internet Crimes Against  Children Task Force.   According to estimates, half of the arrests made by ICAC teams lead  us to the door of a hands-on offender and, thus, a child waiting to be  rescued.   The PROTECT Our Children reauthorization before us today will help us  continue to provide the safety net we so desperately need by allowing  these highly successful ICAC Task Forces to continue to support State  and local law enforcement agencies.  [[Page H7709]]    While I applaud House leadership for making sure this crucial child  rescue program and funding is not allowed to expire, I beseech my  colleagues to also make sure that the ICAC Task Forces are fully  funded. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I press for that  every year.   We have to do better. We have to get as close to the authorization  level as we can, because we actually rescue children with the more  resources we put into this.    Mr. Speaker, we must give the protection of  these children our full focus and efforts. Please think about these  precious babies being victimized. If you are a parent--and many of us  are--God forbid if it was your own child. It could be any of our  children, because of the prevalence of our children being online.   Let's give these ICAC teams the resources they need to rescue as many  children as possible. If we do that, thousands more innocent children  will be protected from these unspeakable crimes. There, but for the  grace of God, go our families and children.   I thank my Republican lead cosponsor, Congressman Lamar Smith, for  teaming up with me again to reauthorize this for yet another 5 years  for this critical issue. I urge my colleagues to support the PROTECT  Our Children Act reauthorization.   