 Mr. Speaker, yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 442, the NASA Transition  Authorization Act of 2017.   NASA is a catalyst for scientific discovery, innovation, inspiration,  and economic growth. This bill helps to ensure that NASA continues to  make significant advances in science, aeronautics, human exploration,  and space technology.   During the last Congress, the House passed the NASA Authorization Act  of 2015, H.R. 810. H.R. 810 was a bipartisan effort and, in particular,  it set the long-term goal of sending humans to the surface of Mars and  directed NASA to prepare a human exploration roadmap for what is needed  to get there.   I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, that the Senate-passed bill that is before  us today reflects significant content from H.R. 810. Sending humans to  deep space destinations and eventually to Mars is a challenge and goal  that I know will bring out the best of our U.S. industry and  universities, and it will inspire our young people to seek the  education and develop the skills needed to help the United States send  first astronauts to the martian surface.   Of course, keeping our focus on that goal over multiple Congresses  and administrations will really not be easy. That is why this bill, S.  442, comes at a critical time. Witnesses at a recent hearing of the  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology emphasized the need for  stability for NASA if it is to carry out the challenging tasks that our  Nation has given it.   While S. 442 is a 1-year reauthorization, it enables NASA to continue  making effective progress on its programs, including on the key systems  that will enable us to send NASA astronauts beyond low Earth orbit and  on to Mars.   The bill also provides policy direction in a number of important  areas, including astronaut health care, human spaceflight safety,  protection of Apollo lunar landing sites, orbital debris mitigation,  and facilities and infrastructure planning.   Mr. Speaker, while I support S. 442, it is not a perfect bill. It  does not directly address all of NASA's science programs, namely, earth  science and heliophysics. Those programs provide the space-based  measurements to help scientists understand the Earth's systems and  changing climate to predict space weather events, which can have  devastating impacts on our terrestrial infrastructure. At the same  time, I believe that section 501 of the bill reaffirms the importance  of maintaining a balance and adequately funded science program, which  includes astrophysics, planetary science, earth science, and  heliophysics.   In addition, while the bill reflects the House Appropriations  Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies' top- line mark of $19.5 billion for NASA for fiscal year 2017, I am  disappointed that it authorizes lower levels than the proposals of the  House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies for NASA's science, aeronautics, and space technology  accounts. We should be investing more, not less, in these important R&D  areas.   Mr. Speaker, we need a strong NASA, and we need to provide it with a  sustained commitment of vision, resources, and support to carry out the  challenging tasks our Nation has given it.   Before I close, I want to recognize the efforts of committee  leadership, including Chairman Lamar Smith, Space Subcommittee Chairman  Brian Babin, and the former Subcommittee Ranking Member Donna Edwards  for their work on H.R. 810, a significant portion of which is included  in this Senate bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this Senate  bill, the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from California, (Mr. Bera), the current ranking member  of the Space Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to  the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Perlmutter.)    Mr. Speaker, I have no further  requests for time on the bill.   I ask my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   