 Mr. President, I would like to begin by talking about  the recent tragedy in Las Vegas, the largest mass shooting in U.S.  history, with at least 59 dead and more than 500 injured, including one  Minnesotan who was injured and another who lost his life. So I join my  colleagues in mourning for the victims and their families. They are and  should be our focus at this time, as well as making sure those who were  hurt get the best medical care this country can give.   As we look ahead, these events underscore the urgency to continue  fighting for funding to better treat mental illness but also for  sensible gun safety legislation, and I joined with some of my  colleagues the day after the tragedy in Las Vegas to call for those  changes. No one policy will prevent every tragedy, but we need to come  together on commonsense legislation to save lives.   One place we discussed this week where we could come together-- because we have in the past--is on background checks. My colleagues  Senator Manchin and Senator Toomey, who are two A-rated NRA Senators,  have already demonstrated that we can find bipartisan agreement on  something as straightforward as background checks. I was very pleased  they came together on this legislation, but the fact remains, the  Senate's failure to pass that bipartisan compromise was disheartening-- one of my more disheartening days in the Senate because I began my day  that day with the families of the Sandy Hook tragedy, with the parents  who had lost their little kids, with the parents who had come to this  building to advocate for a bill, the background check bill, that they  knew wouldn't have saved their child's life, but they knew it would  have saved others. What we have seen with expanded background checks is  they reduce suicides and they reduce domestic homicides by a fairly  large number.   Our constituents agree that we should be able to find some agreement  here, as the numbers have consistently shown that Americans across the  political spectrum, including gun owners, support proposals to require  background checks by wide margins. I have  [[Page S6346]]  a State, like the Presiding Officer's, where there are a lot of  hunters. It is a proud tradition in Minnesota so I look at all these  proposals and I say to myself: Does this hurt my Uncle Dick and his  deer stand? For many of the ones I have looked at, the answer is  clearly no, including the background check bill.   When I talk to law enforcement in my State, they stress the need to  have effective background checks to stop felons, people with severe  mental illnesses, and others prohibited under current law from  accessing guns. These efforts do not have to infringe in any way on  Americans' lawful right to own guns.   Another sensible measure is Senator Feinstein's legislation to close  a loophole that allows bump stop devices to convert semiautomatic  firearms into weapons that work like fully automatic guns. Law  enforcement officers have now recovered 12 of these devices from the  Las Vegas shooter's room. I am a cosponsor of that bill, and I am  encouraged that some of my Republican colleagues have agreed to look at  this.    I hope we can find a path forward in the weeks ahead, not only with  regard to this particular focus, the bump stock device legislation, but  also on some of the other bills like the background check bill.   