 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Minnesota, our ranking member; and the gentleman from Tennessee, the  chair, for their commitment to bipartisan solutions which helped get us  the agreement that the House is considering today.   I am extremely proud to work on the Veterans' Affairs Committee  because we have shown that we can tackle the big issues in a bipartisan  way. That is why I rise today in support of S. 114, which will address  the immediate shortfall in funding for the Choice Program, while making  needed investments in direct VA-provided care.   I am so pleased that this bipartisan agreement includes my  legislation authorizing 28 new VA healthcare facilities across the  country. This bill will bring more care closer to home for veterans  from coast to coast.   The demand for VA healthcare is increasing, and many veterans face  long wait times because outdated facilities are too small to  accommodate the growing number of men and women seeking care.   The leases authorized by this bill are located in 17 States, with  nearly 12 million veterans living in them, who have been waiting years  for improved access to care. This includes a new, larger clinic in the  city of Oxnard, in my district, which will bring much-needed specialty  care closer to home for our veterans in Ventura County.   Veterans in my community and communities across the country have  waited long enough for these expanded services, and I thank my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle and our veterans service  organizations for working with me to deliver this win for them.   We can fund the VA Choice Program and fund other programs critical to  the VA's mission, my mission, and the mission of my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle: provide the care our veterans, who have risked  their lives for our country, have earned and deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation  and help ensure veterans get the care they need and to make the  investments we need to build a modern, veteran-centric 21st century VA.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Minnesota, our ranking member, and the gentleman from Tennessee, our  chairman, for their support of this bill and for their tireless  advocacy on behalf of our Nation's veterans.   I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the Veterans' Access to Child  Care Act, which will break down a barrier to care many veterans with  children face. This is especially problematic for women veterans, who  are often the primary caretakers of young children and a rapidly  growing segment of the veteran population.   According to a 2015 VA study, 42 percent of women who use the VA said  it is difficult to find childcare that would allow them to attend  medical appointments, and for those who can, that care is often  unaffordable.   The average cost of childcare in my home State of California, for  instance, is more than $13,000 a year. As the post-9/11 generation  continue to start their families, more and more veterans will face the  unacceptable choice between caring for their children and getting the  healthcare they need.   Without affordable childcare options, veterans can miss their  appointments, including critical mental health appointments, that  impact their long-term well-being. It is just common sense: better  access to childcare will lead to better access to care, which will  ultimately result in better outcomes for our Nation's veterans.   The VA currently runs a successful childcare pilot program at several  locations around the country that benefits female and male veterans of  all eras. My legislation will make that program permanent and expand it  nationwide, ensuring that no veteran will have to miss a VA health  appointment because of a lack of access of childcare.   I want to thank my colleague, Congressman Brian Higgins, for his  steadfast support of this bill and all of my colleagues on the VA  Committee who have backed this proposal every step of the way.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation  and help ensure that veterans do not have to choose between caring for  their children and getting the healthcare they need and deserve.   