 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I wish to begin by offering my  condolences to the victims of the massacre in Las Vegas last night and  to their loved ones. I am heartsick for the residents of Las Vegas and  everyone around the country who woke up to the horrendous news of last  night's attack and who is worried sick about whether their family  members, friends, and neighbors are OK.   Thoughts and prayers are good, but they are simply not enough.  Thoughts and prayers are not enough when more moms and dads will bury  their children this week. Thoughts and prayers are not enough when sons  and daughters will be forced to grow up without their parents.   Attacks like the one last night have happened all too often in  America. Enough is enough. We have to have a conversation about how to  stop gun violence in America, and we need to have that conversation  right now.   Madam President, I want to take some time to discuss the vote we will  be taking shortly on the nomination of Ajit Pai to serve as the Chair  of the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC.   One thing that last night showed us is the importance of connections.  Every day, moms and dads pick up their phones to check in on their  kids, students go online to do research on homework assignments, and  families sit together to watch the newest hit television show or movie.  It is just a fact--media and telecommunications services play a vital  role in helping American households connect with their loved ones,  communities, and the world around them.   The FCC makes sure those services are available and accessible to all  Americans, whether they live in a rural community or in a large city-- at least that is what the FCC is supposed to do. There are a lot of  powerful companies that want to change that picture, companies that  want to change the rules so they can line the pockets of their  corporate executives and their wealthy investors. Those powerful  companies have launched an all-out assault on every branch of our  government with only one goal: to make sure the government works for  them and for their buddies. If it leaves everyone else in the dirt,  they don't much care.   As powerful companies know, it is good to have friends on the inside,  and they have invested a lot of money in making friends. Giant  corporations have spent unlimited amounts of money to elect politicians  who will promote their views and to flood Congress with lobbyists who  will work around the clock to destroy laws and rules that the industry  doesn't like and to reshape those laws to suit corporate interests. But  electing politicians and inflating Congress with lobbyists isn't  enough. Their Republican buddies in Congress can only do so much.  Powerful corporations need weak agencies that will not hold them  accountable, so they work to fill those agencies with their allies-- friends who can undo the rules that giant corporations don't like,  friends who will not go after those companies when they throw the rules  out the window to make an extra buck.    The FCC is one of the agencies that have been on their hit list for a  long time, and now they see their opportunity to execute a corporate  takeover of the FCC. They started at the top with Ajit Pai, President  Trump's pick to chair the FCC.   Since his appointment as Chair of the FCC, Chairman Pai has worked at  breakneck speed to transform the FCC from an agency that works in the  public interest to a big business support group.   Chairman Pai started with net neutrality protections--rules that help  keep the internet free and open by preventing giant broadband companies  from discriminating against certain internet users and turning the  internet into another service that caters to those who can pay top  dollar. Like his big broadband buddies, Chairman Pai  [[Page S6246]]  opposes net neutrality. Once President Trump was elected, Chairman Pai  declared that the days of net neutrality protections were numbered, and  now he is working hard to reverse those rules.   Chairman Pai has more items on his agenda. He is working to weaken  the FCC's Lifeline Program, which helps low-income households across  the country pay for phone and broadband service. Chairman Pai has also  halted the FCC's efforts to demand some accountability from private  prison phone companies that charge sky-high rates to prisoners and  their loved ones. Chairman Pai thinks it is just fine for private  companies to make it harder for prisoners to stay connected to their  families and their communities by charging exorbitant phone fees.   Chairman Pai defends killing these strong, public-centered rules by  repeating a version of the same old, tired refrain that we have heard  over and over from industry: Government should stay out of the way and  let big corporations do as they please because when big corporations  make lots of profits, that benefits everyone. Yeah, right. That worn- out theory has been disproved time and time again. Americans know that  when government is asleep at the wheel and big companies get to make  the rules, those giant companies make out like bandits, while everyone  else gets stuck with the bill.   That is not all. When government doesn't do its job, when it fails to  protect the public interest, the big guys can grow even larger and more  powerful and can translate greater economic power into greater  political power, and that is where it gets very scary. Just look at  Sinclair Broadcast Group. Sinclair is the largest television station  owner in America, and it has made a name for itself by aggressively  promoting ultraconservative views. It is infamous for forcing its  stations to regularly run rightwing segments, and it melds its radical  ideology with a take-no-prisoners profit-making mission, finding more  and more creative ways to reduce news coverage and instead promote its  sponsors' products.   Being the biggest isn't enough for Sinclair--it wants to become even  more powerful, so it has put in a bid to purchase Tribune Broadcasting,  another large television station owner. If government regulatories  don't stop the merger, Sinclair would have access to over 70 percent of  American households. If the alarm bells haven't already gone off, this  is where they should start ringing like crazy.   During the Presidential campaign, Sinclair was a huge supporter of  then-Candidate Trump. It used its power in local television markets to  spread slanted, pro-Trump news stories. Jared Kushner, President  Trump's son-in-law, even bragged about reaching a deal with Sinclair to  get more positive news media coverage of Trump.   The day before Trump's inauguration, Sinclair's chairman met with  Pai--who was then an FCC Commissioner but who was expected to be  promoted to Chairman--he met with him to urge him to change the rules  so Sinclair can grow even more powerful. When President Trump nominated  Pai to chair the FCC, Sinclair got exactly what it wanted: Chairman Pai  immediately got to work changing the rules so it would be easier for  Sinclair to acquire Tribune.   Local media is sacred to many Americans. It is where we catch up on  what is happening in our communities from people who know and care  about our communities. A merger between Sinclair and Tribune would  allow Sinclair to change that dynamic. With more local programming  coming from a centralized source, there would be less information and  less diversity of ideas in local reporting. That kind of concentrated  power is bad for competition, and it is worse for democracy. Whether  the Sinclair agenda is on the political right or the political left, no  single, centralized corporation should control access to local  programming for so many households.   We need a strong Chair at the FCC, a Chair who understands that the  government's role is to work for American families and to hold giant  corporations accountable. We do not need a Chair at the FCC who is  working for the most powerful communications corporations in this  country. That is why I will vote no on the nomination of Chairman Pai  to be Chairman of the FCC.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   