 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Yes, I am opposed to the bill.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the  bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   In last year's election, no campaign rhetoric was more infamous than  the President's promise to ``build a great, great wall on our Southern  border'' and ``make Mexico pay for it.''   The reality is the funding would come from U.S. taxpayers, not from  Mexico, as the President promised. This motion to recommit strikes the  $1.6 billion appropriation for construction of nearly 74 miles of  border wall.   Beyond the initial 74 miles, we have no idea of how many miles of  border wall the President plans to build or how much it will cost  because we have not received the required report on the long-term plan  and justification for border security investments.   Even with the plan, we will need time to evaluate whether investments  in the border wall are more cost effective than alternatives and more  urgent than clearly established unmet needs.   With $1.6 billion, we could buy two of the four heavy Coast Guard  icebreakers we need to protect U.S. interests in the Arctic. This  purchase would help minimize the danger highlighted in a National  Academies of Science report, which concluded the Coast Guard requires  four new heavy icebreakers to protect U.S interests in the Arctic,  where Russia has an ever-increasing presence.   The Coast Guard is ready to solicit proposals for new icebreakers in  fiscal year 2018. In this bill there is no funding for essential  icebreakers. There is no acquisition funding for them in the Homeland  Security bill.   The $1.6 billion could also be used for investments in additional  scanning technology in the hiring of thousands of Customs officers at  every U.S. port of entry. This would reduce wait times for travelers,  better facilitate the flow of commerce, and contribute to economic  growth in many of our districts. It would also enhance our ability to  intercept contraband and illegal narcotics mostly smuggled directly  into the U.S. through our ports of entry, not where the wall would be  built.   The bill before us does not adequately address these and other areas  of security vulnerabilities.   As Members of Congress, protecting our Nation and the American public  is our greatest responsibility. It is our obligation to act in their  best interest and to invest their tax dollars wisely. If the only  Homeland Security item in this bill remains the funding for 74 miles of  border wall, we will fail to meet our obligations.   Unfortunately, the President's border wall is now a proxy for the  broader immigration debate. There is a false and misleading assumption  that building a border wall will solve the immigration challenges we  face. The reality is we will never be able to fix our broken  immigration system with an enforcement-only approach that turns a blind  eye to the desperate circumstances that compels so many to make the  often deadly journey to the U.S.   We will never be able to address our immigration challenges by  treating as criminals the millions of undocumented people in this  country, many of whom are our neighbors and friends.   For years or even decades, the vast majority have called the U.S.  their home. They have paid their taxes, acted responsibly, contributed  to their communities, and worked hard to provide opportunity for their  family.   Immigration enforcement is as much a moral issue as it is a legal  one. Our Statue of Liberty has always been a welcoming symbol of hope  for those who, like now, are fleeing poverty, oppression, famine, war,  and violence in their home country. Many of our ancestors come from  somewhere else, often within certain legal status, and made significant  contributions to help our country become the greatest in the world.  Today's immigrants continue to contribute to that noble legacy.   What we truly need is comprehensive immigration reform that protects  our homeland and reflects our American values. Democrats stand ready to  work with Republicans to achieve that goal, but Democrats will not  support the use of taxpayer dollars for an ill-conceived border wall  that has more to do with a campaign promise than the security of our  homeland.   In spite of the President's assurances, Mexico is not paying for this  wall. The American taxpayer is. My motion to recommit would prevent  that from happening. I urge my colleagues to support the motion to  recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   