 Mr. President, President Trump said last week that the  healthcare bill passed by the House was ``mean,'' and then he said the  Senate should make the bill more ``generous, kind [and] with heart.''  It sounds like the President is having second thoughts about this  Republican bill.   So now, Mr. President, you are waking up and noticing just how  heartless this bill is; you know, the bill your Republican buddies in  Congress slapped together in a back room; you know, the one you  celebrated with a big press conference in the Rose Garden a few weeks  ago; you know, the bill that you and House Republicans gave each other  high fives over for taking away healthcare from millions of people, and  now it sounds like you want a do-over.   Too bad no one explained to the President that mean is just part of  the deal the Republicans have struck. Mean is baked into every sentence  of this bill. When you set out to trade health insurance of millions of  American families for massive tax cuts for the wealthy, things get real  mean fast.   This mean bill does a lot of things, but some of the meanest things  about it are how hard it will hit American women. To pay for the  hundreds of billions of dollars in tax cuts for this bill, Republicans  chose to make one of their classic moves--a sort of old reliable for  Republican men: attack women's healthcare.   Let's run through just a few examples. Today, most people helped by  Medicaid are women. The Republican bill cuts Medicaid by $834 billion.  Republicans say millions of women who lose healthcare will do just  fine.   Today, plans on the individual market have to cover maternity care  and treatment for postpartum depression. The Republican bill says:  Forget it. Let the States drop those benefits. Women are the only ones  using them anyway.   Today, the law says you can't charge women more by labeling things  like pregnancy as preexisting conditions. The Republican bill says: Who  cares? Go for it.   Today, women can choose healthcare providers they trust the most, but  the Republicans want to eliminate that choice by cutting funding for  Planned Parenthood. Republicans say women can do just fine without the  care they need.   Frankly, I am sick of many coming down to the Senate floor to explain  to Republicans what Planned Parenthood does. I am sick of explaining  that it provides millions of women with birth control, cancer  screenings, and STI tests every year. I am sick of pointing out, again  and again, that Federal dollars do not fund abortion services at  Planned Parenthood or anywhere else. Women come to the floor, we  explain, we cite facts, but Republicans would rather base healthcare  policy on politics than on facts.   Speaker Ryan called this mean bill pro-life, but this is just the  biggest political play of all. Calling something pro-life will not keep  women from dying in back-alley abortions. It will not help women pay  for the cancer screenings that could save their lives. It will not help  them take care of their families, have safe sex, or afford their  medical bills. The pro-life label is the Republicans playing politics  with women's lives.   Let's be blunt. The Republican bill will make it more likely--not  less likely--that women and their children will die. Women aren't  fools. We can feel the difference. We can tell the difference between  reality and lies, and that is why we are here today. That is why we are  fighting back on the Senate floor today.   Right now, 13 Senators--all men--are sitting in a room writing  revisions to the secret Republican bill. These 13 men will not show us  the bill and will not hold hearings on its contents. Just in case  anyone missed the point, please note that all 13 of these men have  already voted during their time in the Senate to reduce women's access  to contraception and abortion. Republicans have told the press that  Americans shouldn't worry about the fact that women are shut out  because ``reduc[ing]'' the 13 men to their gender is a ``game . . . of  identity politics.''   This is not identity politics, and it is certainly not a game. This  bill will affect every woman in this country, and we know what is going  on behind closed doors: 13 men are trading away women's healthcare for  tax cuts for the rich.   American women deserve better than this mean Republican bill, and  American women are here to fight back.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Idaho.   