 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Caesar Syria  Civilian Protection Act of 2017.   Since 2011, the Assad regime's forces have killed an estimated  500,000 people, mostly civilians, by unconscionably targeting and  attacking major population centers. According to Human Rights Watch,  last month, the Syrian regime used a nerve agent in northwest Syria  that killed at least 92 people, including 30 children.   Even more heartbreaking is the fact that this was not the first  chemical weapons attack by the Syrian Government against its own  people. To the contrary, reports suggest that the Assad regime's use of  chemical weapons has become ``widespread and systematic,'' and it has  dropped bombs with nerve agents on at least four other occasions since  December 12.   Just yesterday, our own State Department revealed that the Syrian  regime is actively using a large crematorium to dispose of the remains  of thousands of Syrian men, women, and children, whom they continue to  slaughter.   Not only has the Syrian Government become a source of such crimes  against humanity, but Syria has also indisputably become a hotbed for  terrorist activity, propped up by Iran, Russia, and Hezbollah. Both  ISIS and al-Qaida are operating near the Syria-Israel border, putting  the Jewish State of Israel and our regional security in grave danger.   As a mother and a Jew, I cannot turn my cheek to this unadulterated  evil. As a Member of the United States Congress, I have a duty to keep  the American people safe and hold the Assad regime accountable for its  war crimes and brutality. That is why I strongly support this critical  legislation, and I thank Ranking Member Engel for all of his hard work  in sponsoring it.   This bipartisan legislation would expand sanctions on those  individuals who commit such monstrous acts of violence and inflict such  extreme suffering upon innocent Syrians. It would ensure that the  United States has the tools it needs to reach its ultimate goal of  ending the Assad regime's campaign of carnage once and for all.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important  legislation.   