 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Missouri for  her good idea and for her passion for this issue and for her correct  statement that when people sign up for these exchanges, they don't have  to go by train, plane, or automobile to Washington, DC, to get their  insurance.   I heard, when I was home this weekend, over and over, concern from  people whom I was surprised to see come up to me. Several people in  Winona, MN, came up to me and said: We are Republicans, but we don't  think it is fair if seniors have to pay more when tax cuts are going to  the wealthiest.   I heard from people in Lanesboro, MN, small business owners who were  [[Page S3824]]  worried about what was happening with the proposal from the other side.  In Northfield, MN, the town of ``Cows, Colleges and Contentment,'' I  can tell you that they were not very content at the Northfield Hospital  as they saw the devastating impact this bill would have on rural  hospitals.   So that is why I so appreciate my colleague from North Dakota,  Senator Heitkamp, bringing people together today to talk about the fact  that there is another way forward.   There is another way forward, and the people in this Chamber have  done this before. Senator McConnell negotiated with Senator Boxer on a  major transportation bill. The last time we had an issue with doctors'  fees, we were able to get that done on a bipartisan basis. So what we  are simply asking our colleagues to do is to start afresh and to look  at what we could do together to help the people of this country without  sabotaging the current healthcare delivery system and without taking  this out on the most vulnerable through Medicaid cuts.   Here are some ideas. As to prescription drug prices, why would we not  allow the 41 million seniors in this country to use their bargaining  power--to harness their bargaining power--as my friend Senator Nelson  from Florida understands because he knows there are a lot of seniors in  Florida--to harness that bargaining power to negotiate for lower costs  on prescription drugs. The current law bans us from doing that. So all  we want to do is to lift that ban and let our seniors negotiate. That  is not in this bill we are considering from the Republican side. This  is something we can come together and work on.   We can get less expensive drugs in the form of generic drugs. Yet,  right now, we have a situation where major prescription drug companies  are paying generic companies to keep their products off the market. It  is called pay for delay. Senator Grassley and I have a bill to  eliminate that. We can bring in less expensive drugs from other  countries if, in fact, we have a situation where the prices have  ballooned, as they have for the top 10 selling drugs in America. Four  of them have gone up over 100 percent.   The exchanges are another area where we have agreement. Senator  Collins has been working on this. Senator Kaine and Senator Carper have  a bill on this, and Senator Shaheen is working on the cost-sharing  issue. We can work together to make insurance more affordable for  people who are in the exchange.   As to our small business rates, we must work on that.   I truly believe we can come together.   I will end with this. I got to be at that baseball game in the crowd  with the 25,000 people who were watching the two teams play each other.  Senator Donnelly of Indiana was on the field. At the end of the game,  after the Democratic team won, they didn't keep the trophy. They handed  the trophy to the Republican team and asked them to place that trophy  in Congressman Scalise's office.   We are not two teams. We are one team, and that is for our country,  for America. So let's work together on this bill.   Thank you very much, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Delaware.   