 Mr. Speaker, MIECHV Program is an  effective evidence-based program that I am proud to support because I  know it results in healthier families and stronger communities, but I  am shocked at the way Republicans are choosing to pay for it.   Instead of enacting commonsense tax changes that could easily raise  the needed revenue, Republicans have reached to the bottom of the  barrel to find vulnerable people to harm.   In order to come up with a way to pay for this important bipartisan  program, they are choosing to take Supplemental Security Income away  from vulnerable seniors, low-income individuals, or those with  disabilities; and they are doing it by maligning them as fugitives and  felons just because they have an outstanding warrant. But the truth is  a very different story.   The people who will be hurt by this bill are not hardened criminals.  They haven't even had their day in court yet. In fact, many may not  even know about the warrant because the police have decided that it is  not worth pursuing. That is because the warrants are for small issues  like writing a bad check or failing to appear for a hearing many years  ago.   Worse, these individuals are elderly, poor, or sick. They deserve  support and help, not to be treated as a piggybank. Actually,  piggybanks generally indicate savings. This is a policy equivalent of  reaching into a couch cushion for change. We are talking about  individuals who have a warrant from when they were a teenager or  somebody with a mental illness who may not even remember the incident  in question. This is cruel and unbecoming of this Congress.   I know because we have tried this before. The last time this penalty  was used, it meant catastrophe for very low-income people with  disabilities and for seniors. It hurt people like J.H., a Californian  with an intellectual disability and other mental impairments. J.H. had  his SSI benefits stopped because of an Ohio warrant issued when he was  12 years old and running away to escape an abusive stepfather. This 4- foot-7-inch-tall, 85-pound boy was charged with assault for kicking a  staff member at a detention center where he was being held until his  mother could pick him up. Many years later, he had no recollection of  the incident or the charges, but his SSI benefits were stopped  nonetheless.   Is that really how we want to pay for home visitations: Impoverishing  one person to help another?   That is why I worked to curb this bill's negative effects, by  offering amendments that would protect those with dementia or keep it  from increasing homelessness. Unfortunately, Republicans rejected both  my amendments on a party line basis, so now we are stuck with this  overly broad punitive bill that I cannot support.   