 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since coming to Washington, I have  observed something interesting about Republican politicians.  Republicans talk a big game about respecting women, but when it comes  time to vote on laws to help real, live, American women, a lot of  Republicans turn their backs.   Take Paul Ryan, Speaker of the House of Representatives. Just a few  months ago, Speaker Ryan was adamant that American women deserve  respect. ``Women,'' he said, ``are to be championed and revered.''   ``Championed and revered''--so what exactly does championing and  revering women mean to Speaker Ryan? Does it mean he will promote  policies that make us healthier, that he will help us access basic  medical services, that he thinks we can make our own decisions about  our bodies without government interference? No.   Over the past few months, Speaker Ryan has worked overtime on the  American Health Care Act--a bill that would make it harder for millions  of women to access healthcare. That miserable bill even included a  special provision singling out certain health clinics and stripping  them of the funding they use to provide women's health services.   Last week, Paul Ryan failed to get that bill out of the House, but  Republicans are back to take another shot at cutting women's access to  healthcare. This time the plan is to undermine the title X family  planning program. This plan, just like their healthcare bill, is  incredibly unpopular, even with Republicans who had to rush Vice  President Pence over from the White House this morning to cast a  deciding vote to start this debate on attacking women's healthcare.   Title X is a bipartisan program started back in 1970. It is the only  Federal grant program dedicated to providing Americans with high- quality, low-cost family planning services. Title X funded clinics  provide birth control, cancer screening, STI testing, and counseling.  Just so there is no confusion about this, title X dollars cannot be  used to fund abortion services--none.   In 2015 alone, title X clinics helped 2.9 million women access birth  control. They provided over 700,000 Pap smears, performed 1.1 million  HIV tests, and gave over 1 million breast exams. And Paul Ryan's way of  making sure that women are ``championed and revered'' is to try to  reduce their access to these lifesaving services.   Last December, the Department of Health and Human Services passed a  very simple rule to keep States from pulling political shenanigans to  shut down women's health centers. The rule prevents States from  blocking a healthcare provider from the program ``for reasons other  than its ability to provide Title X services.'' In other words, follow  the law. If a provider is doing a bad job at delivering family planning  services, by all means, kick them out of the program. But you don't get  to kick someone out because you don't like the name of their  organization or you don't like their politics or because of your  politics or because of any other dumb reason that has nothing to do  with their ability to deliver women's health services.   In February, House Republicans voted to overturn this rule. So Paul  Ryan's version of championing and revering women is to let States close  down women's health centers. Now Senate Republicans plan to do the same  thing. Sure, Republicans give a bunch of reasons, but American women  are not stupid. We know pretext when we see it. So let's just call it  like it is. Republicans want to weaken the title X program because they  want to make  [[Page S2128]]  it harder for women to access reproductive health clinics, like Planned  Parenthood, that also provide safe, legal abortion services.   Just so we are clear, there are over 3,900 title X funded health  centers. Only 10 percent of those health centers are affiliated with  Planned Parenthood. The vast majority of centers getting title X money  have nothing to do with Planned Parenthood, and the vast majority of  Planned Parenthood's activities have nothing to do with abortion. But  women should be able to choose a reproductive health provider without  the interference of Republican politicians, and millions of women  choose Planned Parenthood every year. The Congress representing those  women should stop demonizing Planned Parenthood and stand with Planned  Parenthood.   Yes, as it stands, title X makes sure that if women's healthcare  centers, including Planned Parenthood, offer first-rate care, then  their work will be reimbursed. The Senate should reject any efforts to  change that.   Women in this country work their tails off. They should be able to  choose their own healthcare providers. They don't need a ``champion''  to choose for them. They don't need to be ``revered'' into passive  silence. Women want the respect that they deserve and to be able to  access medical care without Republican politicians getting in the way.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   