 Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this continuing  resolution. Yet again we are punting one of our core obligations as  Members of Congress: funding government programs.   The Republican majority has failed to respond to the needs of the  American people. They put services and investments that are critical to  our families and our communities at risk: from apprenticeships to  education for students with disabilities, child care, afterschool  programs that help working families make ends meet, and financial aid  for students attending college.   We should be negotiating spending levels for 2018 for both defense  and nondefense spending. We should have spent the last 2 months  fulfilling our responsibility as legislators by writing bipartisan  bills to fund programs that help the middle class and the vulnerable,  support evidence-based scientific research, and help working people get  the skills that they need to find good jobs with good wages.   Instead, the Republican majority squandered the last 2 months focused  on their tax scam, rewarding big corporations, millionaires, and  billionaires who wrote the rules to make government work for them. Our  Republican colleagues were their comrades in arms in rigging the game  against the middle class.   I am horrified by the majority's decision to put the future of the  Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, in jeopardy: kids'  checkups, shots, prescriptions, dental and vision care, hospital care,  and the list goes on.   States are beginning to cut children off because of the majority's  delay--my own State of Connecticut. The hardworking families that  depend on CHIP deserve to know that it will be there for their children  for the long term.   How can the majority go on vacation while millions of children worry  about losing their health insurance?   This is a disgrace. This bill also cuts $750 million from the  Prevention and Public Health Fund, which supports programs such as  heart disease and stroke prevention, diabetes prevention, immunization  and vaccination programs.    Mr. Speaker, it was only yesterday that our Republican  colleagues voted to spend $1.5 trillion of taxpayers' money on tax cuts  for millionaires. Eighty-three percent of the tax cuts go to 1 percent  of the people in this Nation. Instead, they are cutting nearly $1  billion from public health programs that protect them and their family.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this continuing  resolution because it fails to meet the obligations that we are  entrusted with, the moral responsibility that we have to the American  people.   