 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Whitehouse speak after me, followed by Senator Cotton, if he is on the  floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to both of the  Congressional Review Act, or CRA, resolutions related to retirement  that we will be considering this week. These CRA resolutions before us  would kill Federal regulations that give cities and States the  opportunity to expand retirement options for individuals.   Our Nation faces a retirement crisis. In Hawaii, about 50 percent of  private sector workers have jobs that don't provide retirement  benefits.   According to a recent survey by AARP Hawaii, 56 percent of working  age people feel anxious about having enough money saved for retirement.  For generations, Americans relied on the ``three-legged stool'' of  retirement: Social Security, private savings, and a pension from their  employer. Those days are gone. More and more seniors are relying on  Social Security for a bigger share of their income in old age.   In Hawaii, the average monthly Social Security benefit is $1,408.  Given the cost of housing, medical insurance, and other necessities in  Hawaii, that is not nearly enough.   Seniors should be able to count on us to keep Social Security strong.  That is a bedrock position we should honor.   Given the retirement crisis, taking away tools that States and local  governments can use to help bolster retirement savings makes absolutely  no sense, yet this is what we are about to do if we pass these CRA  resolutions.   Last week, the Hawaii State Senate held a hearing on legislation that  would establish a Hawaii retirement savings working group. The proposed  legislation would bring together public and private stakeholders to  look at ways to improve retirement savings for workers. A number of  stakeholder groups, retirees, and other citizens testified on the bill.   Let me tell you one of their stories. His name is Donald. He is a 61- year-old gay man who has lost three husbands to HIV/AIDS. Donald has  worked for 35 years and even set aside money for retirement using  401(k)s--401(k)s that he cashed out to help cover medical costs for his  loved ones.   He said: ``I did what I had to do out of love and devotion,  especially when each of my guys' families took a step back in the face  of adversity.''   Donald now lives paycheck to paycheck in senior affordable housing.  He plans to work until he is at least 65.   Personal tragedy isn't the only reason it is difficult for him to  save. He wants to save, but he noted that ``I am trying to muster some  form of IRA through local financial institutions to no avail. No one  returns the calls.''   For too many working people, saving for retirement isn't automatic or  easy. It seems out of reach, but we can't let that stand.   The Obama administration recognized the retirement crisis in our  country and the need for new thinking to help people save. In fact,  that is the point of the regulations the Senate is poised to kill.  These regulations simply provide a framework that States and cities can  use to expand access to retirement savings.   There are no Big Government mandates or industry takeovers. States  and cities would simply have the opportunity to be creative and help  families save for retirement. The fact Republicans want to kill these  rules has a certain ``Alice in Wonderland'' quality to it, where up is  down and down is up.   For the last few weeks, Republicans touted how TrumpCare was giving  States more flexibility to provide healthcare, while the reality was  that for a State like Hawaii and many others, TrumpCare would have  saddled them not with more flexibility but more costs. At that point,  States' rights was one of the selling points for that disastrous  legislation.   This week Republicans have taken a U-turn. Now they are trying to  kill regulations that would actually give States more flexibility to  provide retirement security. Why we should take  [[Page S2066]]  away this tool from States is beyond me. Cynics would say Republicans  are doing this to help some private entities sell more retirement plans  to people. However, the reality is that millions of families are not  being served.   Killing these rules is the latest Republican attack on working  people. We should be fighting to give people like Donald more hope and  opportunity. Voting against these resolutions is a vote to help people  like Donald.   I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing what I can only  characterize as lousy anti-working people resolutions.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   