 Mr. Speaker, a ``yes'' vote exempts all broadband  service providers from all rules on user privacy and all limitations on  how they use your data. They are in a unique position to see every  place you go, every website you visit, they can do deep packet  inspection and see what is in your emails.   What protects your privacy?   This rule that is about to be repealed.   If you have problems with the privacy policies of your email provider  or social network, you have got competition to go to. But most  Americans have just one or, at most, just two choices for their  broadband provider. And, interestingly enough, all of those providers  are supporting the repeal of this privacy rule.   Why?   They are going to make money selling your information.   The idea that we could have an FTC solution is an interesting one,  but there is no way to do it. In the Ninth Circuit's 2016 ruling of  AT&T v. FTC, they ruled that the FTC is barred from imposing data  breach rules. So vote ``no'' and protect your constituents' privacy.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of  the House, and offer the resolution that was previously noticed.    I do, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, under clause 1 of rule IX, questions of the  privileges of the House are: ``those affecting the rights of the House  collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its  proceedings.''   The dignity and integrity of the House's proceedings have been  violated, and continue to be violated, because Congress has not had the  constitutionally afforded opportunity to consent to emoluments being  received by the President or to enforce, if consent is not given.   I would note that Congress has the authority to request the  President's taxes under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and  use of this authority would not be unprecedented, as it was used in  1974 to request President Nixon's tax returns that revealed that he  owed nearly half a million dollars in back taxes.   I would note that issues of the Constitution and the House's  prerogatives under the Constitution have a precedent in using rule IX  as a privileged resolution.   For example, if a revenue measure is initiated in the Senate instead  of in the House as required by the Constitution, that is a matter of a  privilege of the House. I would argue that the Emoluments Clause is at  least as important, possibly more important, than the origination of a  revenue measure in either the House or Senate.   I have been a member of the Judiciary Committee for 22 years. I am  well aware of how the Judiciary Committee operates and the need for  individual Members to do research before any official action is taken  in that committee. And since it is the Judiciary Committee, it has the  first responsibility for adhering to the Constitution among the  committees of the House. I think it is absolutely essential for the  President's tax returns to be released so that the members of the  Judiciary Committee can do their job to research whether the Emoluments  Clause has been violated and whether permission should be given to the  President to receive payments from foreign states.   I would note that there is no question that the Emoluments Clause of  the Constitution was placed there to prevent corruption in the system.  It was based on a sad experience during the Articles of Confederation.  It is necessary to make sure that the President and all other officers  of the United States have loyalty to only one thing, and that is to the  United States of America, not to any foreign power.   In order to do that, we need to review the data. As I say, the  dignity and integrity of the House requires that the Constitution be  upheld, and in order to uphold the Constitution, we must have this  information.   For these reasons, the resolution raises a question of the privileges  of the House and should be permitted, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal that ruling.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   