 Mr. Chair, I would like to state  my strong objection to the Energy and Water Development Appropriations  portion of H.R. 3219. It would completely eliminate ARPA-E, an agency  that has already demonstrated incredible success in advancing high- risk, high-reward energy technology solutions that neither the public  nor the private sector had been willing or able to support in the past.  This accomplishment was highlighted in a Congressionally mandated  National Academies review of the agency released just last month. I  would also note that ARPA-E recently announced that a group of 74  project teams has attracted over $1.8 billion in private sector follow- on funding since the agency's founding in 2009. In addition, the agency  announced that 56 projects have formed new companies and 68 projects  have partnered with other government agencies for further development.  Bipartisan industry leaders like Norm Augustine and Bill Gates have  repeatedly called for tripling this agency's budget given the unique  role that it is now playing in our energy innovation pipeline. And I'd  be remiss if I didn't refer my colleagues to DOE Secretary Perry's  March 8th tweet, issued just 8 days before the Trump Administration  proposed to eliminate the agency, which states, and I quote,  ``Innovators like the ones supported by our ARPA-E program are key to  advancing America's energy economy.'' I couldn't have said it better  myself.   In addition, this bill would eliminate DOE's innovation technology  loan guarantee program. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology  held a hearing on this programs a few months ago, and we learned that  its record of accomplishment more than justifies our continued support.  The DOE Loan Programs Office has been instrumental in launching the  utility-scale PV industry, Tesla Motors, and the construction of our  first new nuclear reactors in 30 years. In addition, it is now  supporting the commercialization of new carbon capture and reuse  technologies. Overall the Loan Office's losses are only about 2 percent  of its entire portfolio--a rate that is lower than many venture  capitalists achieve. And even after accounting for those losses, the  interest payments from these loans and loan guarantees have returned  over $1 billion to the Treasury. If we're aiming to create jobs and  reduce the deficit, this is exactly the type of program we should be  supporting.   Finally, this bill makes substantial cuts to many of the Department's  other critical energy technology offices for the grid, fossil energy,  and nuclear energy, as well as a massive 47 percent cut to the Office  of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. Our national infrastructure  for clean energy research would be irreparably harmed if these cuts  were actually implemented.   Now, I am not going to tell you that every program the Department  currently implements is perfect, that reforms should never be  considered, or that reasonable people can't simply disagree on the best  way to allocate its resources even after a careful, rigorous review.  One of my largest concerns now, especially given the incredibly severe  damage that this bill would impose on our entire energy research  enterprise, is that such a thoughtful review never actually took place.   In closing, I hope that we can all take a step back and more  carefully consider the direction we want to move the Department in. I  look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  and in the Senate to restore federal support for these vital programs.   