 Mr. President, just yesterday, the Republican-controlled  Congress passed a massive tax giveaway that will shovel truckloads of  money into pockets of giant corporations and the superrich, while it  leaves working families behind. And that is just the latest in a  laundry list of presents that have been doled out to folks at the top.  For everyone else, it has been one broken promise after another.   One of those promises was to protect 800,000 Dreamers who were  brought to the United States as kids. Trump broke this promise when he  ended DACA, the program that allows Dreamers to live, work, and study  in the United States without fear of being deported to countries they  barely know. Because Trump broke his promise, it is up to Congress to  stand up and protect Dreamers by passing a clean Dream Act--a bill that  gives legal status and a path of citizenship to those young people.   I want to introduce you to one of those Dreamers--Elias Rosenfeld.  Elias was 6 years old when his parents brought him and his sister to  the United States. He doesn't have many memories of his life in  Venezuela, but he did hear stories from his parents and his grandfather  about the everyday risks that they faced. One day, while his mother was  driving, she pulled up to a stop light, and a man pulled a gun on her.  Another day, his grandfather withdrew money from an ATM and then was  robbed at gunpoint.   So when Elias's mother, who was an executive at a multimedia company,  had an opportunity to transfer to an office in Miami, FL, she jumped at  it. Elias's family came to the United States legally. They applied for  and they received a visa that allows executives and managers from other  countries to work in the United States and eventually apply for  permanent resident status. Under that visa, the entire family would  become permanent residents and would never have to worry about losing  their status in the United States. ``Permanent'' is the key word here.  Well, at least that had been their plan, only things didn't go the way  they had been planned.   When Elias was 11, his mother died of cancer. He didn't know it at  the time, but the day his mother died, Elias and his family lost their  path to permanent resident status and became undocumented.   After his mother died, Elias clung to the belief that an education  was his ticket to a better life. He challenged himself academically,  taking 13 advanced placement courses and earning A's in almost every  class. He also juggled a number of extracurricular activities,  including speech and debate, student government, volunteering with  children and the homeless, and starting his school's first traveling  Model United Nations. His excellence earned him a place on the dean's  list, as well as a long list of awards, including the Miami-Dade  Homeless Trust Change Maker Award.   Elias so impressed the school's staff that his high school activities  director called Elias a hero and said: ``I've been teaching for 20  years and I have never seen a student like this young man.''  Scholarship committees also recognized Elias's accomplishments, and he  won a coveted Myra Kraft Transitional Year Program scholarship, which  provided him a full ride to Brandeis University in Waltham, MA. He is  now a sophomore at Brandeis, where he continues to make his mark.   Before DACA came along, Elias lived in constant fear that ICE would  break down his door and deport him and his sister. DACA changed his  life. The fear subsided. He knew that ICE agents wouldn't break down  his door or seize him on his way to school. Elias told me that DACA has  been a source of optimism and a light of protection.   America is the only country Elias knows. It is the only country many  Dreamers know. This is their home. Dreamers like Elias have had the  courage to step forward. They have come out of the shadows to tell  their stories. Now Congress could show some courage and protect  Dreamers by passing a clean Dream Act. We have waited too long already.  Every day that we delay, more than 100 Dreamers lose protected status.  They must return to the shadows. They must think about ICE agents  breaking down their doors or seizing them if they go to school or to  work. The time for Congress to act is now, right now, today. We should  not leave here so that we can celebrate the holidays with our families  while nearly 800,000 Dreamers fear being ripped apart from their  brothers, their sisters, their mothers, their fathers, and deported to  countries they barely know.   If we held a vote today on the Dream Act, it would pass. So my  question to Senator McConnell is this: What are you waiting for? Let us  vote.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   