 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today we are closing in on a critical  decision that will have a lasting impact on the innovation-driven  economy of the United States. The Chairman of the FCC has decided to  repeal a critical consumer protection known as net neutrality. This is  a wrongheaded move. It is misguided. It is being driven by big cable  interests that want to continue to gouge consumers and charge them  more, making sure that consumers either pay or have their internet  lines slowed down.   This decision turns the success of what has been an essential 21st- century innovation over to those in big corporations, instead of making  sure that Main Street innovators continue to do what they do best. I  don't think the American people want cable companies to be the  gatekeeper on the internet. They want to have the FCC continue to play  a role in making sure that an open internet is there for all, so that  small businesses, entrepreneurs, and innovators can continue to build  on the success of communicating with their consumers and their business  partners without having artificially slowed-down lines.   Who would this impact if the FCC moves forward?   You could say that seniors would be impacted with regard to receiving  their telehealth medicine and that students would be impacted in the  slowing down of their education. Families who access educational tools  for their children could also see charges, and the open highway that  has been so important in making sure that new internet businesses are  started could be impacted.   The No. 1 reason we have to fight this decision--making sure that we  do everything we can to stop the FCC from implementing this rule and  giving consumers the protection of net neutrality--is that it will harm  our internet economy. Last summer we had a townhall meeting about this,  where I heard from many of my constituents. I then sent in many  business cases to Chairman Pai so that he would understand why this  impacts us so much.   Let's make sure that we understand what is happening. The FCC had  rules that had prevented companies from throttling, or blocking, and it  had paved the way for many great successes. In the United States, we  have Fortune 500 companies and a tech industry that is responsible for  7 percent of our Nation's GDP and 6.9 million jobs in the United States  of America.   Why would you change the rules now? Why would you leave after having  made sure critical protections were in place and, instead, replace them  with the ability for certain companies--cable, specifically--to wreak  havoc on this economy?   Thirteen percent of Washington State's economy depends on a healthy  internet sector. The internet economy for our State supports 250,000  jobs, and at a time when the Nation has not had enough wage growth,  these tech jobs have been a bedrock for the middle class.   Chairman Pai is clearly not focused on the 250,000 jobs and the 13  percent of our State's economy. Just this past weekend, I and my  colleague, Congresswoman DelBene, met with many of these small  businesses. Their message was loud and clear: Please stop Chairman Pai  from ruining the internet by taking away key protections that make sure  our businesses run successfully.   Chairman Pai is abdicating his role. He is abandoning the consumers  whom he has sworn an oath to serve, and he is turning his back on  innovators. He has really changed the direction for us and our  innovation economy. I know that he thinks this is a light touch, but I  guarantee you that it is a ``no touch'' regulation. What we need is to  make sure that these companies do not artificially charge consumers,  small businesses, and Main Street more for what they already are doing  now and doing successfully. Obviously, an open internet rule and the  rules that we are living under now have fueled an innovation economy.  Every business plan of every startup relies on the company's ability to  be able to contact its consumers.   With this much of our economy at stake, let's not continue to make  mistakes. Let's continue to fight here in the Senate and make sure that  we stop Chairman Pai and the FCC from having the resources to implement  this rule. It is so important now that we continue to fight for small  businesses, for Main Street entrepreneurs, and for the innovation  economy.   We deserve to have an open internet. As the small businesses and  innovators just said to me this past weekend in Seattle, this is really  like siding with the big companies and saying that they are going to  make all of the decisions, that they are the ones that are going to be  in control. They are not going to be for competition, and they are not  going to be for this level of innovation. They are going to slow down  what is one of the best parts of our economy.   I hope that our colleagues will join the fight and stop the FCC, in  any manner possible, from implementing what is, literally, a very, very  anticompetitive strategy and one that is very, very focused on big  corporations, instead of the innovation economy of the future.   I yield the floor.   