 Mr. President, for 8 years Republicans have complained  about health care in America. They have blamed everything in the world  on President Obama. They have hung out on the sidelines, name-calling,  making doomsday predictions, and cheering every stumble that they could  blame on someone else. They spent a lot of energy rooting against  families who needed help paying for health insurance or who wanted  coverage but were frozen out because of preexisting conditions. They  jeered and carried on. But what they didn't do--ever--was lift a finger  to try to improve health care  [[Page S145]]  in America. But they are in charge now. They get to call the shots.   So what is the first thing on the Republican agenda now that they are  in control? Is it working to help improve health care in America,  working to bring down premiums and deductibles, making fixes to expand  the network of doctors and the number of plans that people can choose  from--any of those? No, the very first thing on the Republican agenda  in the 115th Congress is to shatter health care in America. The first  thing is to rip health insurance out of the hands of millions of  Americans who need it. The first thing is to massively raise the cost  of health insurance for everyone who has it. The first thing is to  create chaos for hospitals, clinics, and insurance companies, and send  their costs spiraling out of control. The first thing is to abandon the  people they were elected to represent. The first thing is to repeal and  run away.   Republicans have been rushing around Capitol Hill for the past couple  of weeks, huddling in meetings and trying to come up with a plan to  replace the Affordable Care Act. They are shocked--shocked--to discover  that guaranteeing Americans access to health care is a complex  business, and they don't have any good ideas.   Now, after 8 years of complaining, they are trying to convince each  other that it will all be OK if they just repeal health care access,  with nothing to replace it. They are trying to reassure each other that  they know what they are doing.   Get real. They don't have a clue what to do next. For 8 years they  have had no plan, and they don't have a plan now.   Let's be very clear about what is going on here. Republicans want to  tear apart our Nation's health care system--a health care system that  protects kids with cancer, protects women getting mammograms, protects  independent contractors, protects new moms, protects college kids,  protects grandparents, protects disease survivors, and protects so many  of America's families. They want to tear it apart, and they don't have  the first clue what to do with it afterwards. Repeal and run, that's  the Republican plan.   In Massachusetts, we know how important health reform is because we  have been working on it now for years--long before the Affordable Care  Act was even a spark on the horizon in Washington.   My Republican colleagues could learn a lot from our work in  Massachusetts. In Massachusetts, the belief that everyone should have  access to affordable health insurance coverage is a shared value that  Democrats, Republicans, business leaders, hospitals, insurers, doctors,  consumers, and advocates have all worked to implement over the past  decade. It is not just the lip service we are hearing right now here in  Washington. It is real commitment, and, because of it, in Massachusetts  we got real results.   Just because we are all behind this effort together in Massachusetts  doesn't mean that health care reform has been a cake walk. Finding ways  to cover more people and bring down costs, all while improving the  quality of care, is a tough job. You have to be in it for the long  haul. That is why, in Massachusetts, we didn't just pass one health  care law in 2006 and then just run away. We came back a couple of years  later with additional legislation to make fixes and adjustments. We  formed commissions to study how things were working and to make  recommendations for more changes. We passed amendments. We revised our  regulations where they needed to be changed to support implementation.  We worked to make coverage more affordable. We set standards to make  sure insurance is a good value. We invested in prevention programs to  keep people healthy in the first place. We got more coverage for more  people, and we lowered health care costs.   We kept working month after month, year after year because we knew  what it meant for a family to have the peace of mind that comes with  affordable, high-quality health insurance coverage. We kept working  because we knew it was the right thing to do. We kept working because  we knew that is what Massachusetts residents expected us to do. Once we  started something, we had to see it through. When it got tough, we  worked harder. We didn't repeal and run.   When the Affordable Care Act was signed into law in 2010,  Massachusetts went all in. We expanded our Medicaid program. We used  Federal funds to cover people who still lacked insurance even after our  State reforms. We set up a State health insurance exchange, the Health  Connector, and we combined Federal and State dollars to make sure that  insurance was truly affordable.   Just 2 months ago, we signed an ambitious new Medicaid agreement with  the Federal Government that will allow us to set up innovative  partnerships among health providers, insurers, and community  organizations so we can better serve Medicaid patients in our State.   We have a great deal to be proud of in Massachusetts. More than 97  percent of our citizens are insured. People have coverage. They have  good coverage--coverage they can afford. This wasn't something we got  done overnight, but it is something we worked at, and it is something  we can achieve in every State if we are willing to do the work.   Democrats and nonpartisan government officials have worked for years  here in Washington to try to make this health system work, and we have  made real progress. Now Republicans in Congress are ready to throw away  these years and years of progress. They are ready to threaten the  collapse of our insurance markets. They are ready to threaten the  health and the safety of millions of Americans simply to make a  political point. They are ready to repeal and run.   In Massachusetts, right now, families are watching this debate, and  they are worried about what happens to them. Kids with diabetes and  moms with cancer are worried. Hospitals and insurers are watching, too,  and they are worried--worried about an irresponsible Republican Party  that is more interested in political stunts than in helping Americans  get access to health care.   I don't blame them for being worried because this isn't a game. There  is no magic replacement plan that will suddenly make everything all  better. In Massachusetts, we can't just snap back to our old health  insurance system if Republicans decide to rip up the Affordable Care  Act. Other States across the country are also facing the terrifying  prospect that they will be left high and dry as a result of the  Republicans' reckless actions.   Every Senator here has ideas about how to improve health care in  America, but no Democratic Senator will vote to destroy it today based  on the vague assurance that maybe at some point Republicans might think  up some kind of replacement plan later on. The Republicans' strategy is  repeal and run. Repeal and run. That is not governing. That is not  leadership. It is one of the most reckless and irresponsible things  that has ever been proposed in this Congress. I know some Republican  Senators agree with that. I know they are worried about whether this is  the right move forward, given all that hangs in the balance. I hope  their consciences get the better of them and they scuttle this plan  before it is too late. I hope they remember that every single Senator  who votes to destroy health care in America will be responsible for the  disastrous consequences that come next.   If Republicans actually want to improve health care in America, let's  talk about how to do that. That is what we were sent here to do. That  is what voters--conservative and liberal, Republican and Democratic-- expect us to do. If Republicans want to destroy health care in America,  I will fight them every step of the way. The stakes are too high for  the millions of Americans whose futures are about to be sacrificed so  one party can make a political point.   Let's stay and do the work that needs to be done to make sure every  American gets access to high-quality, affordable health care. Repeal  and run is for cowards.   Mr. President, I yield.   