 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank  Congressman Raskin for organizing this time, for helping to keep this  Congress focused on this extraordinary chain of events that is taking  place in our country, and for drawing attention to what should be a  credible investigation about the ties between this President and  Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin.   Why is this President so focused on complimenting Putin?   Why has he wrapped his arms around him?   Why has he said he is a great President?   Why does he refuse to even talk about the fact that Putin has invaded  Crimea?   Why does he refuse to understand what is being said when Putin is  charged to be a killer and all of the deaths that are taking place from  opponents of his, from people who criticize him?   Well, I think the more we learn about the connections that this  President and his allies have, the more these questions are going to  become very serious, and it is going to lead us to have to make some  big decisions about whether or not this President is fit to lead the  United States of America.   I have been deeply concerned about these issues for months. President  Trump, throughout his campaign and since his election, has chosen to  surround himself with people who have close ties with Russia.   When our intelligence agencies announced their conclusion that Russia  interfered in our elections, I called for an investigation focusing on  the possibility of collusion between Trump's ``Kremlin Klan,'' that I  have dubbed them, and the Russian Government. I introduced H. Con. Res.  15, urging Congress to investigate the possibility of collusion between  Russia and the Trump campaign. Investigations should focus on the  Kremlin Klan.   Let's talk about some of those allies and folks who are aligned with  Trump and with Russia:   Michael Flynn, who was fired from the NSC after lying about  discussing sanctions with Russian Ambassador Kislyak.   Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, was a paid lobbyist  for Viktor Yanukovych, the pro-Russian politician in Ukraine who fled  to Russia in 2014. AP reports Manafort signed a $10 million contract in  2006, with Russian billionaire and Putin ally Oleg Deripaska, to  advance Putin's interest in the United States. The New York Times also  reports Manafort tried to hide $750,000 in payments from a pro-Russian  party in Ukraine.   Carter Page, a former Trump campaign adviser, is a consultant to and  investor in the Kremlin state-run gas company, Gazprom, and has a  direct financial interest in ending American sanctions against the  company. He recently revealed that he met with Russian Ambassador  Sergey Kislyak, during the 2016 RNC.   And then there is Roger Stone, who has worked in Ukraine. Stone  announced, in a speech last summer, that he had spoken to WikiLeaks  founder Julian Assange. Stone also disclosed to the press that he had  been exchanging messages with Guccifer 2.0, the Russian hacker that  hacked the DNC last summer.   And then-Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross was a business partner of  Viktor Vekselberg, a Russian oligarch and Putin ally, in a major  financial project involving the Bank of Cyprus.   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signed a multibillion-dollar  agreement with Russia in 2011, on behalf of Exxon, for an oil drilling  project in the Arctic and is focused on lifting the sanctions.   The New York Times reported that, prior to his resignation, Mike  Flynn was delivered a proposal outlining a way for President Trump to  lift the Russian sanctions and broker a deal between Russia and Ukraine  that also included the public smearing of Ukraine's current President  Poroshenko. The deal is being pushed by his opposition in Ukraine.  Although Mike Flynn is gone, the proposal remains, along with those  pushing it.   Then there is Michael Cohen, the President's personal lawyer, who was  involved in developing the document, and who delivered the document.   Then there is Felix H. Sater, a business associate and a former  criminal who served time, who reportedly had ties with the Mafia, who  helped Mr. Trump scout deals in Russia.   And then there is Andriy Artemenko, a Ukrainian lawmaker trying to  rise in a political opposition movement, shaped in part by Mr. Trump's  former campaign manager, Paul Manafort.   And of course, there is our Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who was  forced to recuse himself from investigations related to the 2016  Presidential campaign, after it was revealed that he met with Russian  Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on two separate occasions during the campaign  cycle, information which he failed to disclose during his confirmation  hearings. Kislyak is the same Ambassador with whom Mike Flynn discussed  U.S. sanctions, and, by the way, he lied about it.    It has now been revealed that Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak met  with the following Trump associates: Carter Page, Jeff Sessions, Mike  Flynn, and Jared Kushner, in December 2016, in Trump Tower, during the  transition. None of these meetings were made public and were only  discovered after the press released reports.   Before the press reporting on the meetings above, the Trump  administration had repeatedly denied its campaign had contact and  communication with Russian officials. The press has noted that the  meetings are not unusual but that public concern is heightened because  they have all lied about or failed to disclose the meetings.   Deutsche Bank was ordered to pay more than $600 million in fines,  including a $425 million fine to New York's Department of Financial  Services and a $204 million fine to the U.K.'s Financial Conduct  Authority for failing to have adequate money laundering controls in  place to prevent a group of corrupt traders from improperly and  secretly transferring more than $10 billion out of Russia. Press  reports indicate that the Department of Justice is investigating this  matter. Deutsche Bank is Trump's largest lender, lending his companies  an estimated $360 million.   As to oil and gas, President Trump signed last month a bill striking  section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act which required  Big Oil companies to disclose the money they pay to foreign governments  to drill on their lands. Striking section 1504 will allow Big Oil  companies like ExxonMobil to conduct secretive dealings with corrupt  parties, such as Vladimir Putin and Russia.   The White House attempted to enlist the FBI, the CIA Director Pompeo,  and top Republicans on the House and Senate intel committees to help  push back against The New York Times reporting on Trump's ties to  Russia.   There is Devin Nunes--I don't need to talk about him. He issued a  joint statement with Adam Schiff, a joint statement in January  announcing that the scope of their investigation would include links  between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns.   FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20, during testimony  before the House Intelligence Committee, that the FBI is investigating  whether members of President Trump's campaign colluded with Russia to  influence the 2016 election.   Devin Nunes announced to the press that members of Trump's transition  team were under incidental surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies  [[Page H2552]]  after the election and briefed President Trump on March 22. However, he  did not brief Adam Schiff or other House Intelligence Committee  members, and he never revealed his source. Devin Nunes has clearly  compromised the investigation and can no longer be trusted to lead it.   In conclusion, Congress must create a comprehensive, independent,  bipartisan commission to expose the full truth of Trump's ties to  Russia. I believe that, once we have fully investigated Trump's Kremlin  Klan, we will find that there was collusion between President Trump and  Russia to violate the integrity of our elections.   At that point, the Republicans in Congress will have no choice but to  put country ahead of party. I say impeach Donald Trump.   I thank you so much, as we witness what attempts to be a coverup now  about all of this.   