 Madam Speaker, I am so pleased to be here today to  celebrate the 100th anniversary of women serving in Congress.   I thank the Speaker for allowing this legislation to come to the  floor. And I thank my good friend and former colleague, Secretary  Zinke, for authoring this legislation with me. His support has been  instrumental in ensuring the consideration of this bill, and I am  deeply grateful to him.   One hundred years ago, Jeannette Rankin was sworn in as a Member of  the United States House of Representatives. She was the first woman  elected to Congress, and was elected before passage of the 19th  amendment which granted women the right to vote.   Jeannette Rankin was a trailblazer her entire life. In 1902, she  graduated from the University of Montana with a degree in biology.  Afterward, she became active in the women's suffrage movement, moving  to New York City and assisting in the founding of the New York Women's  Suffrage Party and working for the National American Woman Suffrage  Association.   Rankin would eventually return to her home State of Montana, and was  elected to office in the congressional election of 1916. Upon winning,  she declared: ``I may be the first woman Member of Congress, but I  won't be the last.''   I am happy to say that she was right.   In recognition of Congresswoman Jeannette Rankin's many  accomplishments, and in celebration of the centennial anniversary of  her service in Congress, Secretary Zinke and I introduced the 100 Years  of Women in Congress Act.   Because Jeannette Rankin was a woman of science more than 100 years  before our current push to have more women enter STEM fields, we felt  it appropriate to rename the Department of Agriculture's Women and  Minorities in STEM Fields Program after her.   This program currently supports collaborative research projects at  institutions of higher education, and seeks to increase the  participation of women and minorities from rural areas in STEM fields.  It will continue to do so in the future, but now it will also recognize  the many contributions Jeannette Rankin made to American life.   Madam Speaker, thank you again for allowing this legislation to the  floor today, and thank you again to Secretary Zinke for partnering with  me on it.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure.   