 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania  for being here. We have been out here many a night, talking about the  importance of Medicaid. I so appreciate his leadership in the Senate on  this very important issue. He has been a champion of the Children's  Health Insurance Program and has been a voice amongst all Senators in  making sure that people have access to healthcare. I so appreciate  being out here with him tonight.   I don't really appreciate being here right at this moment. I am  really flabbergasted. Why are we here at this moment? Why are we here?  I am pretty sure that President Trump, when he was candidate Trump, put  in a tweet that he would not cut Medicaid. Yet that is the proposal we  are talking about.   No matter what the proposal is--repeal, the House bill, the proposal  scored by CBO or some Senate alternative on junk insurance--they all  are a cut to Medicaid, so I am not sure how we are here. I am not sure  how we are here when the Vice President at the time campaigned, I am  sure, against the Affordable Care Act and then became Governor of  Indiana and implemented Medicaid expansion in his own State. After  saying that he was against the Affordable Care Act, he implemented  Medicaid expansion. I am sure people in his home State said: If you  want to take care of people, if you want to raise our standard of  living, if you want to keep down the costs of healthcare delivery and  private insurance, put people on coverage so that they aren't driving  up the cost of uncompensated care.   So how are we here? How are we here when our House colleagues came up  with a proposal that basically cuts 23 million people off of  healthcare--including 15 million people on Medicaid--after working with  the President, who said that he didn't want to cut Medicaid, and the  Vice President, who basically campaigned against it and then went ahead  and expanded it?   I can't believe how many times I have been on the Senate floor, and I  haven't seen one of my colleagues come down here and talk about  solutions that they are proposing. I just hear them come and talk about  the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and kicking millions of people  off of the healthcare they currently have.   Tonight, I can imagine there are many people across the United States  of America who are like me, thinking, how could this be happening? How  could we be sitting here tonight, not knowing what the Senate is going  to vote on, not knowing whether they are going to repeal their health  insurance, not knowing where their Senators stand or even if the  Senator knows what proposal they are voting on? Yet I can tell you  this: More than 70 percent of the American people think the ideas that  have now been put forth by the House and the Senate Republicans and the  President do not work. They are not the way to increase access to  healthcare and drive down the cost of private insurance in the  insurance market.   You don't have to take my word for it. I am looking at a statement by  Ohio's Republican Governor, John Kasich. I worked with John Kasich in  the House of Representatives. He was a budget hawk. He wanted to figure  out how to make things work. So I trust that, as Governor, he is a  fiscal steward about how to get things done when he says: ``Until  Congress can step back from political gamesmanship and come together  with a workable, bipartisan plan, it is a mistake for the Senate to  proceed with a vote on Tuesday and force a one-sided deal that the  American people are clearly against.''   So why are we here? Why are we here when a President promised that he  wasn't going to cut Medicaid, a Vice President said that he was against  the bill but then went and did Medicaid expansion? The people in the  United States responded very clearly that they are not interested in  cutting millions of people off of health insurance because they know  that, even if it doesn't affect their family, it doesn't make common  sense for keeping down the costs of healthcare.   So I ask my colleagues to stop and think about the people in the  United States of America who are clearly scared to death about what is  going to happen tomorrow. They are scared that someone in their family  or that they, the provider for their family, are not going to be able  to provide insurance.   If you are so brave, come down here and volunteer, as an amendment,  to cut all of us--cut the Senate off of our access to health insurance  until we come up with some idea that you think is so terrific. I doubt  you will come and propose that. You wouldn't want your family cut off  of healthcare.   I meet people like Emily Talbot, who came to visit me from Seattle  Children's Hospital, who at age 6 was diagnosed with a condition that  affected her brain tissues and spinal canal. She was from Idaho, and  she was referred to Seattle Children's because it is the pediatric  referral center for our region. Thanks to Medicaid, she saw 11  different pediatric subspecialists and had 13 brain surgeries and 7  back surgeries. Her mom told me that without Medicaid and without the  prohibition on lifetime caps, she wouldn't have access to healthcare  today.   Is that what my Republican colleagues want to say tomorrow, that ``we  don't really know for sure how we are going to do this, we don't really  know what works, but even though we said we weren't going to cut  Medicaid, we are going to cut people off of health insurance who  currently have coverage?''   I think the reason why people like these Governors from Republican  States have been willing to speak out against this proposal and raise  their concerns is because they have to be a steward of Medicaid, and  they have to be fiscally responsible. So they know there are better  ways.   When I talk to the regional hospitals in my State, they tell me that  covering more people under Medicaid has created downward pressure on  price in the individual market. It has helped us.   So our solution cannot be decimating the Medicaid market. Our  solution has to look at those in the individual market who don't have  as much clout as a big employer or somebody who can buy in bulk and  drive down their price. There are ways to address that issue.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on those solutions, but  that is not what is being recommended tomorrow. Those solutions haven't  been put forth, nor are they part of any of these proposals. So I ask  my colleagues to not proceed.   The President promised he was not going to cut Medicaid, and now it  is like you want somebody to jump off the cliff tomorrow, and you are  saying: Oh, by the way, I will throw you a parachute on the way down.  It doesn't work.   As my colleagues have said here tonight, it is time to give certainty  to this population that we have a proposal that will help continue to  give them access to care. I would say to my colleagues that taking a  vote on politics when it is the lives and the healthcare access that so  many millions of Americans seek--don't play politics with healthcare.  Let's get a solution that works and works on both sides of the aisle.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   