 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 2847, the bill offered by my friend  [[Page H4954]]  and colleague, Karen Bass, a tireless leader on foster youth and child  welfare.   I recently hosted an amazing young woman named Ruth during Foster  Youth Shadow Day here on the Hill. The message Ruth wanted lawmakers to  hear is that the obstacles she faces every day as a 19-year-old have  not suddenly stopped now that she has aged out of foster care. Ruth has  a resilient spirit and unstoppable determination, but she should not be  left out in the cold as she pursues her education and her goal of  helping other foster youth in the future.    The Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act will help  people like Ruth by making vital changes to the Chafee Foster Care  Independence Program, an important source of funding for foster youth.   Currently, foster youth are only eligible for Chafee services if they  are between the ages of 16 and 21. This bill expands access to the  services provided by the program to include youth between the ages of  14 and 23. This is such a crucial change to the program since foster  youth like Ruth face so many daunting challenges during the period of  young adulthood as they transition toward independence and self- sufficiency.   Providing essential services such as access to older mentors and role  models, connections to employment opportunities, and education vouchers  for foster youth after they reach the age of 18 are key sources of  support for foster youth. This bill helps ensure that foster youth have  the resources needed to become healthy, thriving adults.   Thanks again to Representative Bass for her work on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my  colleagues to support H.R. 2857, the Supporting Families in Substance  Abuse Treatment Act. I am pleased to cosponsor this bipartisan bill  with Congresswoman Kristi Noem. This important legislation would  encourage States to prioritize keeping families together when a parent  is receiving substance abuse treatment.   Under current law, States cannot receive Federal reimbursement if  they choose to place both a parent and child in a family substance  abuse treatment program. However, if that child is separated from their  parent and placed with a foster family, the State can receive a match  in Federal funding of 50 percent or more. This discrepancy effectively  creates an incentive to separate children from their parents when one  is receiving substance abuse treatment.   However, studies have shown that keeping children in the care of  their parents while they seek treatment can increase family bonding,  child attachment, and family functioning, all while minimizing the  trauma of separation for children.   Today, solutions to parental drug abuse that prioritize the family  are increasingly necessary as the opioid epidemic continues to place  unprecedented strains on our communities. According to one estimate,  drug overdoses may now be the leading cause of death among Americans  under the age of 50. And as more parents require substance abuse  treatment, more children are placed into foster care. In fact, studies  found that between one-third and two-thirds of children enter foster  care at least partly because of parental substance abuse.  [[Page H4970]]    Now, we know that foster care does wonders for many children every  day, but it may not be the best match for every child, and the decision  should not come down to cost.   In my district of Los Angeles, for instance, we have a program called  the Exodus program, where formerly homeless families live in an on-site  apartment complex and receive comprehensive services, including  substance abuse treatment, counseling, child development, and family  reunification services. Over the last 7 years, more than 80 percent of  enrolled families have completed the program, and 95 percent have been  able to keep their families together.   Even though we know that parent-child substance abuse models like  Exodus have shown promising results, current law does not financially  incentivize States to utilize these programs where they are available.   The Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act would  address this problem by ensuring that if parents and children are  placed in these programs and stay together, the State can receive the  full Federal match for the child's living costs. States would retain  full authority to decide which placement is best, but that  consideration will now be based on what is best for the child, not what  is most affordable for the State.   States should be given the option to use family-based treatment  options without risking the loss of Federal foster care reimbursement.  I urge my colleagues to consider our Nation's families and how this  legislation may impact those with heads of household who are struggling  with addiction. We can heal them without creating new trauma or pain  for their children.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2857.   