 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts  for yielding.   We are in a critical and urgent time. People's lives are on the line.   On September 5, the President suddenly and cruelly terminated the  DACA program. Since that date, 13,000 DACA recipients have lost their  status and their protections, and every day that Congress delays a  vote, another average of 122 lose their status.    That is why this is urgent, that is why this is important, that is  why we need to act now.   Congress should not wait any longer to act. It cannot turn its back  on these youths, on these immigrants who are leading productive,  positive lives, who are giving back to our communities and contributing  immensely to the economy.   Congress has an opportunity today to show the world our values, that  we are going to protect DREAMers, that we are going to stand with these  young men and women who enrich our country, who only know the United  States as their home. The nearly 800,000 DREAMers are our doctors, our  nurses, our teachers, our neighbors, and they serve in our military and  are protecting us here at home.   But because Congress has not acted and because this Chamber has  failed to act on the DACA issue, DREAMers are living in fear and  uncertainty of their future. They are afraid to go to school. They are  afraid of losing their loved ones at a moment's notice. They are  anxious about whether they will be able to continue to earn their  paychecks and earn a living.   DREAMers are feeling the pain now. They are experiencing the anxiety  now. They are being detained now. These are real people.   Now, I understand their fear and their uncertainty, because, for many  of us, this hits real close to home. I have 8,000 DREAMers who live in  my district. I also have a family member who is a DREAMer. Many are  afraid of being deported to a place where they will be strangers, to a  country they haven't lived in since they were children.   Mr. Speaker, this is the 16th time since DACA's termination that  Democrats are challenging Republicans to take real urgent action to  protect DREAMers by bringing the bipartisan Dream Act to a vote on this  floor.   We must stand up for DREAMers. It is the right thing to do. It is  what Americans want us to do. They want Congress to protect DREAMers  from deportation by an overwhelming majority. It is the moral thing to  do.   Again, this is a bipartisan issue. I have talked to many of my  colleagues across the aisle who want to see a vote on this. I believe  we will pass it overwhelmingly if we could just get this vote.   This is a moment of truth for our Nation. I ask my colleagues to vote  against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the  Dream Act to the floor and provide relief for the nearly 800,000  DREAMers in time for the holiday season.   