 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for her  words and Senator Murray for organizing this group of speakers.   I rise today to join my colleagues in making clear that TrumpCare  would be a disaster for women in New Hampshire and across the Nation.   Right now Senate Republicans continue to meet behind closed doors on  their TrumpCare bill, and the reason they have not been transparent is  because they know they can't defend this dangerous bill to their  constituents. Throughout the process in the Senate, it has been a group  of 13 men--no women--writing a bill that will impact the healthcare of  millions of American women. It is not just that a small group has been  writing the bill behind closed doors. It is also that once we do  eventually see the bill, it is going to be rushed to the floor without  a hearing. So we will not have the benefit of feedback from our  constituents, from stakeholders, from people who understand what the  impact of this bill will be. This is simply unacceptable.   To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able  to make their own healthcare decisions. They shouldn't have to pay more  than men do for their healthcare. They should be able to visit  providers of their own choice who understand and have expertise in  women's healthcare needs. The health insurance that is available to  women should be equal to that of their male colleagues. That means it  should cover their basic healthcare needs.    To fully participate not only in our economy but also in our  democracy, women have to be recognized for their capacity to make their  own healthcare decisions--just as men are.   I have heard from many constituents whose lives have been changed by  being able to get the healthcare they need from the providers they  trust. One of those people is Carla from Newfields, NH. As a college  student, Carla suffered from significant pain. She needed immediate  medical care, so she went to her local Planned Parenthood.   It turned out that her pain was caused by ovarian cysts, and the  treatment for those cysts was birth control. As a college student on a  limited budget, before the Affordable Care Act had passed, Carla  couldn't afford birth control. Because she went to Planned Parenthood,  though, she got the treatment she needed at a price she could afford.  Her pain went away. She was able to graduate college and eventually  start a family--something she might not have been able to do if her  underlying condition had not been treated, caught when it was. That was  the power of access to appropriate and affordable health care in her  life at the right time.   Carla's story is the story of the thousands of New Hampshire women  who received primary and preventive healthcare services from Planned  Parenthood.   TrumpCare is a disaster for women. TrumpCare defunds Planned  Parenthood, which would take away a critical source of care for women.  This care includes birth control and breast and cervical cancer  screenings. Defunding Planned Parenthood would leave many women in the  Granite State and throughout the country without access to care, plain  and simple. There aren't enough other providers, as I heard from  medical providers throughout my State when I was Governor there, to  absorb all of the patients Planned Parenthood cares for now.   TrumpCare also includes harmful language that restricts women's  constitutionally protected rights to access abortion services.  Additionally, under TrumpCare, if you are a mother, giving birth could  now be considered a preexisting condition that insurance companies  could use to discriminate against you and charge you more.   TrumpCare would increase the cost to women from maternity care in two  ways:   First, it would undermine the requirement that insurance companies  must cover essential health benefits, including maternity care. In  fact, the Congressional Budget Office says that the House-passed  TrumpCare bill would increase out-of-pocket spending for maternity care  for women who have private insurance by thousands of dollars per year.   Second, TrumpCare slashes Medicaid funding. Medicaid pays for nearly  one-half of all births in the United States, meaning, with the 25- percent cut in expenditures over the next decade that is called for in  the TrumpCare bill, that at least some of this maternity coverage would  also be cut.   Any cut to Medicaid would disproportionately affect Granite State  women, as 62 percent of Medicaid recipients in New Hampshire are women.  These cuts would also strain at-risk families because Medicaid covers  nearly one in three children across our country and nearly 30 percent  of the children in my State of New Hampshire.   It is clear that TrumpCare would continue efforts to play partisan  games with a woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions and  control her own destiny.   It is critical that people in New Hampshire and across our Nation  continue to speak out and share their stories about how TrumpCare would  impact their lives, and I am going to continue to work with my  colleagues to defeat this bill.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   