 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SELF DRIVE  Act. With this legislation, we have the opportunity to unlock  autonomous vehicle innovation and help improve the quality of life for  millions.   Today, so many of our neighbors, friends, and family face mobility  challenges. Many seniors and people with disabilities are not able to  use a car to do errands, go to doctor appointments, and visit loved  ones. For millions of people who travel our roads, this technology has  the potential to prevent accidents and save lives. That is why we must  act to put policies in place that allow AVs to be tested and deployed,  with an emphasis on consumer protections.   In my home district of Sacramento and across California, we recognize  the promise of AV technology and are developing a pathway for its safe  testing and deployment. Sacramento's ATOS lab aims to foster a public- private consortium of government agencies and AV companies by  leveraging Sacramento's 5G network, an ideal location. The legislation  we are considering today allows California to continue to lead, while  protecting roadway safety.    With the SELF DRIVE Act, we are preserving the important AV  deployment work happening at the State level and also creating the  foundation for a strong Federal framework to build on our progress and  protect drivers and pedestrians.   I am also pleased that this bill contains language on legislation I  introduced, the MORE Act, which ensures technology companies, auto  manufacturers, and new market entrants are on a level playing field for  testing AVs.   Just as the development of the personal computer has revolutionized  our daily lives, so, too, will the employment of autonomous vehicle  technology.   This legislation, which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee  unanimously, puts us on a path towards innovation that, up until  recently, seemed unimaginable. I look forward to working with my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we work together to move this  legislation forward.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R.  3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Eduardo, a student at UC  Davis.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous  consent request cannot be entertained.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey  (Mrs. Watson Coleman) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up  H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect New Jersey DREAMERS like  Christian, who arrived when he was 7 years old and is a researcher at  the Icahn School of Medicine.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous  consent request cannot be entertained.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Gene Green) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to  bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to protect DREAMers like Jesus  Contreras, who as a DACAmented paramedic worked 6 days straight after  Hurricane Harvey. Jesus rescued people from flood waters and  transported them to local hospitals. Jesus deserves our support.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous  consent request cannot be entertained.   As the Chair advised on previous occasions, such as January 15, 2014,  and March 26, 2014, even though a unanimous consent request to consider  a measure is not entertained, embellishments accompanying such requests  constitute debate and will become an imposition on the time of the  Member who yielded for that purpose.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Nadler) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.   