 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5537, the Digital  Global Access Policy Act or the Digital GAP Act. I commend Chairman  Royce's timely piece of legislation, which aims to facilitate greater  coordination between the U.S. and foreign governments, international  organizations, regional economic communities, businesses, and civil  society regarding the promotion of information technology and  cybersecurity in developing economies.   The focus of the critical IT sector, particularly in developing  countries, is the goal of not only Chairman Royce's Digital GAP bill  but also of a possible companion bill in the Senate sponsored last year  by Senator Markey.   I understand that Senator Markey plans to reintroduce his bill in the  Senate, and it is my hope that we can work with the Senate in support  of this legislation. Both bills address the critical issue of the U.S.  working with developing economies on the core issue of information  technology and cybersecurity.   In many countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, the information technology  sector has literally taken off and enabled young, innovative, and  talented entrepreneurs to develop IT-related solutions to everyday  problems.   Last summer, I traveled with Senator Markey and Representative  Maloney to Nigeria and Senegal where we met with a number of local IT  experts. What was clear from our in-depth discussions is that Internet  access has quickly become a critical component of economies and  economic growth throughout the developing world.   Many developing economies, which have traditionally had to navigate  institutional or infrastructural impediments, are able to utilize  information technology to resolve everyday problems. Case in point,  telephone land lines in some developing economies are often in need of  constant repair and maintenance. As a result, over the years, land  lines became the preserve of the middle class and affluent sectors of  capital cities.   This is no longer the case because astute entrepreneurs have found a  way to circumvent this impediment by buying and/or renting out cell  phones for public use. Today, in just about any country you visit in  Sub-Saharan Africa, you will see countless men, women, and children  using cell phones.    On our codel, our visit to Senegal included a meeting with  the CEO of Wari, an 8-year-old company providing an innovative platform  offering convenient service and an aggregation of products and services  of various partners. Wari has over 220 million users of the platform  throughout 40 countries.   We also met with the director of Millennium Connect Africa. Formerly  with Hughes Satellite Systems, Mr. Diop was educated at Wharton and  UCLA and worked in the U.S. for 20 years. His company is a subsidiary  of Wari.   In Kenya, IT entrepreneurs have excelled in the development of a host  of innovative apps. For example, a young Kenyan innovator developed an  app called iCow to better enable dairy farmers to keep current with  market prices.   Throughout Sub-Saharan Africa, there are many examples of IT  expertise. The importance of an IT-literate population complements the  ongoing push for capability training.   To the degree the U.S. Government can actively participate in this  important process is to the mutual benefit of this country and a  spectrum of developing countries worldwide.   