 Mr. President, I want to speak about the healthcare  bill that has been laid out in the House now--introduced in the House  of Representatives. I have great concern about the proposal as it  relates to the people of Michigan, whom I represent, as well as to the  people across the country. This proposal--or whatever passes--will be  judged based on whether or not people pay more for their coverage, if  they can find it, and whether they are going to be able to get the  healthcare they need.   Healthcare is very personal. Despite the politics here in Congress  and in the White House, healthcare is not political; it is very  personal. Can you go to a doctor? Can you take your child to a doctor?  Can your parents or grandparents get the nursing home care they need?  Are you going to be able to find insurance after you have had a heart  attack or cancer or if your child has juvenile diabetes and, therefore,  has a preexisting condition?   I am deeply concerned after the initial look I have had, and we will  continue to look at more and more of the details as they come out. This  proposal is going to create chaos in the healthcare system. Frankly, I  would say this is a mess. It is going to create a big mess as it  relates to the families whom I represent and whom we all represent in  our home States.   This was written in secret. We have all seen the stories of the  Senator from the other side of the aisle who was running around trying  to get a copy of what was going on. Everything was done in secret, and  now that it is out, we find out that there is no cost attached to it.  We do not know what the overall cost will be to taxpayers. We also do  not know how many people are going to be able to get healthcare, who is  going to be able to be covered.   What I have seen really falls in the category of creating a mess for  families--higher costs for middle-class families, higher costs for poor  families, but less coverage--such a deal. This is not the kind of deal  that the people of Michigan want to have for themselves and their  families.   To add insult to injury, it cuts taxes for the wealthiest Americans,  while it makes most Americans pay more. It makes seniors pay more, and  we have heard people calling it the ``age tax'' or the ``senior tax.''  The reality is, in a number of different ways, in how we rate, which is  based on age and other costs, seniors will pay more. It is my  understanding that, in the middle of this, there is actually a  sweetheart deal for the CEOs of big insurance companies that will give  them pay raises. This whole thing is stunning to me, which is being put  forward with a straight face.   On top of everything else, it removes the guarantee for preexisting  conditions. It is very unclear what will happen to someone who has had  a heart attack. I have a new, little, baby grandniece who has had two  heart surgeries already, and there is another one that she will have to  have in another year. While she is doing great--and my niece and nephew  deserve incredible admiration for taking care of little Leighton--she  is going to have a preexisting condition her whole life. She is going  to have a reconstructed heart that is going to cause her various  challenges. Without the current guarantees that we have that she gets  with her insurance, her folks are going to have a hard  [[Page S1618]]  time, and little Leighton is going to have a hard time her whole life.   When we look a little bit more into the details of all of this, we  see, in fact, that this bill provides tax increases for millions of  families. It repeals the tax credits in 2020 that help working families  afford insurance. By the way, even though things do not happen  immediately, in their knowing it is coming, the insurance companies are  certainly going to find themselves making different kinds of decisions,  and, certainly, families will make different kinds of decisions. I  would expect the insurance system to be destabilized immediately. We  are already seeing problems with insurance companies pulling out just  based on the debate about repealing healthcare.    When we look at the tax credits--or help--for buying healthcare, it  goes from helping those from low-, moderate-, and middle-income  families being able to afford insurance to changing the whole thing. It  is based on your age and your income. So the higher the age and the  higher the income, the more taxpayer dollars you get, which makes no  sense. A 55-year-old with a higher income will get more taxpayer  funding than will a 30-year-old who is working a minimum wage job and  has the toughest time in trying to find insurance that he can afford.  This is not the set of values or perspectives that make sense for  people in Michigan, as well as for people across the country.   While that 30-year-old who is working a minimum wage job is going to  be paying more and hoping that he does not have a preexisting condition  because he may not be able to find insurance at all, we see that there  is a $300 billion--with a ``b''--tax cut for the wealthiest Americans.  Picture this: Somebody in a minimum wage job who could very well see  his health insurance go completely away will have that happen, while  someone who makes more than $3.7 million a year will save over $200,000  a year. So $200,000 a year is what he will get back now in the form of  a tax cut, which is more than what most people make. Certainly, the  majority of people in Michigan make less. They work very, very hard,  but they make less than $200,000.   Just to underscore, this is the first bill out of the gate here in  which we are talking about any kind of tax cuts. We are already seeing  Republicans cutting taxes for the wealthy while raising taxes on the  middle class and raising their healthcare costs if they can find  healthcare. These tax cuts are just the start. Wait until we get to tax  reform, when we are going to see this whole debate happen again. My  guess is that middle-income people are going to end up paying the  bill--paying more--and the wealthy people are going to get another  round of tax cuts.   To add insult to injury again, there are the sweetheart deals so that  the CEOs of the biggest insurance companies can get pay raises--can get  more money--while people will pay more if they work or are poor or  middle class. There are tax cuts for prescription drug companies of $30  billion, but the bill does nothing to lower the cost of prescription  drugs. This, certainly, is not healthcare for the majority of  Americans. This, certainly, is not healthcare for those who need to  have access to affordable healthcare.   Then it is back to our seniors, who will pay more because of the  changes in how healthcare costs will be rated. We will, essentially,  see older people having twice the tax credit but five times more the  cost. I am not sure exactly how it is being proposed for preexisting  conditions. We are still working through that. I do know that the bill  has a penalty. If you have health insurance and, for some reason, there  is a crisis in your family and, for some reason, you cannot continue it  and you drop that insurance and then you reenroll again, there is a 30- percent late enrollment surcharge. You will be paying 30 percent more  for your health insurance if you have a preexisting condition.   There are just two other items that are very important. I know that  the distinguished Presiding Officer shares the concern about this as  well, which is the fact that we have been able to create more access to  healthcare by expanding Medicaid, which is critically important.   One of the great success stories in Michigan today is that 97 percent  of our children in Michigan can now see a doctor--97 percent. We do not  want to go backward. Every child should have the ability to see a  doctor--every mom, every dad, every grandpa, every grandma. Right now,  in Michigan, 97 percent of children can see a doctor because of the  work that we did on the Affordable Care Act, including in the expansion  of Medicaid. This goes away. It takes a couple of years, but that goes  away.   Instead, what is proposed, essentially, is a voucher, but it has been  called a lot of names. There used to be folks talking about a block  grant to the States. Now they call it ``per capita.'' Yet it is really  simple. Just like there have been proposals by Republicans for years to  have a voucher for Medicare, now this is, essentially, a voucher for  Medicaid of X number of dollars. If you need more for your nursing home  care, then you are on your own. There are X number of dollars for your  child, for a family. If you have something happen and you get sick and  you need surgery or if you have cancer and it goes above that voucher,  you are on your own.   It completely changes Medicaid from an insurance system to a system  of, essentially, a voucher. Millions and millions and millions of  children, of families, of seniors--the majority of seniors in nursing  homes get their coverage through Medicaid--and our moms, dads,  grandpas, and grandmas, who right now get quality nursing home care  because of Medicaid, will be severely impacted by this voucher that  caps how much care they will be able to receive.   Finally, for over half of the population--for those of us who are  women--we will see a return, essentially, to a woman being a  preexisting condition. Essential services for women--maternity care,  which I was at the front of the line in fighting for, and prenatal  care--are not available in the majority of private plans a woman tries  to buy without her paying more. You can get maternity care, but it is  not viewed as basic. It may be basic to you, as a woman, but insurance  companies say: Sure, we will cover maternity care, but you have to pay  more. Forever, women have been paying more for their basic healthcare.  Under the Affordable Care Act, that changed when we said: Do you know  what? As a woman, you should not have to pay more for the basic care  you need.   Now all of that goes away under the House proposal. Just to make sure  that we see women's healthcare taken away, Planned Parenthood is  defunded. Yet 97 percent of what they do is basic care--mammograms,  getting to see your doctor, OB/GYN, prenatal care, and all of the  things you need for annual visits and so on. That is completely  defunded.   I congratulate everyone who has been involved in the effort to make  sure that birth control is affordable for women, and under the  Affordable Care Act, we have done that. This is an economic issue; this  is not a frill for women or for men or for families or for those who  have worked hard to make sure we can lower unintended pregnancies in  this country.   The good news is that we are at a 30-year low in unintended  pregnancies, a historic low in teen pregnancies, and at the lowest rate  of abortions since 1973--1973. Why is that? That is because women have  been able to get the healthcare they need. They have been able to get  affordable birth control to be able to manage their healthcare, as well  as seeing the economy improve. But we are seeing more and more where  more information is being made available, costs for basic preventive  care is down, and women having access to what they need in healthcare  allows them to be in a situation where we are seeing these historic  lows on unintended pregnancies, teen pregnancies, and abortions.   I know in Michigan we have a number of counties across Michigan,  particularly in rural communities, where the Planned Parenthood clinic  is the only provider of basic healthcare. It is the only provider for  family planning and for cancer screenings and basic healthcare for  women and for many men. It may be the only provider in the community.  More than half of Planned Parenthood health centers are in rural and  underserved communities. About one-third of all of the women living in  those communities where Planned Parenthood is available find that this  is the only healthcare provider available to them.  [[Page S1619]]    So support for women, preventive healthcare, and Planned Parenthood  funding are cut completely in this bill. Access to maternity care,  prenatal care, and other basic essential services is eliminated. If you  want that, you can pay more as a woman.   On top of that, we are seeing essential services like mental health  and substance abuse services and other basic comprehensive services  that we said for the last several years should be available--healthcare  above the neck as well as healthcare below the neck should be viewed as  essential services for people across America. All of that goes away  with this proposal.   So, in my judgment, this is a mess. It is going to create a mess,  with more costs, less service, shifting taxpayer dollars to the  wealthy, while asking the middle-class and low-income families to pay  more. This is simply not a good deal.   I would welcome the opportunity to work with colleagues on something  that makes sense. Let's put aside this whole effort of repeal. Let's  focus on how we can bring costs down, including prescription drugs, and  continue to move forward, but let's not go back. When 97 percent of the  children in my State can see a doctor today, that is worth keeping.  That represents the best of our values. We can't go backward. The  proposal we are seeing in the House would take us back to a place that  would hurt the majority of Americans, and I strongly oppose it.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Dakota.   