 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for  yielding and for her leadership and work on the great Energy and  Commerce Committee in the House.   My congressional district is home to the engineers, innovators, and  developers who are pioneering the technologies that are transitioning  us to a driverless world. That is why I support H.R. 3388, and it is my  hope that the regulatory framework established by this bill is going to  ensure that the United States of America is the leader in the world's  next great revolution in transportation. I believe that we are, that we  will be, and that this bill boosts the effort.   Throughout committee consideration of this bill, I stressed the need  for bipartisanship on this issue so that the American people would have  confidence in the steps that we were taking. And so it is. It is, I  think, in the spirit of the original Federal automotive safety  standards that passed Congress nearly unanimously in 1966.   This bill was improved significantly in the committee, and the final  bill, very importantly, preserves the role that States have played to  regulate matters such as vehicle registration, licensing, insurance,  and liability, while, at the Federal level, ensuring that manufacturers  submit safety certifications to NHTSA, placing the agency on the path  toward issuing full safety standards for autonomous vehicles.   The bill also includes my language to require a study of the  environmental impacts of autonomous vehicles, as well as the  intersection between autonomous and electric vehicles. The AV  [[Page H6674]]  revolution is happening on top of the ongoing electrification  revolution, and I think the AV advisory council can provide important  insight to Congress, States, and localities about how to support  growing these fleets.   For all these reasons and more, Mr. Speaker, I urge all House Members  to support H.R. 3388. I think it deserves unanimous support, as it did  in our committee, and that this will be good for America and keep us in  a leadership position on the all-important issues that are established  by this bill.   