 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Congressman Davis for  yielding and for his tireless advocacy on behalf of the most vulnerable  everywhere.   I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 42, which is really another  baseless attack on the poor, on low-income individuals, and on the  unemployed. Drug testing unemployed individuals is downright wrong.   Let me be clear. This resolution is another way for Republicans to  stop  [[Page H1205]]  workers from claiming their right to unemployment benefits. It also is  a scare tactic that flies in the face of facts.   First, there is no evidence that people who receive public assistance  use drugs any more frequently than those in the general population.  Unemployment compensation, mind you, is not public assistance.   By unnecessarily drug testing jobless workers, we are throwing them  out in the cold when they are simply trying to get back on their feet.   Mr. Speaker, workers receive unemployment benefits because they  worked hard, they played by the rules, and they were laid off through  no fault of their own.   More importantly, working people have earned their right to apply for  these benefits. They pay into the program. Their constitutional rights  should not be violated.   I also know that people want to work. People don't want to be on  unemployment insurance. They want to provide for themselves and their  families.   Let me remind you, there is an opioid and heroin drug epidemic in  this country, and it not only affects Democrats, this drug crisis is  affecting Republicans, Independents--everyone. Yet, once again, you are  throwing them out in the cold.   Instead of passing this appalling resolution--and this resolution is  appalling--we should be expanding job training, unemployment benefits  for all, and provide resources for drug treatment. It is hard to  believe that you want to punish people. That is what this resolution  really does. It punishes people for working. That is really a shame and  disgrace.   So I strongly oppose this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,''  and I also urge you to encourage people to work, to provide those job  training resources and drug abuse resources for our mental health  centers, for our drug counseling centers, and for everyone who needs  treatment rather than drug testing to keep them from getting a job.   