 Madam President, I rise today to ask the Senate to adopt  the Hirono-Donnelly amendment to protect Medicare and Medicaid. During  his campaign, President-Elect Trump made the American people a promise  that he will protect Medicare and Medicaid.   Today, we are giving Senate Republicans an opportunity to reaffirm  this promise to the American people, but I am deeply skeptical that  they will do the right thing because they are committed to repealing  the Affordable Care Act. Senate Republicans fought for years to repeal  the Affordable Care Act, which would drastically cut Medicaid funding  for the States, and the President-elect's nominee for Secretary of  Health and Human Services is the architect of the Republican plan to  privatize Medicare. The assault on the ACA is an assault on Medicare  and Medicaid. Both of these programs can be dismantled through the  language in the budget that Congress is debating right now.   The President-elect and congressional Republicans might be willing to  break their promise to the American people. Instead, I, along with my  like-minded colleagues, will do whatever we can, whenever we can, to  protect these social safety net programs.   I am fighting for seniors like Anne and Lanny Bruder from Kauai.  Lanny is 80 years old, but he is still working three jobs to make ends  meet after losing the family home during the 2008 mortgage crisis. Anne  has glaucoma and pays what she calls a ridiculous amount for eye drops.  Lanny survived a heart attack and has two artificial knees.   Like many of our kupuna--or seniors--living on a fixed income, they  simply could not afford the extra $6,000  [[Page S134]]  a year they would be forced to pay if Republicans succeed in their  effort to privatize and voucherize Medicare.   I am also fighting for young people like Anne, who walked into the  Kokua Kalihi Valley Clinic 3 years ago. She had no health insurance,  and she was pregnant at the age of 15. The doctors at the clinic helped  Anne apply for Medicaid, which helped her afford prenatal care and gave  her support to stay healthy and, very importantly, to stay in school.  Medicaid helped Anne and her husband Dan, age 17, welcome a healthy  baby boy named Joseph. Today Anne is a graduate of Farrington High  School, works part time, and has plans to become a pediatric nurse  practitioner. Anne, Dan, and Joseph now have insurance through Dan's  employer.   These stories--and there are thousands of similar stories in Hawaii-- demonstrate just how important Medicare and Medicaid are to millions of  people across the country. It is why we are fighting tooth and nail to  prevent any cuts that would jeopardize these social safety net  programs.   The Hirono-Donnelly amendment would prevent any partisan attempt to  harm Medicare and Medicaid. Specifically, it would block congressional  Republicans from using budget reconciliation to privatize Medicare or  increase eligibility standards. It would also prevent changes to  Medicaid that reduce State funding from current levels.   Adopting this amendment would send a clear message to seniors and  working families that Congress is serious about protecting their access  to quality, affordable health care.   I urge all of my colleagues to support the Hirono-Donnelly amendment.   I yield the floor to Senator Donnelly.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Indiana.    Madam President, I would like to reclaim the time that  Democrats have to talk about the Hirono-Donnelly amendment. We are  expecting some of our colleagues to be here. I see Senator Blumenthal.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.    Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote  for amendment No. 20. What this amendment does is to protect Medicare  and Medicaid in a way that will help millions of people in our country,  and it comports with President-Elect Trump's promise to protect  Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid. So I urge my colleagues to  vote for amendment No. 20.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b) of  that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The question is on agreeing to the motion.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.   