 Mr. President, I come to speak on the nomination of  Congressman Price to lead the Health and Human Services Department. But  I have to respond to my colleague from Texas on his remarks. He wanted  to know why Members of our side of the aisle wanted to have information  about nominees or why it might take so long.   There are a record number of billionaires in this Cabinet. There is  nothing wrong with people making money. But when you have conflicts of  interest, clearly people on this side of the aisle feel like we should  do our job and find out about those conflicts of interest. Even in  record time, these nominees have moved through this body, coming to  votes in committee without our even having all of this information that  we wanted to have on their conflicts of interest.   For one nominee, the Commerce Secretary, we were negotiating even the  day of the vote to clarify whether he was going to recuse himself if  any of his transport vessels ever entered U.S. waters and would have a  conflict on the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund.   So there is the notion that somehow we have been dragging our feet on  a Cabinet, when a billionaire Cabinet has been nominated by this  President, who seems to want to tweet against commerce. The conflicts  are here, and we want them cleared up.   As to Mr. Price, there are issues here that even the committee was  not given the chance for a second hearing to get information about his  conflicts of interest. So for my colleague--who thinks for a party that  railroaded Zoe Baird because of a housekeeping issue, and yet there are  nominees that we have moved forward on who have the  [[Page S986]]  same issue--now to say to us that we don't have the right to find out  what these conflicts of interest are, I would say that you are wrong.   On this issue for Mr. Price, my issue is the issue of our health care  delivery system, which was very hard to pin him down on as it relates  to the Affordable Care Act. My view is that this vote is the first vote  in the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Why? Because Mr. Price held  nothing but his own views about this before coming to our committee.   When we asked repeatedly what would he endorse as it related to the  reforms in the Affordable Care Act that are saving Americans money,  that are clearly working for Americans, he failed to make a commitment.  So my newspaper in Washington State, the Seattle Times, has said:  ``President-elect Donald Trump and his nominee for U.S. Secretary of  Health and Human Services have doubled down on Republican promises to  scuttle the Affordable Care Act (ACA).''   So that is not what I want. That is not what I am going to vote for  in the nomination of Mr. Price. If Mr. Price had given us a little bit  of an inkling of his desire to work across the aisle on what is working  in the Affordable Care Act, what is working in Medicaid expansion, what  is working to help save Americans dollars on their health care, it  would be a different discussion here. But Mr. Price has put forth a  budget in the House of Representatives that would cut Medicaid by one- third within 10 years. His budget cuts $1 trillion from States over a  10-year period of time.   So this philosophy has raised a lot of concerns by my colleagues  here. We had no other choice but to look at his record since he would  not give us any answers on these programs. His record clearly shows  that he has actively and aggressively worked to cap Medicaid with a  block-grant program; trade away Medicare's guarantees with a voucher,  instead; defund Planned Parenthood; and switch guaranteed benefits for  a fixed tax credit that would steadily buy less and less and less and  become more of a standard of actually giving Americans less health  care.   Why is this so important? The reality is that 7 percent of Americans  get their health insurance through the individual health insurance  market, and that while people talk about the exchanges, the expansion  of Medicaid, which so many States took advantage of, is a critical  program. Nationally, nearly half of pregnant women depend on Medicaid  for prenatal and postnatal care to ensure healthy pregnancies.   Medicaid covers 64 percent of nursing home residents and is the  largest payer for long-term care. Many Americans in the United States  are now going into nursing homes because they can't afford to save for  retirement. Medicaid is critically important. In hospitals across the  Nation, one in two births are financed by Medicaid. Medicaid insurance  actually costs less than private insurance. So, it is a very efficient  way to cover a population.   I know a lot of my colleagues are going to come out here and talk  about Medicare. I am sure seniors in America will be very anxious about  Mr. Price's statements on Medicare. But I am speaking here now about a  program that is keeping people off of uncompensated care, keeping them  from flooding our hospitals, and putting them on a system that is  working for our Nation to cover people who need to have an option.   Now, I say ``option.'' Why? Because Medicaid itself is an optional  program. States don't have to participate. But guess what. Every State  in this country does participate. In fact, in Washington State, we know  that Medicaid reduces, as I said, infant mortality. It helps with long- term health care, and it is helping us make sure we are becoming more  efficient in our delivery system.   So in Washington, we expanded Medicaid and covered 600,000 additional  Washingtonians, most of whom were previously insured. It helped us  reduce our uninsured rate by 60 percent, to less than 6 percent; that  is, 6 percent of Washingtonians are now not with a health insurance  program.   So why am I so concerned about this? Because in the Affordable Care  Act, reforms are working. We would like a nominee who would at least  address and agree that those things are working. For example, as I just  mentioned, because the Medicaid population and long-term care costs are  rising, and the number of people are living longer, they are going to  drive a huge balloon into our Medicaid budget. So we came up with an  idea of saying: You should ``rebalance'' from nursing home care to  community-based care.   Why? Because people would like to live in their homes longer, because  we can deliver more affordable care that way. It is better for the  patient, and it is better for our health care delivery system. So what  did we do? We put incentives into the Affordable Care Act to give the  patients a cheaper, more affordable way to stay in their homes and get  long-term care.   It is really amazing to me how many States in our Union took up the  opportunity to participate in this program: Arkansas, Connecticut,  Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi,  Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Illinois, Maine,  Ohio, Nevada, Massachusetts, Nebraska, and Pennsylvania.   All of those States decided to use this part of the Affordable Care  Act because they agreed in philosophy that taking this population and  rebalancing would save dollars in Medicaid, give people better health  care choices, and save us money overall. In fact, the State of Georgia  received $57 million from the Affordable Care Act to do this and has  been able to shift 10 percent of its long-term care costs from nursing  home care to community-based care with the help of this program. So it  is a winning strategy.   Yet we could not get a commitment or an awareness by Mr. Price about  this program, what it does, why it is so successful, or the concept  that having people get care in their homes would be appropriate for so  many Americans over the very expensive nursing home care that so many  States are burdened with and so much of our Federal dollars are going  to be burdened with in the future.   We also tried to discuss with him another incredible idea from the  Affordable Care Act; that is, the Basic Health Plan: the idea that  customers should be able to buy in bulk. I call it the Costco plan,  because everybody knows that when you buy in bulk, you are going to get  a discount.   But beyond the Medicaid eligibility level, so much of what Americans  have not been able to do is to buy in bulk. So part of the Affordable  Care Act said that you could buy in bulk as a State and give a benefit.    What is the outcome of that? Well, the State of New York is using the  Basic Health Plan and has signed up more than a half million people  under that plan.   Right now, a family of four in New York making about $37,000 a year,  if they were buying just on the exchange, might have to pay $1,500 in  annual premiums, with tax credits. Because of the Basic Health Plan,  they are paying about $250 per year in premiums. That is a savings of  over $1,000 per year for those families. This is an important program.  Why? Because those in the delivery system have certainty that they are  going to see those patients, just as Costco, when they buy in bulk for  so many Americans across the country, knows that Americans are going to  shop there and take advantage of the discount that they were able to  negotiate, and it works for everyone. The producers know they will have  volume, the customer knows they will get the best price, and more  people are covered.   The fact that New York has used the Basic Health Plan, as well as  Minnesota, has shown us that these kinds of expansions of Medicaid--and  programs like the Basic Health Plan that exist just above the Medicaid  eligibility rate--work successfully for us and are the types of things  we wish Mr. Price would endorse. But, again, he failed to endorse these  kinds of things.   What he has said, instead, is that he wants to cap these programs,  which is not an improvement to the system but almost a truncating of  the cost. In my mind, it is like a surgeon going into surgery but  instead of taking a scalpel, he is taking an ax.   Given what the people of Washington State have done successfully in  driving down health care costs and improving outcomes, I am not willing  to take a risk on somebody who will not take a risk and say that these  programs are working successfully.  [[Page S987]]    I hope our colleagues will listen to these concerns. This is the  first vote in the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act. It is the  first opportunity we have to say: Either tell us what is working or  tell us what you are for.   But on Mr. Price, all we have is his record. And I hate to say, his  record, by capping and desiring to cut Medicaid and Medicare, is not  the direction our country needs to go.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to  continue my remarks from earlier today in opposition to the nomination  of Congressman Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services and  to continue talking about the Medicaid program.   My colleague from New Jersey was talking about the affordability of  health care in general and some of the critique about where we are  going with health care in the future. That is really what I think the  next few years here in the Senate are going to be about--the future of  health care.   Unfortunately, the nominee before us is more about the past of health  care, focusing on issues like fee-for-service instead of the patient- centric health care that we need.   Earlier today, I was talking about the innovation that is happening  in Medicaid through the Affordable Care Act and, specifically, what is  happening in Midwestern States, Eastern States, Southern States, and  Western States--how the expansion of Medicaid is not just giving more  people access to health care but how innovative programs that are  reaching that population are allowing people, instead of going into  nursing home care and costing States more and having more expense,  going into community-based care and home-based care that will help us  keep costs down and give patients what they want: the ability to stay  at home and have care.   I also talked about how, on top of the Medicaid expansion, we put a  program like the Basic Health Plan into place, which drove down the  costs of premiums for people in that program.   Through Medicaid, not only have we expanded health insurance by  helping states cover their citizens, but the uninsured rate has also  dropped. I mentioned that in our State of Washington, it dropped to  just 6 percent. Through delivery system reforms, we are also driving a  better way for us to improve the Medicaid Program.   Now I want to contrast that to the position of this administration  and to Congressman Price, because it is a very different view. As I  said, I think it is a very backwards-looking view about what we need to  improve our health care system. I want to make sure that our colleagues  on both sides of the aisle understand this.   Now, my biggest concern is that the current administration and  members of that administration are talking about what they want to do  with Medicaid. I know that Speaker Ryan has said that he would like to  block-grant Medicaid back to the States. This may sound like some great  idea until you realize that, right now, Medicaid is already a state  option. Medicaid is a voluntary program for States to participate in.  The money goes back to the State based on the need. It is not block- granted.   I talked earlier today about when you block-grant it and cap it at a  certain level, you are asking people to do more with less. Instead of  addressing their needs and improving the system,  [[Page S1035]]  like I mentioned on rebalancing to community-based care versus nursing  home care, or making it more affordable like in the Basic Health Plan,  all you are doing is capping it and continuing to give an amount of  money that doesn't meet the needs of individual citizens. So I did not  like the fact that Speaker Ryan seems to be on this parade of saying:  Let's block-grant Medicaid.    The reason we came to this is that my dear colleague from Vermont  came to the Senate floor one night and showed a tweet from--I think it  was actually then-Candidate Trump, but it might have been President  Trump--that said: No, I am not touching Medicare or Social Security or  Medicaid. My colleague from Vermont wanted to know whether the  President was going to stick to that promise. What has happened since  then is we have seen that there has been a promise, so to speak, on  some of these programs, but not on others.   I know Vice President Pence said that he and Donald Trump will give  States new freedom and flexibility through block-granting Medicaid. So  they are for this idea of block-granting Medicaid.   In fact, White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway said: block-grant  Medicaid to the States.   So many on the other side are saying you are going to keep your  health care; don't worry, it is going to be there for you; no one is  going to lose it. I guarantee that if we block-grant Medicaid, which is  the premise that Mr. Price has been rallying on, not just once but many  times, it is not going to work out for many Washingtonians in my State,  and it certainly is not going to work out for many people all across  this country.   Mr. Price wrote a budget that would block-grant Medicaid. And he  wrote a bill that would repeal the Medicaid expansion in its entirety  and repeal all of the Affordable Care Act. So I know for some people,  as I said, that might sound like giving the States flexibility, but  right now, that dollar goes up and down based on need. When Medicaid is  block-granted, you are going to give States a set amount of money and,  as I said, that set amount of money may not keep pace with the cost of  care.   Through Medicaid waivers authorized by Congress and approved by the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, States can work with the  Federal Government to deliver flexibility. I just mentioned two  programs that are already in the Affordable Care Act.   Earlier today I mentioned all of the States that were utilizing  rebalancing programs and the shift they are seeing in keeping people  out of nursing home care and putting them in community-based services.  So that is a huge win.   A number of States have pursued these Medicaid waivers through a  section of the Social Security Act called 1115. It is really not  necessary for anybody to know the number, but basically those  innovations are allowing States to continue to improve the delivery of  health care. In the State of Washington, that means we are delivering  better care, better outcomes, at lower cost. That should be our  target--not taking a hatchet to Medicaid and chopping it and saying we  are going to give you less and less money.   We know that our health care delivery system is going to be  challenged in the future, and we know Mr. Price's budget would cut one- third of Medicaid funding within 10 years. That is a huge cost to the  Medicaid program. So what would it mean? It would mean millions of  Americans would lose their health insurance because States will not  have the investments to cover them. Uncompensated care will skyrocket,  and that would really hurt the safety net that hospitals provide.  People don't go without health care just because Medicaid doesn't cover  them. They show up in the emergency rooms, they get uncompensated care,  it is more expensive, or they ignore their health care needs until they  can absolutely afford it. We are seeing this across America even now.  We have had physicians tell us stories of people who are just waiting  until they can afford coverage.   So that is why it is so important to get affordable coverage like the  Affordable Care Act has been able to provide and to unleash innovative  programs within these systems, like the Basic Health Plan that I  mentioned earlier today, which allows us to buy in bulk, like a Costco  model. Costco delivers Americans a lot of cheaper products because they  buy in bulk; it drives down the price. The consumer wins and the  insurer wins because they know they are going to get big purchases, and  that provides flexibility. I mentioned how New York has more than  600,000 people on the Basic Health Plan, and instead of paying a yearly  premium of about $1,500, they were basically saving about $1,000 or  more on their annual insurance premiums. Why? Because the State was  able to offer up a bundle to New York residents and drive down costs.  That is the kind of flexibility we need in the health care system. We  don't need to just say we are going to cut one-third over a 10-year  period of time.   Let me again contrast this progress with Mr. Price's ideas.  Congressman Price's budget would cut $1 trillion from States over 10  years through Medicaid block grants--$1 trillion, leaving States with a  hole in their budget that I know, if they are like our State and are  challenged with other issues, they would not be able to cover. The  notion that block-granting Medicaid and repealing the Medicaid  expansion is the way forward is absolutely not what the people of  Washington State think. I am here to represent the viewpoint that  innovations in the Affordable Care Act are working, and we shouldn't  just simply block-grant and cut Medicaid.   So instead of improving the delivery system of health care and  instead of expanding coverage and giving peace of mind, here is what  Mr. Price's Medicaid cuts would do, according to some of the  independent experts who study Medicaid.   The National Council on Disability says about block grants: ``Older  Americans and people with disabilities would be at special risk. . . .  States would face strong financial pressure to reduce services to low- income seniors and people with disabilities if the Federal Medicaid  funds were capped.''   The Center on Budget and Priorities says: ``To compensate for the  federal Medicaid funding cuts a block grant would institute, states  would either have to contribute much more of their own funding or, as  is far more likely, use the greater flexibility the block grant would  give them to make draconian cuts to eligibility, benefits, and provider  payments.''   The Commonwealth Fund says that ``the federal contribution under a  block grant program would remain the same, or grow only according to a  present formula, no matter how large the population in need becomes or  how much a State actually must spend on health care for Medicaid  recipients.''   So we can see that people understand that block-granting Medicaid is  nothing more than a war on Medicaid--nothing more than a war on  Medicaid.   That is why I cannot support Mr. Price's nomination. We gave him  chances in the hearing to talk about why this kind of approach is not  acceptable and why the programs within the Affordable Care Act that are  driving down costs, giving people access, making improvements, working  all across the United States in various parts of our Nation are  actually the right ways to improve the delivery system, but we couldn't  get commitments.   So if my colleagues are being honest with themselves or if they  actually understand this, they should be very afraid of the notion that  Mr. Price is putting forward in wanting to block-grant Medicaid. I  think some of them do understand. It is why the Governor of Nevada,  Brian Sandoval, and the Governor of Michigan, Rick Snyder, and others,  are asking Congress to let them keep the Medicaid gains already in the  Affordable Care Act and not shift those costs to the States.   So while shifting costs to the States might be exactly what some  people want to do, this is exactly why we need to fight to make sure  that the Medicaid expansion remains supported, and that we have the  right focus moving forward--a delivery system, that is, that works for  the patients and improves outcome and lowers costs. That is why I  mentioned two aspects of the Affordable Care Act. We did the Medicaid  expansion, and then, for a working family just above the Medicaid  eligibility level, which is 138 percent of the federal poverty level,  they were able to buy in bulk and get the kind of cost savings in  health care that, as I said, let more than 600,000 New Yorkers  [[Page S1036]]  sign up for truly affordable health care in impressive numbers.   So that kind of progress being made in Medicaid and in the income  levels just above it is exactly the kind of progress we must keep  pursuing. Our colleagues seem to want to turn back the clock on this  plan.   We did not get a single commitment from Mr. Price on keeping Medicaid  healthy for more than the 70 million Americans that depend on it.  Therefore, all I can do is go back to his record, his votes, and his  comments to understand his desire to block-grant Medicaid, which is a  war on Medicaid. It will not make that population healthier. It  certainly will not really control health care costs for the future, and  it is certainly the reason I will be voting no on Mr. Price.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   