 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  time, and I join our colleague in saluting the committee for bringing  this bipartisan legislation to the floor--so many issues that the  committee has to deal with. I know that full well as a previous ranking  member.   I know that we all agree that every chance we get we want to salute  the patriotic men and women of the intelligence community for their  ceaseless heroism and unblinking vigilance to keep the American people  safe. I thank them for all they do for force protection and conflict  prevention. The quiet professionals of the U.S. intelligence community  work every day, again, to keep this country safe and our leaders  informed. Respect for their work is essential.   I thank Ranking Member Schiff and members of the committee--Mr.  Schiff, for his leadership, and commend all the members of the  committee for their dedication to those same goals.   I am sorry that this bill is coming up under a closed rule so that  Members cannot offer amendments. One such amendment might be about an  independent commission. It is the judgment of the intelligence  community, as expressed in the January 2017 Intelligence Community  Assessment, that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a  multifaceted active-measures campaign to sow discord in our political  process and help one Presidential candidate and hurt the other.   For this reason, we continue to ask for an outside, independent  commission to look forward on how to prevent Russia and others from  meddling in our election system again. The Swalwell-Cummings  legislation to establish that commission has 200 bipartisan cosponsors.   I also want to salute our Homeland Security Committee ranking member,  Bennie Thompson, for his leadership to strengthen the preparedness of  the election infrastructure of the United States to identify and  withstand a foreign attack.   Our election systems are part of the critical infrastructure of our  country, some of the most critical infrastructure of our democracy  itself. We must protect it.   The United States must reject foreign interference in our elections,  no matter which party it helps or which party it hurts. Our oath of  office is to protect and defend the Constitution against all enemies,  foreign and domestic. Working with the intelligence community to better  ensure the integrity of our elections is vital to that goal.    Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bipartisan legislation  and salute the members of the committee. I especially want to  acknowledge the tremendous leadership of our ranking member, Mr. Schiff  from California.   