 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Judge  Amul Thapar to serve as a judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.   It should surprise absolutely no one that Judge Thapar is the second  nominee to a Federal court to come up for a vote in this Congress. His  nomination comes on the heels of the nomination of now-Justice Neil  Gorsuch, an ultraconservative who could not earn enough support to be  confirmed under Senate's normal rules, a judge so radical, so  controversial that Senate Republicans had to change the Senate rules  and lower the vote threshold to force his nomination through the  Senate.   Now the Senate is poised to vote on a judge cut from the same cloth.  Like Justice Gorsuch, Judge Thapar made the list of 21 acceptable  judges that far-right groups drew up and handed to President Trump-- judges who would tilt the scales of justice in favor of the rich and  the powerful. As in Justice Gorsuch's case, those radical groups are  committed to doing whatever it takes to make sure Judge Thapar sits on  the Nation's highest courts.   For those groups, the goal is not just to get a few ultraconservative  judges on our Federal courts; it is to capture the entire judicial  branch. For years, billionaire-funded, rightwing groups have worked  hand in hand with Republicans to ensure that our courts advance the  interests of the wealthy and powerful over the rights of everyone else.  They abused the filibuster to stop fair, mainstream judges from filling  vacancies on Federal courts, they slowed the judicial nominations  process to a crawl, and they threw the Constitution and Senate  precedent out the window by refusing to consider President Obama's  Supreme Court nominee. Under their watch, judicial vacancies stacked up  and courts became overloaded with cases. Now Republicans and their  extremist friends have a President who shares their concern about the  interests of the 1 percent, and they are ready to stack our Federal  courts with judges who will advance their radical agenda. Judge Thapar  is much more than up to the task.   There are many reasons to oppose Judge Thapar's nomination to the  Sixth Circuit, from his decisions making it harder for working  Americans to get access to the judicial system to his support for  sentencing policies that don't make us safer but that exacerbate the  problem of mass incarceration. There is a lot to object to, but I want  to highlight one area that should concern every person who thinks  government should work for all of us; that is, Judge Thapar's stance on  money in politics.   For decades, our laws restricted the amount of money that individuals  and corporations could pour into the political process. In recent  years, Federal courts chipped away at those laws, and then Supreme  Court decisions in cases like McCutcheon and Citizens United took a  sledgehammer to campaign finance laws, unleashing a flood of dark money  into the political system.   There are now dozens of perfectly legal ways for the 1 percent to buy  influence and favor: corporate campaign contributions and super pacs,  the revolving door between government and the private sector, bought- and-paid-for experts to push alternative facts, armies of lobbyists  swarming the Halls of Congress. Their investments have paid off in the  form of special breaks, exemptions, deals, riders, subsidies,  loopholes, and every other handout industry can imagine. That money-- that unaccountable, dark, unlimited money--has fundamentally distorted  our democracy.   Judge Thapar would make the problem worse. Judge Thapar believes that  actual speech and monetary contributions are basically the same thing.  When he had to decide on the constitutionality of a Kentucky rule  preventing State judges and judicial candidates from donating to  political groups or campaigns, he concluded that the rule was  unconstitutional. In his decision, Judge Thapar said: ``There is simply  no difference between `saying' that one supports an organization by  using words and `saying' that one supports an organization by donating  money.'' No difference between talking about a candidate and dumping a  bucket of money into the candidate's campaign. Wow.   In Judge Thapar's view, the Constitution should protect a  billionaire's right to dump unlimited sums of money into the political  process to influence the outcome of elections. That is even further  than the Supreme Court has gone. As the Sixth Circuit reminded Judge  Thapar when it reversed his decision on donations, even the Supreme  Court has refused to treat monetary donations as equivalent to direct  speech.   The issue of concentrated money in our political system is one that  doesn't split down party lines. Americans of all political views cringe  at the massive amounts of secret money that slither through our  political process. They have seen politicians beholden to the handful  of deep-pocketed individuals and giant corporations, and they have seen  those politicians turn their backs on the constituents they were  elected to represent. That is at the heart of what is wrong in our  Nation. Our government should work for everyone, not just for the  millionaires and billionaires.  [[Page S3129]]    Fighting for a government that is accountable to the people means  fighting to reduce the influence of concentrated money and concentrated  power in our political system. It is time to take down the sign that  says ``government for sale'' that hangs above Washington, DC, and we  can start today by rejecting Judge Thapar's nomination to serve on the  Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   