 Mr. President, so far this year President Trump and  Senate Republicans have selected a long list of Wall Street insiders,  corporate CEOs, lobbyists, and radical rightwing ideologues to run the  Federal Government, but the Republicans haven't stopped there. They are  also working to fill vacancies on the courts with the same kind of  people--nominees who reflect pro-corporate, radically conservative  views that will threaten the principle of equal justice under law.   That is not coincidence. Powerful rightwing groups have had their  sights set on the courts for decades, and over the past 8 years they  have launched a relentless campaign to capture our courts. During the  Obama administration, a key part of their strategy was stopping fair,  mainstream nominees with diverse, professional backgrounds from  becoming judges. Our Federal courts suffered the consequences.  Vacancies sat open for months. They sat open for years, and cases piled  up on the desks of overworked judges.   Now, with President Trump in the White House and Senate Republicans  are in control of the Senate, those powerful interests see an  unprecedented opportunity to reshape our courts in ways that will  benefit billionaires and giant corporations for decades to come. Now  they see their chance to stack the courts with radical, rightwing, pro- Big Business conservatives.   John Bush, President Trump's nominee to sit on the Sixth Circuit  Court of Appeals, is one of those radical, rightwing, pro-business  conservatives. Mr. Bush is not just a member of the ultraconservative  Federalist Society. He is the cofounder and 20-year president of the  Louisville chapter. During his career, he has earned a reputation for  fighting for the big guys. For example, Mr. Bush supports weakening our  campaign finance laws so giant corporations and wealthy individuals can  flood our elections with unlimited contributions and buy the officials  they want. I believe Mr. Bush's pro-corporate views call his  qualifications to the Federal bench into question. I do not understand  how he can be fair and impartial when his billionaire buddies show up  in court.   My concern about Mr. Bush runs much deeper. He has demonstrated a  level of disrespect for other people that flatly disqualifies him for a  lifetime appointment to the Federal bench. Here is just a glimpse of  what the man nominated to be a Federal judge has written and said in  public:   In a blog post, he called for then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to be  gagged.   In another blog post, Mr. Bush mocked policies that recognize same- sex parents saying that ``[i]t's just like the government to decide it  needs to decide something like which parent is number one and which  parent is number two.''   In a speech in Louisville, he repeated a quote from a late journalist  saying: ``I come here every year, let me tell you one thing I've  learned--this is no town to be giving people the impression you're some  kind of. . . .'' He finished the quote with an anti-gay slur that  begins with an ``f.''   There it is: dismissive, demeaning, and downright ugly. If that word  makes you furious, or if you believe that term is hurtful, then think  about what it means that this is the man President Trump has put  forward to be a Federal judge to sit in judgment on others. Whatever  his other qualifications, Mr. Bush has aggressively and conclusively  disqualified himself to be a judge. I think Mr. Bush knows that.   In his hearing before the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Bush was not keen  to defend what he said. When asked about those hateful statements, he  ducked and dodged like a prize fighter. He played that old game we have  seen before--the ``I promise to be a fair and impartial judge if I am  confirmed'' game. He is selling, and I am not buying. Mr. Bush should  be embarrassed to defend those statements. They are shameful.   Senator McConnell might defend this man, calling those statements, as  he did, ``personal views about politics,'' but I call them hateful  views that disqualify him for a lifetime appointment as a Federal  judge. Yes, decent, reasonable people can disagree on policy, and  decent, reasonable people can disagree on legal interpretation, but  decent, reasonable people should not disagree on basic norms that all  judges in our Federal court should abide by. Anyone who thinks it is OK  to use anti-gay slurs and to tell anti-LGBTQ jokes is disqualified to  be a Federal judge, period.   No Senator--Republican or Democratic--should be willing to confirm  such a man. Our courts have one duty: to dispense equal justice under  the law. No one can have confidence that Mr. Bush could fulfill such a  task, and no Senator should be willing to give Mr. Bush a seat on the  court of appeals of the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   