 Mr. President, we are in the second week of the Trump  Presidency, and it is pretty clear that something is happening in our  country. All across the Nation, Americans in quiet towns and boisterous  cities are taking to the streets to fight for American values. They are  protesting in the streets and calling their Representatives. They are  getting involved in local organizations, and they are organizing around  the causes they support.   We know that American values are threatened when the President issues  an order banning immigrants from the country based on their religion.  We know that American values are threatened when politicians try to  break apart a health care system that has extended medical benefits to  millions of Americans, and we know that American values are threatened  when a President tries to stack his government with billionaires and  insiders who have a history of grinding working people into the dirt.   Yesterday something happened that is a threat to our American values.  President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme  Court. For years now, I have repeated this warning: America's promise  of equal justice under the law is in danger. Over the last three  decades, as the  [[Page S559]]  rich have grown richer and middle-class families have struggled, the  scales of justice have also tilted, tilted in favor of the wealthy and  the powerful.   This is not an accident. It is part of a deliberate strategy to turn  our courts into one more rigged game for folks at the top, and its  effects have been devastating. Recent court decisions have protected  giant businesses from accountability, made it harder for people who  have been injured or cheated to get a hearing, gutted longstanding laws  protecting consumers who have been swindled, and unleashed a flood of  secret money into our politics that is rapidly tilting the entire  government in favor of the wealthy.   Billionaires and corporate giants have launched a full-scale attack  on fair-minded, mainstream judges. It has happened at every level of  our judiciary, but the best example was the unprecedented blockade of  Judge Merrick Garland's nomination to the Supreme Court. Judge Garland  was an obvious consensus nominee and a straight shooter who followed  the law. Why block him? The problem was that Judge Garland's career  didn't reflect a sufficient willingness to bend the law to suit the  needs of the rich and powerful. And for that sin, far-right groups,  financed by Big Business interests, spent millions of dollars attacking  him, to torpedo his nomination and keep that seat open.   They did something else that is even more damaging: Far-right groups  also drew up a list of ``acceptable'' Supreme Court nominees, people  who demonstrated they were sympathetic to the rich and the powerful.  Judge Neil Gorsuch made the cut, and his nomination is their reward.   Judge Gorsuch is intelligent and accomplished. He is polite,  respectful, and articulate. Make no mistake, his professional record,  which I have reviewed in detail, clearly and consistently favors the  interests of big corporations over workers, big corporations over  consumers, and big corporations over pretty much anybody else.   Let's not mince words. The nomination of Judge Gorsuch is a huge gift  to the giant corporations and wealthy individuals who have stolen a  Supreme Court seat in order to make sure that the justice system works  for them. What I am saying shouldn't be controversial. They haven't  made a secret of what they were doing. This is exactly why Judge  Gorsuch has been on their list for 4 months. He is the payoff for their  multimillion-dollar investment.   Throughout his professional career, Judge Gorsuch has shown a truly  remarkable insensitivity to the struggles of working Americans and an  eagerness to side with businesses that break the rules over workers who  are seeking justice.   Even before he became a judge, Judge Gorsuch famously argued in favor  of limiting the ability of investors and shareholders to bring lawsuits  when companies commit fraud, whining about how annoying it is for  billionaire corporations to have to face their investors when they  cheat them.   As a judge for more than a decade, he has twisted himself into a  pretzel to make sure that the rules favor giant companies over workers  and individual Americans. Let me just count some of the ways. He has  sided with employers who deny wages, employers who improperly fire  workers, employers who retaliate against whistleblowers for misconduct.  He has sided with employers who denied retirement benefits to their  workers. He has sided with big insurance companies against disabled  workers who were denied benefits. He has ruled against workers in all  kinds of discrimination cases. He has even argued that the rights of  corporations outweigh the rights of the people working for them, for  example, allowing businesses to assert religious beliefs so they can  limit their employees' access to health care.   Listen to that one again. He thinks that a company can assert a  religious belief and decide whether female employees get access to  birth control. Let's be clear. That means a lot of employees will be  living at the whim of their employers.   Judge Gorsuch has written dismissively about lawsuits to vindicate  the rights of vulnerable people. Equal marriage? Assisted suicide? Keep  those issues out of his courtroom.   He is willing to open the doors wide when big corporations show up in  his court to challenge health and safety rules they don't like or  regulations to prevent them from polluting our air and water, poisoning  our food, undermining our public safety, or just plain cheating people.  When that happens, Judge Gorsuch is ready to go, to override the rules  with his own views. On that score, he is even more extreme than Justice  Scalia.   This is exactly the type of Supreme Court Justice that giant  corporations want, but they have never been quite so brazen about it.  Spending millions to slime a consensus straight shooter nominee like  Merrick Garland and steal a Supreme Court seat, then drawing up a  public list of ``acceptable'' alternatives and handing it over to a  billionaire President so he can do his buddies a favor. That is bold.  That is bold, and that is not how America is supposed to work.   Our courts are supposed to be neutral arbiters, dispensing justice  based on the facts and the law, not people chosen to advance the  interests of those at the top.   Let's be clear. This fundamental principle might be more important  today than it has ever been in modern history. Every day our new  President finds more ways to demonstrate his hostility for an  independent judiciary, for a civil society, and for the rule of law.  That is precisely the reason that our Constitution gives us a neutral,  independent judiciary. We don't need Justices who have been handpicked  for their willingness to kowtow to those with money, power, and  influence. We need Justices who will stand up to those with money,  power, and influence.   Judge Gorsuch may occasionally write in vague terms about the  importance of the independent courts. Today, right now, that simply is  not good enough. Now, more than ever, the United States needs a Supreme  Court that puts the law first every single time. That means Justices  with a proven record of standing up for the rights of all Americans-- civil rights, women's rights, LGBTQ rights, and all the protections  guaranteed by our laws.   We cannot stand down when American values and constitutional  principles are attacked. We cannot stand down when the President of the  United States hands our highest Court over to the highest bidder, and  that is why I will oppose Judge Gorsuch's nomination.   Mr. President, I yield.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   