 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3388, the  SELF DRIVE Act. As you may know, autonomous vehicles are the wave of  the future, and they are here now.   As innovative technology for these vehicles develop, our Nation's  transportation system will be transformed, decreasing the number of  traffic collisions, enhancing mobility for the elderly, disabled, and  poor, and lowering fuel consumption.   My constituents in the Ninth Congressional District of New York will  benefit greatly from autonomous vehicles, which will allow for smarter,  faster, and more fuel-efficient travel.   I am pleased that proper cybersecurity protections are included in  the legislation. As you may know, cybersecurity protections for self- driving vehicles is of great interest, particularly in today's  environment, to ensure that these vehicles not only meet technological  challenges, but there is a plan in place to meet public safety  standards and prevent and tackle potential hacks and/or terrorism.   I am so pleased that H.R. 3407, the legislation I introduced with  Congressman Adam Kinzinger is included in H.R. 3388. The cybersecurity  portion of the bill requires manufacturers to develop a written  cybersecurity policy. Within the cybersecurity policy, manufacturers  would address the following: one, a process for identifying, assessing,  and mitigating reasonable foreseeable vulnerabilities from cyber  attacks or unauthorized intrusions; and two, a process for taking  preventive and corrective action to mitigate against these  vulnerabilities, including incident response plans, intrusion  detection, and prevention systems that safeguard key controls, systems,  and procedures through testing and/or monitoring.   This legislation requires companies to develop a more comprehensive  cybersecurity plan, which can mitigate, correct, intersect, and  identify imminent threats. Fostering consumer confidence will include  ensuring an established system built to protect sensitive information  in our technological age. I am pleased to be a Member of this  committee.   