 Mr. President, in 2 days, unless Congress acts, the  Federal Perkins Loan Program--the Nation's oldest Federal student loan  program--will expire, leaving thousands of students with one fewer  option to help them afford a higher education.   Since 1958, the Perkins Loan Program has existed with broad  bipartisan support and has provided millions of students a stronger  path to the middle class.   In the 2016 to 2017 academic year, the program has served more than  770,000 students with financial need across more than 1,400  institutions of higher education. In my home State of Wisconsin alone,  Perkins provided aid to more than 23,000 students who are working hard  to achieve their dreams.   Colleges and universities are invested in Perkins. This program  operates through campus-based revolving funds that combine prior  Federal investments with significant institutional resources. While  Congress stopped appropriating new funds for Perkins more than a decade  ago, these schools continue to invest in this program because they know  it works, and the campus-based nature of the program allows them to  target aid to students they know are in the greatest financial need.   I am here to call on all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  the extension of this critical program and investment in our students  across America.   Two years ago, we allowed this important program to lapse, but thanks  to the tireless efforts of students, institutions, advocates, and a  bicameral, bipartisan majority in support of Perkins, we were able to  advance a compromise that ensured that this source of support continued  to be available to students in need.   Once again, we are facing a deadline. Once again, there is strong  bipartisan  [[Page S6198]]  support for extending the Perkins Loan Program. Last week, Senators  Portman, Casey, and Collins joined me in introducing the Perkins Loan  Program Extension Act, which would provide for a 2-year extension. My  fellow Wisconsinite, Representative Mark Pocan, together with New York  Representative Elise Stefanik, have introduced a House companion bill  that is supported by over 225 of their colleagues--a bipartisan  majority in that Chamber.   I am here to call on my colleagues to act once again and support a 2- year extension of the Perkins Loan Program. And while I look forward to  a broader conversation about improving Federal supports for students as  we look to reauthorize the Higher Education Act, we cannot once again  sit by and watch it expire as America's students are left with  uncertainty.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1808, a bill to extend the  Federal Perkins Loan Program for 2 years; that the Senate proceed to  its immediate consideration and the bill be considered read a third  time and passed, with no intervening action or debate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?    Mr. President, I am certainly disappointed that my  effort to extend the Perkins Loan Program today was just blocked by my  Republican colleague, but I want to say that it is an honor to serve on  the HELP Committee, where we do some very impressive bipartisan work.   I understand the Senator's concern about the program and his belief  that we must simplify. I share his desire to work on a broader  reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, and I look forward to that  broader conversation about our Federal financial aid programs. However,  I do not think it is right or fair to end this program, with nothing to  replace it, to the detriment of students in need.   Also, I cannot agree that the compromise we hammered out 2 years ago  was an agreement to wind down the program. I guess it is the  perspective that we each bring to this subject, because I believed we  were acting to ensure that the Perkins Loan Program could continue  until we could discuss changes, improvements, and reforms to it and all  Federal financial aid programs as part of broader legislation to  improve higher education. We have yet to get to that bigger  conversation, and it would once again be unfair to let this program end  now without the benefit of a holistic assessment of the many ways the  Federal Government helps to make college affordable for students across  this country.  [[Page S6199]]    I will continue to fight to extend this support for America's  students, and I hope the chairman of the committee will once again work  with me and the bipartisan supporters of this program to find a path  forward for the Perkins Loan Program.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   