 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to  H.R. 1367.    Mr. Chairman, under this legislation, the VA would  create a database to help match qualified job applicants to critical  open positions in order to more quickly fill those vacancies.   My amendment is simple. It requires the VA to include mental health  positions in that database, allowing it to better serve veterans with  critical needs by ensuring that the VA uses all available tools to  recruit and hire qualified mental health professionals in a timely and  effective manner.   The VA faces a critical shortage of mental health professionals,  including psychiatrists, psychologists, mental health counselors, and  peer support specialists. These providers care for our veterans with  behavioral health needs that include post-traumatic stress disorder,  military sexual trauma, and substance use disorder. Too many of our  veterans must wait to receive the mental health care we have promised  to them, and some might never receive needed care at all.   In my home State of New Hampshire, we are fighting a fentanyl,  heroin, and prescription opioid crisis that is disproportionately  affecting the veteran community. Rates of opioid-use disorder among  veterans rose 55 percent between 2010 and 2015, and overdose rates for  prescription opioids are twice as high as the national average among  veterans getting care at the VA. Increasing mental health provider  capacity will allow more of these veterans to enter treatment and,  ultimately, recover.   Our veterans deserve to be treated by professionals who fully  understand the veteran experience and veteran-specific mental health  conditions. That is why it is so important for veterans to have the  option to receive specialized mental health care from VA mental health  professionals who have the training that will allow them to build  trust.   In fact, only 13 percent of non-VA mental health providers meet the  criteria to deliver veteran-centric mental  [[Page H2162]]  health care, according to RAND. That is why it is so important to hire  and retain mental health professionals within the VA.   Right now, there are several open mental health positions at our  local VA Medical Center. They seek to hire clinical staff and a mental  health service line manager, but are finding it hard to locate  qualified applicants. My amendment will make it easier for the VA to  find such applicants and match them with the open positions that we  need filled.   There is an urgent need to address this problem. Every day, 20  veterans commit suicide. MST, opioid, PTSD--these are all crises we  need to address. The time to act is now. Please vote ``yes'' on this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   