 Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member, Mr. Brady, for  his steadfast support on this issue; the chairman, Mr. Harper, who has  moved swiftly to address this issue; and also my colleague,  Congresswoman Comstock, for bringing this resolution to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I have been working on this issue since 2014. I am so  delighted that we are here today taking up this measure. As we take  this up, I hope that we remember that training must be more than an  online module. It must be in person, interactive, specific to  congressional workplace issues, and taken seriously.   Today's bill is an important step in the right direction, but let's  not fool ourselves. It is a baby step. Let us not, to paraphrase  Shakespeare, tread the primrose path while leaving survivors to  struggle the steep and thorny way to justice.   We are in the midst of a cultural revolution. We are elected  Representatives of the American people, and we must not hesitate to do  what is needed to fix this broken system.   Seventy percent of those who are sexually harassed never report it.  They never report it. One woman came up to me as I was walking the  Halls of Congress to thank me. She said that she was on this very floor  working late in the evening on a particular bill. A Member came up  behind her, grinding up against her, and then stuck his tongue in her  ear. That happened on this floor, with Members probably standing  around. So we do have a problem, and we must address it.   Unfortunately, due to the system Congress has created to protect  itself from being exposed, there has been no accountability. It is now  clear that this misguided attempt to protect the institution is instead  harming it and leaving victims in its wake.   We work in a very special place, a trusted place, but let me be very  clear: we are not special. The outcry for accountability that we are  hearing from all corners of the country must be heeded. We are seeing  titans of entertainment, news, and every other business be swiftly  terminated. Yet, here in Congress, we hide behind due process niceties  when, in reality, we have constructed a system that shields us from  true accountability.   Did Harvey Weinstein or Matt Lauer receive months of due process  before being terminated?   When do we simply believe the victims and provide them a fair and  safe process to report and get justice? Then we have got to decide: Is  one occurrence worthy of expulsion? Two? Three?   These are thorny issues. We don't like to come down on our friends  and colleagues. I get that. But don't we have a moral responsibility to  victims, to society at large?   When the CEO of a major company is fired because of sexual  harassment, the board of directors doesn't say: Let's wait until the  shareholders can meet and decide.   Well, colleagues, our board of directors are the American people, and  they are loud and clear. They do not want us to hide behind opaque  decisions by the House Administration or Ethics Committees. They do not  want to pay for our inability to keep our hands to ourselves. They want  accountability and transparency, and they want it now.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, but to also join me in  taking Congress from a cruel and disgusting joke to a leader in  workplace fairness. I know we can do better than this. The American  people know we can do better than this. We must rise to the challenge.   