 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Madam Speaker, this is the final  amendment to H.R. 36, which will not kill the bill or send it back to  committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final  passage, as amended.   Madam Speaker, as many of my colleagues know, I am a mom. I have two  wonderful children. I am so very proud of them because both of them  have decided to pursue careers that will save lives. My daughter,  Hannah, currently lives in Africa, working for an NGO to fight poverty  and AIDS. My son, Fred, is a doctor at Northwestern.   Looking around this room, I see many other moms. We know the amazing  joy that comes with parenthood. Most of us have been fortunate that our  children were born without complications. Unfortunately, for some  women, this is not always the case.   Throughout this debate, Members have been sharing the stories of  women who wanted to be moms, but who found themselves in unimaginable  situations and who were forced to make one of the most gut-wrenching  decisions of their lives--whether to terminate her pregnancy due to  health risks.   This is much like one woman from Michigan, who I will call Pam.   Pam was already raising children and was excited and proud to be  pregnant with another child. But Pam's pregnancy was causing her heart  to fail. She consulted with multiple specialists, who all told her that  her own health was in jeopardy if the pregnancy continued.  [[Page H7726]]    Pam's doctors advised her that the safest option was to terminate the  pregnancy. But it was a very difficult decision for Pam and her family  to make, as anyone in this room can surely imagine.   Pam, of course, had to think about her children, her family, and her  own life. Imagine what that decision must be like. Just take a moment  and think about that.   Now, imagine finding out that politicians in Washington, D.C., have  told Pam that she was not allowed to make that decision on her own,  with her family. Imagine that: politicians putting her health in  jeopardy, telling a woman and her family that the government was going  to criminalize a doctor providing her care, that her children might not  have a mother while growing up. That is what this bill would do.   As currently written, H.R. 36 shows no concern for the long-term  health of the mother, her future ability to bear children, or her  ability to care for her family. This bill would force women to carry  pregnancies to term, even when their health is at risk. Even if the  fetus has no chance of survival, this bill would require a woman to go  to full term. Imagine what that would be like.   Madam Speaker, my amendment simply adds the health of the mother to  the existing exemptions in this bill.   Without my amendment, H.R. 36 devalues the health and well-being of  women and puts their life at risk. It tells our mothers, our daughters,  our nieces, and our granddaughters that decisions about their long-term  health are not their own.   This is not the first bill that has been brought to the floor that  shows disregard for women and their families. This bill fits a  disturbing pattern.   Just this year, the House has considered legislation that tells women  that they need to get their employer's permission if they want  affordable birth control.   The House has considered bills that would eliminate women's essential  health benefits, like maternity care and mammograms.   The House has considered legislation to cut funding for women's  healthcare centers.   The House has also considered legislation that would allow insurance  companies to charge women higher premiums and label pregnancy as a  preexisting condition.   Tomorrow, we will consider a budget that decimates programs that are  critical to the health and welfare of women and families so that we can  give a massive tax cut to the wealthiest 1 percent.   Just take one moment to think about those priorities.   Madam Speaker, bills like this one disrespect and devalue women. I  urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the motion to recommit, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   