 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce; Ranking Member  Engel; and, in this case, especially Congressman Albio Sires, the  ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, for once  again helping to bring another important bipartisan Foreign Affairs  measure to the House floor.    Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of the Protecting Girls' Access  to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act. My good friend, Steve Chabot,  has been a real leader in Congress when it comes to ensuring that girls  around the world have the opportunity to achieve a better future for  themselves through access to education.   Mr. Speaker, I am a former Florida certified teacher. I understand  the value of education. Mr. Sires from New Jersey is also a former  teacher. We heard from Mr. Chabot, who is also a former teacher. We  understand how important education is to future success.   Right now, sadly, Mr. Speaker, there are 65 million displaced people  around the world, and about half of that population is under 18. This  bill before us prioritizes State and USAID efforts to support access to  primary and secondary education for displaced children, with a  specificity to helping displaced girls.   Unfortunately, sometimes young girls fall victim to exploitation, to  trafficking, or they get married off, sold off, without having the  opportunity to determine their own future; something that we might take  for granted in this glorious country. That is why Mr. Chabot's bill is  so important. We need to reach out to those young girls. We need to  have them have access to primary and secondary education so that they  can increase their own chances for a prosperous future, Mr. Speaker.   Access to education, I know, empowers young people, and it will  especially empower young girls. It will offer them a chance at  socioeconomic opportunities that heretofore have been closed to them.  It offers them stability. It offers them empowerment.   Mr. Speaker, we have got to pass Mr. Chabot's bill. We have got to do  more to ensure that displaced people, especially young girls, have  access to education. I urge my colleagues to support this important  measure. I urge our partners in responsible nations around the world to  join us in prioritizing our efforts toward access to education for all.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel, and I especially thank  my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. Sires).    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill,  H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act, also known as  the NICA Act, and I want to thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel for working with my office to bring this important measure to the  floor today.   I also want to thank my legislative ``brother,'' ``mi hermano,'' the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Sires), who is the Democratic lead on  this legislation, because his leadership on all things related to human  rights is admirable, and his steadfast support for the people of  Nicaragua has been unwavering.   I also want to thank the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee Chairman  Jeff Duncan. He has been helping us in leading the effort and bringing  attention to the human rights abuses that are sadly occurring in  Nicaragua.   This legislation before us, Mr. Speaker, is straightforward, and it  is simple. There have been a lot of exaggerations about what this bill  does and what this bill doesn't do.   Our bill is aimed at leveraging America's influence and conditioning  our vote at any of the international financial institutions for  Nicaragua until the leadership in that country takes significant steps  to restore democratic order.   I think that we would all agree, as Members of the United States  Congress, that to have democracies in our region is beneficial; and to  have strong governance and strong rule of law and a strong independent  judiciary, these are all values that we share and that the people  throughout the hemisphere would like to have that in their countries as  well.   So let's go over, just briefly, what are some of the conditions in  this bill. And please, as I go through them, ask yourself: Is that a  damaging condition, or is that something that would help the people?  Not whether it helps the ruling class, the rich guys, the fat-cat  bankers, not whether it helps the regime or the government in power,  whether it helps the people of those countries.   So let me go through the list, Mr. Speaker. This bill has as  conditions:   To promote democracy. Promoting democracy, promoting an independent  judicial system. Those are wonderful values. Promoting an independent  electoral council, so that the ruling party doesn't steal elections;   Strengthen the rule of law so that you don't have corrupt judges  deciding in favor of the rich guys and against the poor of the country;   Fighting corruption, including investigating and prosecuting  government officials who are credibly alleged to be corrupt, who go  against the people of Nicaragua and further enrich those who wish to do  damage to the country.   What else does the bill do? Well, one of the conditions is that it  protects the right of political opposition parties. Don't we want that,  political opposition parties; journalists who are trying to get the  truth to the Nicaraguan people just as they do here to the American  people; trade unionists; human rights defenders and other civil rights  advocates to operate without interference. Isn't that what we want for  all countries to have?    These conditions, Mr. Speaker, they are not unheard of; in fact, they  are similar to what this country has already passed, what this Congress  has already passed for the Northern Triangle countries of Honduras, of  Guatemala, and of El Salvador. And now we want to do that for  Nicaragua, so it is intended to help the people of Nicaragua.   This bill has safeguards in place to ensure that humanitarian  assistance continues to be provided to address basic human needs.  Humanitarian assistance will continue.   Some of those basic needs that we talked about, such as free and fair  elections, they are not being met today due to the failed leadership in  Nicaragua. And who does that help? Well, it helps the leaders, and it  hurts the people when you don't have free and fair elections. We want  to help the people of Nicaragua.   Now, reports have surfaced that the Nicaraguan electoral council is  giving away identity cards, so that minors, underage individuals can be  allowed to vote. Nicaraguans who are not on the electoral rolls are  also being allowed to vote.   What does that mean, Mr. Speaker? It means that there will be no way  to determine if the individual voted more than once, and that is  exactly how the status quo wants it; the fat-cats, they like it so that  they can stay there and they can manipulate the results of the  elections.   We are also seeing civil society leaders publicly expressing their  concern regarding the deterioration of human rights in Nicaragua. As a  result of speaking out against the government, they have been targeted  for persecution. You speak out against the government, you are going to  have some false charges thrown at you.   And what about the indigenous communities? They have also expressed  their concern regarding land grabs by the government. Violence is  breaking out as the Nicaraguan military is being dispatched to squash  the peaceful protests by these indigenous communities.   So let us not forget, Mr. Speaker, just what kind of leadership  structure we are dealing with in Nicaragua. The Russians have set up  operations in Managua, they are proud of it, they put it in the front  pages, and that poses a threat to U.S. national security interests.    Mr. Speaker, Nicaragua continues to offer its  unconditional support to Nicolas Maduro and his dictatorial regime in  Venezuela. And according to congressional testimony, Venezuela's  entity, PDVSA, has also used its subsidiary in Nicaragua, which is  called Albanisa--and I will give the exact letters of those names--to  launder money.   So, Mr. Speaker, if Venezuela's Maduro is using Nicaragua in order to  evade U.S. sanctions, we need to take a closer look at these ties. We  need to hold people accountable because all of that hurts the people of  Venezuela and the people of Nicaragua. It helps the government, but it  doesn't help the people.   That is what this bill does. We want to hold the Nicaraguan  Government accountable, just like we have done in other countries, as I  said, in Central America. This is not something new, out of whole  cloth, that we have invented. It has worked, and it has truly helped  the people.   Now, earlier this year, Mr. Sires and I, we traveled to Honduras, we  traveled to Guatemala, and we saw firsthand how conditioning our  support for these countries works and has been extremely effective.   Has it hurt those countries? It has not. It has worked. It has  strengthened their democracy. It has strengthened the rule of law, the  independent judiciary.   So placing conditions incentivizes countries to do the right thing,  and it makes institutional reforms, as needed, to improve the  livelihood of their citizens.   So I know that the Nicaraguan Government does not like this bill, but  I tell you, Mr. Speaker, the people of Nicaragua would like to know  that the United States Congress stands with them as they call for  reforms that promote democracy, that strengthen the  [[Page H7704]]  rule of law, that fight corruption, and that protect the rights of all  political opposition parties, and that is exactly what this bill does.   