 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this misguided bill. This bill will prevent people who have a  legitimate right to healthcare from accessing it and will harm them,  and it is for reasons that are completely unjustified.   Currently, taxpayers must provide a Social Security number or tax  I.D. number in order to qualify for a premium tax credit for  healthcare. While the taxpayer's citizenship and immigration status are  verified, they are given a 90-day grace period in which to prove their  legal status.   This grace period was put into place to ensure that people do not  lose critical healthcare coverage and continue to have it while their  paperwork is cleared. This bill would remove this safeguard and make it  more difficult for numerous people to obtain health insurance. That  could be a matter of life or death.   This bill would certainly create barriers for immigrants who are here  legally. It would also create barriers for U.S. citizens who have  complications with their Social Security numbers. This includes people  who recently change their name after marriage, have an error in their  records, were born abroad, or were victims of human trafficking. It  would also affect newborns, who do not get their Social Security number  right away.   Republicans claim that reports released by the GAO and the Senate  Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee were proof of  immigrants defrauding the government, but neither of these reports back  up this claim.   First of all, the GAO report was actually a test to identify  vulnerabilities  [[Page H4881]]  for fraud in the system. They did not find instances of immigrants  committing fraud for healthcare subsidies. The Senate report found that  500,000 individuals did not complete their verification process and  were, thus, deemed ineligible for subsidies.   The author of today's bill takes this information and leaps to the  conclusion that all those who did not complete the process were  undocumented immigrants and were attempting to commit fraud, but there  is nothing in either report to substantiate this. In fact, the ACA  requires undocumented immigrants or anybody who does receive subsidies  in error to pay back every cent on their tax return at the end of the  year.   This bill seeks to address a problem that does not exist. Instead, it  would harm people by denying or delaying health insurance subsidies to  people who need them. This is wrong. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``no.''   