 Mr. President, I say to my colleague from the great  State of Washington, I do know where Gonzaga is, and I am with you. As  a graduate from the Gonzaga School of Law, we are going to the final  four, and this time we are going to win. I am very excited.   Congratulations to the players, the coach, and to everyone at the  school.   Mr. President, I take the floor today to urge my colleagues across  the aisle to stand up for their constituents and vote against the  measure on the floor, which will restrict access to safe, affordable,  basic healthcare to millions of Americans across this country. This  measure will allow States to discriminate against title X family  planning clinics for no other reason than petty partisan politics that  degrade women's access to healthcare and turn it into a Republican  talking point.   These clinics provide essential family planning and health services  to millions of American women, men, and families--many of whom are poor  and low-income and in rural areas. This measure will cause these  families to suffer by limiting their access to healthcare.   In my home State of Nevada, there are 23 clinics that risk losing  funds as a result of this measure. These clinics are in Nevada's major  cities and in our rural areas, like Hawthorne, Lovelock, Pahrump,  Tonopah, Ely, Winnemucca, and Fallon. For many families in our rural  areas, these clinics are the only healthcare facilities where they can  access family planning services, as well as basic primary and  preventive healthcare services.   The votes today empower States to discriminate against providers and,  in turn, threaten the health and safety of the men, women, and families  who rely on these clinics for basic and, at times, lifesaving services.  We should be promoting access to healthcare, especially for our  vulnerable communities. We should be expanding access to care,  especially for Americans living in rural areas.   Republicans' actions today are an affront to American women and  families. Their political agenda and shortsighted approach will do  nothing but cause harm to Americans. It is time for Republicans to stop  playing politics with women's health and actually put Americans' health  and safety first.   I yield the floor.   