 Mr. President, I thank my good friend the Senator from  Minnesota. She just exists to the east of me. We share a common border,  but we also share a common belief that Washington is not devoid of  ideas. Somehow, it has just lost the capacity to bring those ideas to  fruition. As my great friend the Senator from Minnesota can attest,  there are hundreds--  [[Page S3312]]  and probably thousands--of great ideas for small business, for workers,  for improving the economic conditions of people in this country that  are here, ready for debate, and ready for passage.   What is not a formula for success for America is the budget. The  President's budget would devastate rural communities. I am not given to  hyperbole, and I am not given to exaggeration, but the absolute, bare  fact is that this budget will decimate economic opportunity not only  for American agriculture but for economic opportunity and security for  rural communities.   When we think about North Dakota, it is hard to imagine a State that  most of the people in this country would imagine more equated with  rural America. I tease Amy many times when I tell her: Oh, it is coming  up from the Cities, because our big opportunity to travel and to see  the sites of the big city really is Minneapolis and St. Paul. But a lot  of Minnesota--a lot of western Minnesota in particular, the area that I  know about--is engaged in agriculture, and we share a common border,  but we share a common purpose.   I wanted to start off by saying that in North Dakota, we understand  the value of rural communities. We understand the value of investing in  agriculture and infrastructure and how important those things are to  boosting our local economy. We see the direct impacts of it on our  families, businesses, and towns.   Most of us--me included--come from towns of fewer than 100 people. In  fact, I am proud to say that growing up, there were nine people in my  family, and my family was one-tenth of the population of the small town  I lived in. We are proud of that. We are proud of our rural roots, and  we are proud that from those life experiences growing up, we learned a  lot about compromise, we learned a lot about work ethic, and we learned  a lot about the importance of community and working together.   We also learned a lot about the importance of investment. Without  critical investment, our rural communities are at risk, and I think  that could have dramatic and drastic ramifications for our State, our  counties, our families, and our neighbors. Instead of lifting up rural  communities, the Presidential budget pushes us down.   Rural communities and the jobs there--including agriculture--are  vital to many of the families I know but really families across the  country. There are over 30,000 farmers and ranchers in North Dakota who  lead the country in producing spring wheat, durum, sunflowers, canola,  dry edible beans, flax, honey, and many more specialty crops and grain  crops. These farmers feed North Dakota, our country, and the world.   In 2015, agriculture contributed more than $9.1 billion to my State's  economy. That may not seem like a lot when we are talking about  California, but that is a huge amount when we are talking about North  Dakota.   About one-third of North Dakota's jobs are directly tied to  agriculture. There are implement dealers, veterinarians, agriculture  retailers, and many more who are closely associated with agribusiness.  There are countless other jobs that support these rural communities,  such as teachers, firefighters, police officers, and more.   Since the election, there has been a great deal of talk in Washington  about rural America. I think rural America reared up its head in this  past election and said ``We are not to be forgotten'' and they believed  they had secured an advocate in Washington in this current  administration, only to be basically told otherwise by a Presidential  budget.   So what does the budget mean, and why should we pay attention to it?  I think the first thing we need to know about a budget is that it is  about priorities. It is really a values document. Unfortunately, the  President's budget shows that the administration doesn't value North  Dakota or really, in fact, rural America. In fact, it targets both.   Today I want to talk a little bit more specifically about how  devastating this budget would be for rural communities across my State  and across the country.   This budget would slash USDA's budget by over 21 percent, cutting  $231 billion from funding from the farm bill over the next decade. It  would specifically cut $29 billion--$29 billion--from crop insurance  over the next decade. This is crop insurance our farmers rely on,  especially at a time of challenging weather and low commodity prices.  Crop insurance helps prevent family farms from going under when  disaster strikes. Without an affordable crop insurance program, a  drought or a flood could wipe out the wealth of an entire family and  basically bankrupt a family farm.   When ranchers and farmers do well, North Dakota does well, and so  will all the rest of the country. To challenge these farmers with a  crop insurance program that will be nonexistent is to take away the  opportunity for food security in this country--food security that is so  closely linked and important to national security.   By drastically reducing field staff, the President's budget also  prevents USDA from achieving its mission to support rural communities.  The budget calls for reducing staffing levels at USDA by 5,200  employees. Nearly 2,500 of those employees are with the Farm Service  Agency, Rural Development, and Natural Resources. What does that mean?  The Farm Service Agency's caseloads have increased in North Dakota, and  the current hiring ban has hampered efforts to administer the farm  programs--those efforts which are critical to farmers as they make  their business decisions.   I can't tell my colleagues the number of times farmers across my  State have come up to me and said how grateful they are that the Farm  Service Agency is available in their county and available to them to  provide advice and much needed documentation on their decisionmaking on  how they are going to implement the farm program.   In fact, I tease those farmers a little bit, because they always say:  You know, that Farm Service gal--usually a woman who has been with the  Agency over decades and knows that farm as well as that farmer, and  when that farmer walks through the door to get that advice and to get  that number, they know that not only do they have a friend sitting  across the table from them--probably a neighbor--they also have an  advocate sitting across the table. We don't want to lose that  connection to this vital service, the Farm Service Agency, by making  this about picking up the phone and pressing buttons and talking to  someone who would barely even understand or even know North Dakota or  the county the farmer is in. So at a time when farmers and ranchers are  already experiencing low commodity prices, these cuts to the Farm  Service Agency would limit the ability of that Agency to provide  timely, accurate, and useful services to our family farmers and our  ranchers.   The budget would create huge challenges for rural healthcare. On top  of the $800-plus billion taken out of the Medicaid Program by the  Republican healthcare bill, this budget would also cut $610 billion  from Medicaid by reducing it to a block grant program.   Medicaid is a lifesaving, cost-effective program that enables more  than 90,000 seniors, individuals and children with disabilities, and  low-income families to get affordable, quality care.   I want my colleagues to think about the enormous challenge of  delivering healthcare in a sparsely populated area. One of the  challenges my rural healthcare providers have not had in the last many  years since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act is  uncompensated care. But when we go back to uncompensated care, on top  of operating on razor-thin margins, we are now going to say that not  only are you operating on razor-thin margins, but you are not going to  have your bills paid, making it impossible for you to meet payroll and  impossible for you to continue to provide these resources.   So we have real challenges in rural healthcare as a result of this  budget and the Republican proposal.   The President's budget also cuts nearly $400 million in Federal funds  for substance abuse prevention and behavioral health workforce training  programs at the same time that every part of this country--particularly  rural parts of our country--is facing opioid abuse. In North Dakota  alone, fatalities from opioid abuse have grown 125 percent.   I met just yesterday with the North Dakota Medical Association, which  told me that every day this week in Fargo, ND, there has been a death  as a  [[Page S3313]]  result of overdoses. It is hard to imagine that is happening in our  rural communities in places like North Dakota, but it is.   I talked to a healthcare provider in Dickinson, ND, who told me that  while his average percentage of Medicaid recipients in his hospital is  about 15 to 20 percent, as it relates to opioids and behavior and  mental health, it is well over 60, bordering on 70 percent. So the  population, without Medicaid dollars, would not be able to get  important rehabilitation and treatment services.   Last week, I also visited one of our rural airports that are  dependent on the Essential Air Service. That is absolutely critical to  maintaining air service in Jamestown, in Devil's Lake, and now in  Dickinson, which has gone back to Essential Air Service after years of  not needing that support because of the growth in the Bakken oilfield.   Last week, while talking to the folks in Dickinson, they told me  there are 475 jobs which are dependent on the airport, which helped  generate $76.6 million for the area in 2015. The Dickinson Airport  would receive about $4.2 million in assistance from the Essential Air  Service each year, but when we look at how that investment pays off in  terms of dividends, it seems like a small price to pay.   It would eliminate funding to protect water programs and  infrastructure in rural areas which have improved water and wastewater  systems for more than 40 North Dakota towns, Tribal reservations, and  water districts since 2010.   This budget would also eliminate the Community Development Block  Grant Program, which helped the State of North Dakota improve housing  conditions for low- and moderate-income families with $4.9 million in  investments in 2016.   It would eliminate the Economic Development Administration, which has  provided over $34 million in investments since 2009 to local economic  development organizations in North Dakota, particularly those in rural  towns.   The list goes on and on and on. We haven't talked about the reduction  in services for export markets. We haven't talked about research  reductions at USDA and what that would mean. We haven't talked about  eliminating trade assistance. All of these things have huge  consequences for large pieces of the United States of America.   What I would say to the administration is that rural America expects  better. Rural America thought they were going to get better than this.  Rural America has enough challenges. We have volatile commodity prices,  healthcare shortages, declining populations, and I will tell my  colleagues that today in North Dakota, there is a potential disaster  from drought. The President's budget would not only not help rural  America thrive, it would only make matters worse.   Rather than taking an ax to proven, successful programs that  strengthen our rural communities, we need strong investments in rural  communities, jobs, and families, that help support North Dakota's  future.   With this budget, the administration's priorities are clear for  everyone to see. It is now Congress's job to set spending priorities  and fund programs in rural America to a level so that we know rural  America can not only survive but can thrive.   North Dakota needs and deserves a strong voice at the table. I will  make sure that we tell the story of all of these programs, that we tell  the story of how critically important these programs are to maintaining  our opportunity to produce food in our country but also to raise our  children in rural settings. It is beyond belief to me that we are in  this situation given the level of support that rural America provided  to this administration and to this President during the last election.   We know we can do better, and we will do better. We know we can't  waste money. We know we have to deploy these valuable resources in ways  that actually produce results. I can show my colleagues result after  result after result and the importance of providing these services so  that rural communities can thrive.   I will close with this: A little-known fact is that so many of our  rural communities today are the most impoverished places in America.  When people think of poverty, they think of inner city poverty, they  think of other pieces of America they have seen, but we know that the  rates of poverty, the rates of challenges in terms of healthcare,  education--those challenges are much greater in rural America. The last  thing we need to do is saddle rural America with a 500-pound rock, put  it on their backs, and still expect them to thrive. This budget is a  500-pound rock on the backs of our farmers who work every day to put  food on their table, but more importantly, work every day to feed  America.   With that, I yield the floor and turn it back to my friend from the  State of Minnesota.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   