 Mr. President, the judges Donald Trump appoints to  lifetime positions on our Federal courts will be a lasting legacy, and  he is determined to do whatever it takes to place as many nominees with  an ideologically driven agenda on the bench as possible.   Today the Senate is debating whether to give Gregory Katsas a  lifetime appointment to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC  Circuit. Throughout his career, including as Deputy White House Counsel  under Donald Trump and as a senior official in the Justice Department  under George W. Bush, Mr. Katsas has demonstrated a profound  conservative bias that is inappropriate for service on the country's  second most important court.   As Deputy White House Counsel, Mr. Katsas has been deeply involved in  crafting the legal justification for many of the Trump administration's  most controversial policies. He also played a key role in deciding  which court cases the administration would support or oppose and  recommending candidates for various executive and judicial  appointments.   The legal issues he has managed, the advice he has given, and the  appointments he has recommended raise serious concerns about whether he  should receive a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench.   In the early days of the administration, Mr. Katsas participated in  crafting the legal justification for the President's Muslim ban, a  policy at odds with the Constitution and our values as a nation. Mr.  Katsas has also been involved in orchestrating the administration's  opposition to LGBTQ rights in the courts. In particular, he openly  admits his role in the Justice Department's decision to argue in a case  before the Second Circuit that title VII in the Civil Rights Act of  1964 does not prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual  orientation. This position is inconsistent with the Equal Employment  Opportunity Commission's 2015 guidance and with a recent en banc  decision from the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.   During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Katsas testified that he was  involved in the administration's decision to file an amicus brief in  the Supreme Court case of Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Civil Rights  Commission. He thus supports the position that a private business  [[Page S7344]]  should be able to refuse to sell a wedding cake to a gay couple.   By elevating a corporation's religious views over the rights of their  customers, Mr. Katsas and the Trump administration argued that  businesses should be able to say that their work is an expression of  their religious beliefs. This would allow them to discriminate against  certain customers and turn our system of antidiscrimination protections  in public accommodations on its head. These actions and positions  should disqualify Mr. Katsas from serving on the DC Circuit.   But there is more.   We can also trace his record of pushing a partisan, ideological  agenda during his time in the Bush Justice Department. In Hamdan v.  Rumsfeld, Mr. Katsas argued that the military commissions the Bush  administration established after 9/11 were legal and consistent with  the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the Geneva Conventions. In  Boumediene v. Bush, Mr. Katsas also argued that people deemed enemy  combatants and detained at Guantanamo could not challenge their  detention on habeas corpus grounds. The Supreme Court repudiated these  arguments in their landmark decisions in both cases.   Mr. Katsas was also the public face of the Bush administration's  opposition to the Native Hawaiian Government Reorganization Act, also  known as the Akaka bill. As the Principal Deputy Associate Attorney  General in the Bush administration, Mr. Katsas testified in Congress  that the Akaka bill was unconstitutional. He went so far as to say that  it would ``create a race-based government offensive to our Nation's  commitment to equal justice and the elimination of racial distinctions  in law.''   What was really offensive was that his testimony was legally wrong  and insulting to a Native people, the Native Hawaiians. In rebuttal, a  bipartisan trio of highly respected former DOJ officials said in  written testimony that Mr. Katsas failed to provide a credible and  coherent legal argument against the Akaka bill. They argued that his  testimony presented ``a caricatured view of the text of [the bill] and  the governing law, and should not be considered an authoritative guide  for resolving legal disputes in this area.''   I agree. The Akaka bill did not confer status to a group of people  based on race and ancestry. It did so by virtue of residency and  sovereignty. With no grounding in fact or law, Mr. Katsas advocated  treating Native Hawaiians differently from other indigenous people.   Mr. Katsas' position on Native Hawaiian rights is of particular  concern at a time when the DC Circuit could hear legal challenges to  the 2016 Interior Department rule through which the Native Hawaiian  community could reestablish a government-to-government relationship  with the Federal Government.   Mr. Katsas has a disturbing record of pushing a partisan conservative  agenda not based on sound law that has no place in the DC Circuit. We  cannot simply ignore his record and decouple his past actions from the  person responsible for them. Mr. Katsas has clear policy preferences  that are red flags as to how he will decide cases should he be  confirmed to this lifetime position.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   