 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition  to this use of the Congressional Review Act to repeal the Social  Security Administration's rule strengthening the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System. The rule in question implements  already-existing law to establish a commonsense streamlining of  information which will help improve our background check system for gun  purchases.   It is important to note that individuals with disabilities are  actually more likely to be victims than perpetrators of gun violence,  which is why I support more far-reaching gun safety measures like  universal background checks and a ban on the most dangerous weapons.    However, when there have been instances of mass shootings committed  by those with a history of mental health issues, top Republicans,  including Speaker Ryan, have stood on this very floor to say that they  believe we should focus on mental health issues. Well, this is their  chance to prove that those were not just empty words; but, instead,  they are showing their true loyalties and again resisting any attempt  to strengthen basic safeguards to ensure responsible gun ownership.   This is a commonsense regulation that sets a high bar for referring  names to the background check system. No one's rights are unduly  restricted. An appeals process has been built in to afford due process.  So it is clear that my Republican colleagues concerns' are not about  safety, but about maximizing profits for gun manufacturers, even if it  costs the lives of fellow Americans.   And worse, they are using the restrictive Congressional Review Act to  do so. This will not only make it easier for even those with severe  mental health issues to buy a gun, but it will also take the option for  writing similar rules off the table forever, tying the hands of all  future administrations.   This is reckless. Gun deaths are a daily scourge in our country, and  it is up to us to do whatever we can to mitigate the risk of the  dangerous weapons in the wrong hands. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``no'' on this resolution.   