 I thank Senator Hatch for beginning this colloquy. I  am so proud to be a cochair of the Rare Disease Caucus with him, and I  share my colleague's concerns. I think there must be improvements that  are made. I  [[Page S1617]]  continue to be inspired by the families across my State, your State,  and our country who work so hard to make it easier for kids to have  access to drugs to treat their illnesses. Unfortunately, we haven't yet  achieved all we can do for these families, and I have heard time and  again about the emotional roller coaster that many of them have  experienced when they interact with the Federal Government on new  approaches for these rare disease conditions. Too often they are  unaware when drugs are under review or confused about why experts or  patients are not even consulted. The individuals suffering from these  conditions and their families need greater clarity about the process  for evaluating and approving these drugs, and they ought to be included  and informed every step of the way.   It is critical that treatments that do exist for those with rare  conditions be accessible and affordable. We must continue to protect  the individuals from discrimination in insurance coverage and work to  bring down costs. We have to ensure that incentives designed to spur  the development and accessibility of treatments that the rare disease  community desperately needs are not abused.   I ask Senator Hatch, as one with longstanding leadership on the bill  that you passed that has helped so many people and saved lives, how can  we focus on sharing this message with our colleagues and our  constituents?    Well, that is going to be very important and really an  opportunity to make sure that this works for patients with rare  diseases and their families. We know that affordability and  accessibility remain paramount. We should also think about the burden  that these conditions play and the critical role of the voice of the  patient.   As you stated, Senator Hatch, more than 7,000 rare diseases exist,  and the vast majority have no treatment. This is an extraordinary  burden borne every day by Americans in every single State across the  country. As we seek to continue making progress, including monitoring  implementation of the advances in the bipartisan 21st Century Cures  Act, we must ensure that rare disease treatments receive sufficient  attention.   We also must encourage Federal agencies to better incorporate the  patient's voice in their decisionmaking process. As I mentioned  earlier, all too often as we rightly focus on evidence-based medicine,  we can lose sight of the human experience of these and different  therapies. What may seem simple in a lab may be overwhelming or  difficult when applied to patients in real life situations--all the  more so when children are involved. The FDA and all agencies should  ensure that they have appropriate processes to seek and incorporate  this vital input. The user fee agreement will be an opportunity for us  to make this case.   I would like to thank Senator Hatch again for his time to discuss  these issues that are very important to both of us. We look forward to  engaging with our colleagues on these issues as we move forward to the  implementation of the Cures Act, as well as the work on the Orphan  Drugs Act, and as well as the user fee agreement.   