 Mr. Chairman, it is difficult to understand how a  Make America Secure Appropriations minibus does not include the bill  for the Department of Homeland Security which is responsible for  security at our borders, security in the coastal maritime environment,  security for air and surface transportation, security of cyber networks  and critical infrastructure, and helping State and local jurisdictions  prepare for, prevent, and respond to terrorist attacks and natural  disasters.   Instead of including the entire DHS funding bill in the minibus, the  majority is expected to use a second rule to insert just one part of  that bill--funding for the President's border wall--ignoring much more  pressing and immediate security needs.   Furthermore, because the Department has failed to submit to Congress  a required report laying out the long-term plan and justification for  border  [[Page H6362]]  infrastructure, Members of Congress are unable to responsibly evaluate  the long-term border security strategy and comprehensively assess its  costs, benefits, and trade-offs.   Given this enormous $1.6 billion initial price tag, Members should,  at a minimum, have the opportunity to vote on it separately and in the  context of the entire Homeland Security bill. I submitted an amendment  to prohibit the use of funds for border wall construction, and I hope  the Rules Committee will make it in order.   While I do not support the DHS bill in its current form, I firmly  believe the House would be in a stronger position to make a more  informed and responsible decision on how best to invest these $1.6  billion in the context of debating and amending the entire Department  of Homeland Security funding bill.   For example, instead of using $1.6 billion of taxpayer money for just  74 miles of border wall, we could pay for the first two heavy Coast  Guard icebreakers which are critically needed to help the United States  better counter the ever-increasing Russian presence in the Arctic.   Or we could invest in additional technology and hire thousands of new  customs officers at every air, land, and sea port of entry in the  United States, reducing wait times for travelers, better facilitating  the flow of commerce and contributing to economic growth.   This would also enhance our ability to intercept more illegal  narcotics and other contraband because, contrary to what some may  think, the vast majority of the worst illicit drugs flowing into our  country arrive through the ports of entry, not between the ports. In  2016, 86 percent of the heroin and 81 percent of the cocaine and  methamphetamine came through the ports of entry. In other words, more  physical barriers at the border--in addition to the 654 miles of  fencing already in place--is a misguided and ineffective strategy to  address drug smuggling.   In addition to the fact that we could be using these $1.6 billion for  more pressing security needs, I am concerned that, by including only  border wall funding from the DHS Appropriations bill, we would be  sending a terrible message to frontline homeland security personnel-- many of whom routinely put their personal safety at risk to serve our  country--that the President's border wall is more important than all  the work they do.    Mr. Chairman, when it comes to the security of our Nation and the  American people, we in Congress have an obligation to act in their best  interests and to invest their tax dollars wisely. If the only homeland  security item in this bill is funding for 74 miles of border wall, we  will fail to meet that obligation.   This bill should not include funding for a border wall, and the House  should have an opportunity to vote on this funding in the context of  the entire Homeland Security funding bill.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.   