 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill  which would give workers less flexibility and less pay. The economic  challenge of our time is that people are in jobs today that just don't  pay them enough to live on. They are struggling to make  [[Page H3042]]  ends meet. This bill would make that worse.   It forces workers to decide between time-and-a-half overtime pay and  paid time off when they work more than 40 hours a week. It enables  employers to exert more control over employees' wages and hours that  hinders a worker's ability to plan family time, to have flexible and  stable schedules, and, yes, to make ends meet.   Rather than helping American workers earn better wages and more time  off, this bill creates more power for employers to delay paying  overtime wages for as long as 13 months. For people who need to work  extra hours to pay those bills, this legislation forces them into an  impossible choice between time and money with no guarantee of time off.   This bill is nothing more than a false promise of time off and a pay  cut. Working Americans deserve better. We have an obligation to pursue  public policy that puts workers before corporations. Instead of forcing  bad choices for workers about their time off, we ought to bring the  Healthy Families Act to the floor which would enable workers to earn  paid sick days, because no one should have to choose between getting  healthy and putting food on the table.   Instead of considering this legislation which will hurt workers and  their ability to earn fair wages, we should be considering the FAMILY  Act, which would create a national paid leave insurance program to  allow workers to take time off while they are caring for a new child, a  seriously ill family member, or their own serious health conditions.   Instead of undermining workers' schedules, we should be considering  the Schedules That Work Act, which gives workers more control over  their schedules, offers them real predictability and stability in their  shifts and in their work hours.   These are the policies that workers need, policies that reflect the  realities of working in America today, the challenges that workers  face. This bill goes in the opposite direction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose it.   