 Mr. President, first let me comment on what my friend,  the distinguished Senator from Texas, said. If my car goes into a  ditch, the first thing I don't do is dismantle the car. That doesn't  help me get anywhere in terms of transportation.   First of all, let me speak on process before talking about the  substance of what we are really talking about and how it affects  people. We have a bill in front of us that creates a process for the  majority to be able to unravel and repeal essentially our whole health  care system. You pull a thread and it goes through not only employer- based care, patient protections, people who have insurance, Medicare,  Medicaid. All of it begins to unravel. Interestingly, also in this  bill, in the text it adds $1 trillion to the deficit--$1 trillion to  the deficit in the bill that our colleagues just voted to proceed to  pass.   We need to be very clear on this: If colleagues want to work with us  to fix problems and improve health care, we can start this afternoon.  It is almost 3:30. By 4 o'clock we could put together a group of  people. I am sure our distinguished Democratic leader on the Budget  Committee would be happy to sit down and work together on ways to make  health care reform better and make health care more affordable and make  it more available to people. If that is what we want to do, count us  in, but that is not what we are talking about here. We are talking  about this crazy idea that no one in their real life would do.   It is like deciding you want a new house, so you tear down the old  house. That is the easy part. Then your family is homeless. Then you  say: Well, gosh, you know, maybe I better have a plan to get a new  house for my family and figure out a way to pay for it, to be able to  afford it.   Nobody would do that. Nobody would start by saying: We are going to  rip apart the entire health care system and create chaos. We are going  to undermine Medicare. We are going to undermine Medicaid. We are going  to take away patient protections for everybody who has insurance  through their employer, and then we will figure out later what we are  going to do to replace it, if anything.   I know there is a division on the Republican side. Certainly Members  in the House don't think it should even be replaced at all.   It is interesting. We are talking about one-sixth of the economy that  would be destabilized. There is no question that if you do a repeal and  insurance companies don't know what is coming--I have talked to  hospitals, and they don't know what is coming--behavior will begin to  change. Rates will begin to go up. Different decisions will be made  because, as businesses, they will not know how to plan. Their investors  will not know how to plan.   There is no question about it. When you repeal without creating  certainty in the marketplace, you begin a process that results in  chaos.   We have an interesting example, one that I have been involved with  for a lot of years, where we wanted to change just one piece of the  health care system, the reimbursement system for doctors.   I was in the House when they passed Medicare changes. We put in place  a new policy. We were going to write a new policy to reimburse  physicians for quality instead of quantity. It makes sense. It took 18  years to get agreement. We got agreement last year. It doesn't even  take effect for 4 years.   Everybody here knows about this thing called the doc fix. It is an  inside term--or SGR, which is even more insider. The truth is, we were  trying to change just one thing and could not get agreement to do it  for 18 years.   Anyone who thinks that there is going to be a repeal without an ACA  extender going on has not looked at past processes.   What is most important, though, is what this means to real people.  This  [[Page S37]]  really is about a plan of ripping apart the health care system. There  is nothing in its place immediately so we don't even know what will be  coming. This is going to make America sick again.   We are talking about a process and a plan that for real people is not  a political game. It is not smoke and mirrors. It shouldn't be about  politics. It is about the moms and dads who go to bed at night and say:  Please, God, don't let the kids get sick. Now, many of them--close to  30 million counting everybody with new coverage--don't have to say  that. They can say a different kind of prayer because they can go see  the doctor.   We know that when you unravel that system with nothing responsible in  its place, we are talking about making America sick again. We want  affordable care, not chaos. This plan goes from affordable care to  chaos. We talk about some parts of what we passed in health reform, but  there are a lot of things we don't emphasize that I think are important  to recognize in this debate.   First of all, what we pass in terms of changes in quality care  affects every single American with health insurance. A lot of people in  my State are fortunate to have employer-based insurance. We have a lot  of folks at the collective bargaining table fighting every year to make  sure they keep their insurance--150 million people across the country.  All of them have benefited from the patient protections we put into  health reform. When we take those away, then immediately the insurance  companies will be back in charge. If you get sick, you can get dropped.  Right now they can't do that. If you are sick or if your child is sick,  right now you can't be blocked from buying insurance. We call it a  preexisting condition. But before health reform, insurance companies  were doing that every single day--a child with juvenile diabetes,  someone with cancer or Alzheimer's disease.    I think about a very good friend of mine who just found out her  grandson has leukemia. He is 2 years old. He is going through  treatment. We pray he is going to be able to get through it  successfully. He is going to have a preexisting condition for the rest  of his life. With this repeal, there is no guarantee he will ever be  able to get insurance. On top of that, if he has to have treatments  that go on for some period of time, caps will be reinstituted on the  amount of care you can get, the amount of treatment per year, dollar  amount, or amount of visits you can get, and there is no guarantee that  this little boy will be able to get the treatment he needs so that he  can live a healthy, successful life going forward.   In talking with pediatric cancer doctors a couple of weeks ago, it  was so amazing and gratifying to me to hear them talk about children  whose lives have been extended, whose quality of life has been extended  because of the fact that they are able to fully treat these children  and insurance companies can't put caps on how much they will pay or how  many treatments. Now there is a whole other range of protections for  everybody.   One of the fights I was proud to lead in the Finance Committee when  we passed the ACA was to make sure that the basic insurance package  every company has to provide has to include maternity care. That seems  like a no-brainer. People were shocked that it didn't. Before we passed  health reform, 70 percent of the insurance companies--the policies you  buy in the private market didn't include maternity care. In fact, women  were viewed as having a preexisting condition because they might get  pregnant, might have a baby. That is not true anymore. Women are not  rated differently than men, and maternity care is now available  regardless of the kind of insurance you have. That is a pretty good  deal. Right now I have a son and a daughter with growing families, and  I can tell you that is a very big deal in my family.   There is a whole range of things. We all know about young people who  are able to stay on their parents' insurance. They get out of college  and they are wrestling with a huge debt, and one thing they don't have  to worry about is whether they can stay on their parents' insurance  until they can find a job. That goes away with repeal.   Something I care deeply about is mental health. We have all worked  together on opioids and substance abuse treatment. Because of what we  did in health care reform, insurance companies cannot discriminate if  it is mental health or substance abuse treatment rather than physical  health treatment. Prior to what we passed, they could charge much  higher copays, higher premiums, but not anymore. So the whole body-- above the neck as well as below the neck--is now being treated equally  with our insurance reforms.   So there are a multitude of things--preventive health services with  no copays, such as cancer screenings for mammograms and contraception.  I was talking to someone who said she thought it was so wonderful that  her drugstore wasn't charging her for copays anymore on her  contraception. I said: Well, you know, that is actually the law. That  was changed when we passed the Affordable Care Act.   So there is a whole range of things that relate to reviewing premium  increases, if you get removed from your insurance, you have the right  to appeal. There is a whole range of things. So that is under the first  step. Everybody will feel it when insurance companies are back in  charge and, through this vote and the subsequent actions, patient  protections are repealed for everybody.   Secondly, this includes cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Through what  we did in health reform, we closed the gap on the high costs of  prescription drugs. We called it the doughnut hole. That was in the  process of being closed. If you have a lot of medicines and a lot of  costs, you suddenly get to a point where there is a gap in coverage and  you have to pay the full cost. That goes away and the doughnut hole  comes back.   What we did added 12 years of solvency to the Medicare trust fund to  keep it strong longer. That goes away. Wellness visits for seniors-- every year they are able to go in and get a physical without a copay-- that goes away. So Medicare is undermined. Then, unfortunately, when  you add the incoming nominee as Secretary of Health and Human Services  and couple that with the proposals that the Speaker has had and others  that I am sure we are going to see to turn Medicare into a voucher--you  go into the private market. Here is your voucher. Good luck. That is  part of what the new regime is promoting, which only adds to this.   Eighty percent of Medicaid spending is seniors in nursing homes. And  we know that the majority of those who--many who have gotten care, in  addition to the exchanges, have been folks who have been working hard  every single day in minimum wage jobs and who couldn't afford or find  insurance before. Now they are covered if their State or their Governor  is willing to do that. We have a whole bunch of folks who are working  hard every day at minimum wage who at least know they have access to  health care and a doctor.   Interestingly, this helps our hospitals, whether they are rural  hospitals upstate or up north in Michigan or whether they are our great  urban hospitals, safety net hospitals in Detroit and other areas,  instead of people walking into the emergency room and not having  insurance and having the cost put on everybody who does. Because of the  Medicaid expansion, when a working person comes in with Medicaid, they  are able to pay for their own care rather than having everybody else  with insurance carry the brunt of that, which is the way it was prior  to that.   So there are Medicare and Medicaid cuts.   Next, we do know that altogether, counting Medicaid and people using  the new exchanges, we have about 30 million people who will be kicked  off of their insurance, folks who, like anybody else, want to have  health insurance for their families. Can we design that in a better  way? I would love to work with you on that. I am not going to kick them  off first. I don't want to say: We are going to rip your insurance  away. We are going to rip the small businesses I have talked to--rip  their insurance away. And then, by the way, don't worry, further down  the road we will figure out something else. We don't know what it is,  we don't know what it will cost, but trust me.   I wouldn't be trusting that would happen if I were counting on that  for my insurance.  [[Page S38]]    The fourth item is that there is no question that costs will go up by  destabilizing the marketplace. We know the cost of prescription drugs  will go up as a result of taking away the extra help for prescription  drugs. There is no question that costs are going to go up for everybody  else who has insurance.   When we look at this, I don't know how anybody looking at this  outside of a political lens or a rigid ideological lens could say this  makes any sense. It doesn't make any sense.   We have a President-elect who is coming in who said that he would not  do anything to hurt Medicare or Medicaid or Social Security. Yet the  first thing on the floor definitely undermines Medicare and Medicaid.  We have a President-elect who said he wants to bring down the cost of  prescription drugs. Yet, by undermining Medicare prescription drug  coverage, those prices are going to go up. People who have the most  medical needs and need the most medicine are going to see their costs  go up.   What would be better would be if the new incoming HHS Secretary would  be given the ability to negotiate through Medicare for prescription  drugs--something we have all fought for, for a long time. Let's allow  drug reimportation. Our leader on the budget--and I have as well--put  seniors on buses in the past to demonstrate the differences in cost  across the bridge between Windsor and Detroit, the cost of the same  drug, with the very same safety provisions. That would bring down  costs. Taking away Medicare coverage and increasing the gap in coverage  is exactly the wrong thing to be doing if, in fact, the incoming  President really means it when he says he wants to bring down drug  prices.   So there are a number of things we care deeply about on health care.  As someone who has worked on this for years--in fact, it was health  care and health policy that first got me into politics, leading an  effort to save a nursing home in my community. I care deeply about  this. I am one of the folks way down deep in the weeds on this. But we  don't improve a health system by ripping it out by its roots, by  undermining the whole system without figuring out what comes next. That  only happens if you really don't care what comes next because if you  care, that is not a responsible position.   So, Mr. President, and my colleagues, I feel very strongly that with  everything we know that has been made available to strengthen quality,  to give people back their own decisionmaking instead of the insurance  companies on basics like providing care for themselves and their  families, the strengthening of Medicare and Medicaid, the coverage that  has been made available, we know there is a way to work together to  make things better, and this is not it.    I will be happy to.   