 Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I want to ask why the Democratic microphone  is turned off. This happened to me the other day when the Republican  microphone was on over there.   The last two speakers we have not been able to hear as well as we  heard Ms. Cheney, and I want to know why that is.   I hope somebody hears my plea and that the Parliamentarian will take  care of this problem. This debate is too important to have our  microphones at a lower scale.    Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act needs to be  repaired, not repealed. In 2010, Democrats passed health care reform in  an effort to move toward health insurance for all Americans. Though we  have made progress and more work to do, we cannot move America  backward. Tens of thousands of people in northern Ohio and millions  across America will lose insurance if TrumpCare becomes law.   This bill is cruel. It will take away care from some of our most  vulnerable citizens like those who suffer from opioid addiction, mental  illness or have disabilities. This bill will undermine Medicare and cut  $28 billion from Ohio's Medicaid program, the majority of which is  spent on nursing home care. If Republicans succeed in repealing the  Medicaid expansion, one in four Ohio hospitals would close according to  the Ohio Hospital Association.   Our goal should be to make our health care system better, not worse.  This merciless bill is not a health care bill. This bill is an $800  billion tax cut for corporations and the very rich. How that giveaway  provides better health care to working and middle-class families is  beyond me.   For Lent I gave up chocolate, I recommend the Republicans try giving  up tax cuts to the rich!   Let me share a story about a young man in Ohio who was diagnosed with  an extremely rare form of cancer one month before his 26th birthday.   Once he turned 26 he lost coverage under his parent's health care  policy.   But after visiting an Ohio Jobs and Family Services office, he  learned about his eligibility for the Ohio Medicaid expansion, which  allowed him to receive the cancer treatment he needed to survive.   Frankly, without the Affordable Care Act's multi-layered protections,  he would be dead.   The Affordable Care Act and its Medicaid expansion has allowed him to  return to finish law school.   This bill shifts the burden of health costs to the working and middle  class, all so the rich can have a trillion dollar tax cut. A tax cut  for the super rich doesn't help working people and seniors pay for  health care. Astoundingly, the falsely labeled, so called ``health''  bill actually rewards billionaires and corporations with hundreds of  billions in tax giveaways.   This bill does nothing to control costs for health insurance.  Millions will lose coverage. It will actually result in higher costs  too all while undermining Medicare and slashing Medicaid.   Congress ought to repair not repeal the ACA. We cannot move backward.  This GOP bill is cruel and some of our most challenged  [[Page H2438]]  citizens like the mentally ill or disabled will lose care. Premiums for  those over 50 could increase by 5 fold. As the old saying goes; ``this  dog won't hunt.''   Ohio embraced the ACA and 866,000 people were finally able to receive  health care coverage. What will this poorly conceived Republican tax  giveaway bill do to Ohio:   1. About 47,000 people will lose health insurance because they are  insured through the ACA in Ohio's 9th district.   2. The district's uninsured rate has gone from 13.3% to 7.0% since  the ACA was implemented. This 6.3 percentage point drop in the  uninsured rate could be reversed if the ACA is entirely or partially  repealed.   3. 318,900 individuals in the district who now have health insurance  that covers preventive services like cancer screenings and flu shots  without any co-pays, coinsurance, or deductibles stand to lose this  access if the Republican Congress eliminates ACA provisions requiring  health insurers to cover important preventive services without cost- sharing.   4. 370,700 individuals in the district with employer-sponsored health  insurance are at risk of losing important consumer protections like the  prohibition on annual and lifetime limits, protection against unfair  policy rescissions, and coverage of preexisting health conditions, if  the ACA is entirely or partially repealed.   This Republican bill, hastily prepared, should be defeated. It is  cruel, will leave millions of our fellow citizens bankrupt and  destitute, and if implemented, will be responsible for more death and  illness coast to coast. Vote no on TrumpCare.   