 Mr. Chair, I am proud to have  introduced the Apollo I Memorial Amendment to H.R. 2810, the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This year is the 50th  Anniversary of the Apollo I spacecraft fire that claimed the lives of  three American heroes. With this Amendment we ensure that these three  courageous astronauts, who gave their lives in service to our great  nation, will be appropriately honored.   On January 27, 1967, Astronauts Virgil I. ``Gus'' Grissom, Edward H.  White II, and Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that  broke out inside their Apollo I Command Module on Launch Pad 34 at the  Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The accident led to a  detailed internal investigation and congressional hearings. As a result  of their sacrifice, NASA made needed changes to the Apollo program  which ultimately resulted in the successful Apollo 11 landing on the  moon two years later.   My Amendment requires the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with  the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration  (NASA), to construct a memorial marker at Arlington National Cemetery  in their honor. This marker corrects an unfortunate omission, namely,  that these three fearless astronauts, who were set to be the ones to  fly the first Apollo mission into space, have not received a memorial  at Arlington as was done for the Space Shuttle Challenger and Columbia  crews. As Arlington National Cemetery is where we recognize heroes who  have passed in the service of our Nation, it is fitting that on the  50th anniversary of the launchpad accident we acknowledge the sacrifice  of the Apollo I Astronauts.   Mr. Chair, it is past time to install a memorial marker at Arlington  so that current and future Americans never forget their sacrifice as we  continue to reach for the stars.   Before closing, I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle who supported the original bill from which this Amendment was  drawn, H.R. 703, the Apollo Memorial Act. I would also like to express  my deep appreciation to both Mr. Hollingsworth of Indiana and Mr. Posey  of Florida who both offered to cosponsor this Amendment.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will continue to come  together to support this amendment honoring these heroes.   