 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the Republican's  ``Smoggy Skies Act'' that will gut America's landmark Clean Air Act.   Since Congress passed the Clean Air Act almost 50 years ago, American  progress on clean air has gone hand in hand with growth in jobs and  businesses. But that is at risk under this bill today because polluters  want to take shortcuts and shift the costs to hardworking American  families and other businesses. Republicans are helping them get this  done through this ``Smoggy Skies Act.''   Coming from the State of Florida, I understand very well how air  pollution hurts jobs and economic growth. Americans everywhere,  regardless of their ZIP Code, deserve an EPA and a Congress working to  clean up air pollution, not boost polluter profits at our expense. In  Florida, we probably would not be the tourist mecca that we are without  the Clean Air Act.   When you look across the globe at other countries and people are  deciding, ``Where am I going to take my vacation? Where am I going to  take my trip?'' they are very discerning about countries that do not  have the same kind of consumer protections.   I have seen, since the time I was a little girl, vast improvement in  air quality back home in the Tampa Bay area, to the point of it used to  be, in the early morning, you would walk outside and you could smell  and taste it. Now we have very few days of smog and pollution.   But still, Congress should protect the pocketbooks of American  citizens, not the profits of polluters because we have pockets of real  pollution problems all across America. Approximately 125 million  Americans still live in areas with dangerous levels of air pollution.   Air pollution costs our families money as smoggy skies aggravate  asthma, COPD, bronchitis, lung disease, and the ability to work  outside. Improving ozone standards can help avoid premature deaths,  childhood asthma attacks, and missed school days.   I encourage you all to google the New England Journal of Medicine  study that came out at the end of last month that said dirty air is  very costly and has a deadly impact on many Americans still, especially  our older neighbors and younger people with asthma and other  respiratory illnesses. It said air pollution hastens death in America.   Harvard researchers determined that, after reviewing years of health  records of more than 60 million Medicare beneficiaries in specific air  quality levels, we are still in trouble. I took that as a direct  warning to this Congress not to roll back the Clean Air Act and air  pollution protections.   The Clean Air Act requires the EPA to take a look at air quality  every 5 years, but under this bill, nope, it will be every 10 years. So  polluters win and citizens pay more.   The Clean Air Act codifies a citizen's right to know when they are  breathing dirty air, but under this bill, nope, citizens will not have  a right to know. Again, the polluters win and citizens pay more.   Just like Mr. Tonko said, America is the world leader in ingenuity,  technology, and science, but not under this GOP bill. Polluters will  win, science will lose, and citizens will pay more.   This is a costly shame, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment seeks to ensure that  American families aren't forced to pick up the costs of air pollution  that should be rightfully borne by polluters. My amendment seeks to  protect kids across America, our older neighbors, and the most  vulnerable to smog and dirty air.   My amendment says that the Republicans' ``Smoggy Skies Act'' will not  take effect if the EPA Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee finds  negative impacts on individuals with asthma, bronchitis, COPD, and  other health conditions, particularly in children and our older  neighbors, pregnant women, folks who work outdoors, and those in  working-class communities.   Mr. Chairman, Americans value their health and they value America's  landmark Clean Air Act. Earlier this year, the American Lung  Association released a new poll showing that 61 percent of all  Americans support stronger smog standards and clearly oppose this  dirty-air policy.   Harold P. Wimmer, national president and CEO of the American Lung  Association, said: ``More than half of all Americans breathe polluted  air, putting them at risk of asthma attacks, respiratory infections,  and premature death.''   The public wants clean, healthy air. It is no surprise that American  voters strongly support maintaining safeguards to protect their health  from the dangers of ozone pollution.   I have seen great improvement in the air quality over my lifetime  back home in Tampa, Florida. We have heard in front of our committee  and heard from folks through social media, from Democrats and  Republicans here today, how much they value clean air and how much  progress we have seen. Yet, according to the Florida KIDS COUNT Data  book, in 2016, asthma emergency department visits reached over 48,000  in my State, and hospitalizations are in the thousands and thousands.  That takes a toll, and it is very costly. Florida is not alone. This  affects all Americans.   Mr. Chairman, you might have heard during general debate that I  referenced a new, very important study that came out at in the month of  June in the New England Journal of Medicine. Here is a press report  that summarizes the study.   The title of the story is: ``U.S. Air Pollution Still Kills Thousands  Every Year, Study Concludes.   ``The air Americans breathe has been getting cleaner for decades.   ``But air pollution is still killing thousands in the U.S. every  year. . . .  [[Page H5956]]    `` `We are now providing bullet-proof evidence that we are breathing  harmful air,' says Francesca Dominici, a professor of biostatistics at  the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, who led the study. `Our  air is contaminated.'   ``Dominici and her colleagues set out to do the most comprehensive  study to date assessing the toll that air pollution takes on American  lives.   ``The researchers used data from Federal air monitoring stations as  well as satellites to compile a detailed picture of air pollution down  to individual ZIP Codes. They then analyzed the impact of very low  levels of air pollution on mortality, using data from 60 million  Medicare patients from 2000 to 2012.''   They said: ``About 12,000 lives could be saved each year . . . by  cutting the level of fine particulate matter nationwide by just 1  microgram per cubic meter of air below current standards.   Dominici said: `` `It's very strong, compelling evidence that,  currently, the safety standards are not safe enough.' ''   And yet, Republicans want to take us backwards. They are going to  side with polluters over the health of American families, and I think  that is wrong.   The proposed rollbacks by the Trump administration and this  Republican Congress are simply a costly, dirty air policy. Repealing  clean air rules will bring about disastrous health and economic damage  to not only the folks I represent back home in Florida, but all across  the country.   So let's be clear. Ozone, or smog, is a corrosive gas that forms when  emissions from smokestacks and tailpipes cook in the heat and sunlight.  It triggers asthma and other respiratory illnesses. It is very  expensive. It is not fair for Republicans to let polluters off the hook  and shift costs to hardworking American families.   So if you believe in clean air in our great country, support my  amendment. If you believe environmental protection based on science,  support my amendment. If you want to stand with American families over  polluters who seek shortcuts, support the Castor amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   