 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a couple of  pressing issues regarding our healthcare system and to ensure that  Americans are aware of some critical deadlines for their health options  in the marketplace.   It is that time of year. Healthcare open enrollment has started, and  Americans across the country can sign up or change their healthcare  plans to make sure they are getting a plan that works best for them and  their families.   I have long said that the health reform law, otherwise known as  ObamaCare, is not perfect, and I have been pushing since I have been  here to make it work better for North Dakota families and small  businesses. But there are many pieces in that healthcare law that are  helpful, and I wish to make sure that Americans and North Dakotans take  advantage during this open enrollment period.   Every individual and family should be able to get access to  affordable, quality healthcare, and no one should have to go bankrupt  to pay for healthcare for a child with a disability, a sick family  member, or just an emergency that you never thought could happen. That  is why I am encouraging everyone to please make sure you explore your  options and sign up for healthcare coverage.   It is more important than ever that folks take advantage of this open  enrollment period early because there are many changes this year that,  unfortunately, make it more difficult for individuals and their  families to sign up for health insurance. Even if you already have a  plan, it is worth checking out healthcare plans, as these prices change  from year to year.   First, open enrollment today is a month and a half shorter this year  than it has been in the past. Open enrollment is from November 2--right  now--until December 15. That is just 45 days. Do not wait to check this  out. It is best if you go today to find out if there is a better plan  for you or if you need to secure health insurance on the marketplace.   Second, the administration has significantly reduced funding for in- person assistance, called navigators, who help individuals and families  sign up for healthcare coverage. This action is leaving millions of  Americans and thousands of North Dakotans without the critical help  they need to understand their options and enroll in meaningful  healthcare coverage.   I want to make a point here. For those of us who in the past have  always had the option of getting healthcare coverage through an  employer, there is always someone in that employment office, in the  payroll office, or in human resources who helps you through. This is  not unique in needing this assistance. It is not unique to the  marketplace. It is access and information that you have through your  employer, if you are getting your insurance through your employer. The  idea was that the same opportunity for information should be made  available in person on the marketplace, but it is not. So we have to  try and fill in those gaps. Because we have these gaps, we are in many  ways seeing a number of cutbacks and a number of folks not getting  access to the information they need.   In fact, the Great Plains Tribal Chairmen's Health Board does not  have enough funds to operate as a navigator, and they will not be able  to help North Dakotans sign up for coverage as they have done in  previous years. Another navigator in my State, Minot State University,  has had its Federal funds cut by over 96 percent.   Since 2013 the uninsured rate in North Dakota has been reduced from  11 percent to 8 percent, in large part because of the work of these  navigators. The navigator grantees in my State have provided an  invaluable service by guiding families through the process of  determining the best private health insurance coverage for them, as  well as through traditional Medicaid and Medicaid expansion application  processes. Many North Dakotans who sign up for coverage qualify for  Federal assistance to help afford that coverage. So it is vitally  important that they understand Medicaid, that they understand Medicaid  expansion, and that they understand the tax implications of the plans  they are selecting.   But even those numbers that show the decrease in uninsured in North  Dakota don't tell the full story. Not only have navigators responded to  daily inquiries both during and outside of the open enrollment period,  but they have identified and responded to the challenges of increasing  enrollment, particularly in rural and hard-to-reach areas of the State  that are less likely to have access to coverage through an employer.   Slashing funding for navigators also has implications for Indian  Country. The Indian Health Service has had challenges delivering  quality care to Native Americans in my State and certainly in our  region. But those issues have lessened as more Native Americans have  enrolled in traditional Medicaid, Medicaid expansion, and private  health insurance, enabling these families to access quality, affordable  healthcare to stay healthy. Thanks to the increase of third-party  payments, we are no longer limited to life-or-limb care at Tribal IHS  facilities in the Great Plains service area.   Adding to the turmoil of the enrollment process, the administration  also announced that it is cutting off Federal funding that helps make  healthcare affordable for families, known as cost sharing reduction  payments. As a result, many individuals and families will see their  premiums skyrocket by double digits. Due directly to this decision and  the uncertainty it has injected into our healthcare system, one insurer  has exited the healthcare marketplace in North Dakota and another has  reduced its health insurance plan offerings, leaving many counties in  my State with only one insurer for consumers to choose from.  Ironically, North Dakota was one of the best covered States in terms of  options and choices. That option and that source of pride has been  diminished as a result of the lack of consistency with cost sharing  reduction payments.   A recent report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said  that if the administration stopped paying the cost sharing reduction  payments, as it has now done, there would be serious consequences for  individuals and families across the country. The report said families'  premiums would jump about 20 percent, many families would be left  without health insurance options as the lack of payment would force  many insurers to leave the market, and it would also add $194 billion  to the deficit over a decade.   Despite these efforts to sabotage the marketplaces and jeopardize  access to coverage for families, we have fortunately seen a surge of  encouraging enrollment numbers in the first week of enrollment. But the  American public deserves better, and I will do everything I can to  ensure that consumers know their options, that consumers are connected  with opportunities for meaningful coverage, and that they are provided  certainty in the future about healthcare costs.   On November 1, I had launched a new page on my website,  heitkamp.senate.gov, to help provide resources and enrollment  information to North Dakotans. I sincerely hope folks who are looking  to buy health insurance on the marketplace in North Dakota take  advantage of that website.   Access to affordable quality healthcare is a must, and I am proud to  have worked with a group of Republican and Democratic Senators, led by  Senators Alexander and Murray, to reach a deal to offer some immediate  [[Page S7146]]  fixes to make healthcare more affordable and accessible in North Dakota  and across the country. Our bill would specifically address many of the  new challenges that face folks during open enrollment.   The deal we unveiled last month would provide certainty for insurers  and customers by restoring the cost sharing reduction payments for 2  years and restoring Federal funding for outreach and enrollment efforts  in States, including the navigator services that I talked about  earlier. It incorporates an idea that I have been championing for many  years, which is to create a lower cost copper plan with lower premiums  and higher deductibles to increase coverage options for young, healthy  families, where they aren't so much worried about the day-to-day costs  of healthcare but that catastrophic event that could throw them into a  lifetime of poverty.   The agreement would also provide flexibility for States to continue  to explore their options to deliver the best healthcare options to  their citizens. This recognizes that one size does not fit all and that  we need to have more flexibility for States to experiment and to  provide the kind of quality of care and the kind of care options that  work best for their State.   On top of having significant bipartisan support, there is a bonus.  The bonus is that CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate that  enacting the legislation would reduce the deficit by $3.8 billion  without substantially changing the number of people with health  insurance coverage.   Now Congress needs to pass our bill. I have long said there are good  parts of the healthcare reform act and parts that need to be fixed. Our  bipartisan deal is an important step to help families afford healthcare  coverage so the health reform law works better for North Dakotans.    How rare is it in this body to have this many people come together to  propose one piece of legislation? I know that if you put this bill on  to the floor tomorrow, it would easily pass with over 60 percent of the  Senate. We need to get this done. We need to get it done to ensure the  American public that we are serious about responding to their concerns  about healthcare but that we are also serious legislators who can, in  fact, fix the problems that we have in this country.   This isn't everything that we have been working on, but it certainly  is the most important and the highest priority to pass the Murray- Alexander bill. But there are other proposals to improve healthcare  that I am working on. I recently introduced a bill to delay the health  insurance tax for 2 years and make coverage more affordable for the 156  million consumers across the country impacted by the fee. It would also  make the tax deductible moving forward, providing more certainty for  families to plan into the future.   Reducing the impact of the health insurance tax--a fee that directly  impacts the healthcare affordability for families and small  businesses--has had broad, bipartisan support. In 2015 Congress passed  a 1-year delay of the fee. This delay benefited consumers, seniors,  employers, State employees, and Tribes. The average premium reduction  from that delay of the fee was 3 percent.   If we think about the health insurance tax and we think about the  sales taxes that many States enact, many States will tell you we don't  enact sales tax on the necessities of life, whether it is food or  whether it is electricity. Clearly, this is a necessity of life, having  this health insurance. This health insurance tax is nothing more than a  regressive sales tax on premium costs, and I believe we need to find a  better and more commonsense alternative.   Another commonsense bill that I have introduced to help make  healthcare more affordable for middle-income families is a bill that  would address what I call the current cliff problem on premium  assistance that many middle-class families and seniors face when they  earn above 400 percent of the Federal poverty level, putting affordable  care out of reach.   Right now, those earning just a nominal sum over--$1 over 400 percent  of the Federal poverty level, which is $47,550 for an individual and  $97,200 for a family of four--are no longer eligible for any premium  support to make health insurance more affordable. This perhaps is one  of those issues that I have heard more about than almost any other  issue in the Affordable Care Act.   What my bill would do is to get rid of the cliff and instead insert a  slope. The bill would enable more young, healthy families to be able to  obtain affordable healthcare coverage while diversifying the insurance  pools, and it would make sure seniors with high medical costs aren't  forced to lose those hard-earned retirement savings or go without care.  Smoothing out that cliff will make health insurance more affordable,  will make this bill more responsive to our middle-class taxpayers and  middle-class families, and will provide some certainty for these  families as they look at the high cost of healthcare and insurance  premiums into the future.   I also cosponsored a bill to provide stability in the insurance  marketplace by making the current reinsurance program for individual  health insurance market permanent. It would be similar to the  successful programs used to lower premiums and spur competition in the  Medicare Part D Program. This reinsurance program would provide funding  to offset larger than expected insurance claims for health insurance  companies participating in State and Federal insurance marketplaces,  and it would encourage them to offer more plans in a greater number of  markets, improving competition and driving down costs for patients and  families.   It is that catastrophic cost, which is unpredictable for the  actuaries, that drives up high cost. If they know that catastrophic  cost above a certain amount is subject to a reinsurance plan and those  costs are shared more broadly than just within that system, the  healthcare that they can provide and the insurance commissioners can  secure with a reasonable rate would be greatly reduced.   Lastly, another critical program that ensures access to coverage  throughout the country and in North Dakota is the Children's Health  Insurance Program, or CHIP. I have to tell you, I know many, many  families who, without CHIP and without their ability to find that  temporary opportunity to use CHIP to insure their children, would be  bankrupt today. They would have incurred healthcare bills just from a  simple fall off a swing set, and they would be spending a lifetime  trying to figure out how they are going to pay or they would be finding  their way into the bankruptcy court.   CHIP is a program that has been used since the late 1990s, and more  than 2,000 North Dakota children currently rely on it for affordable  healthcare. It provides a critical bridge between Medicaid and private  insurance coverage for children. We have to act fast to reauthorize  CHIP and let thousands of children across the country who are on CHIP  and their families know that we care about them, that we are standing  up for them, and that we are not going to leave them behind.   Unfortunately, the authorization for this critical and lifesaving  program expired at the end of September. Without action from Congress,  some States will already run out of Federal funding before the end of  the year. Some already have and require emergency funding from the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to shore up their programs  so that they can still provide that continuous coverage while we fail  to act here in the Congress.   While my State of North Dakota is not scheduled to run out of funding  until April of next year, this is not a way to administer an ongoing  and critical healthcare program. We need to get this program  reauthorized now before it is too late and we have unnecessarily hurt  American children and have created unnecessary unpredictability for  families who need and have found some incredible benefit in covering  their children with this program.   The Senate Finance Committee has marked up bipartisan legislation,  the Keep Kids' Insurance Dependable and Secure Act, to extend  authorization for the program for 5 years. Congress needs to act now to  make sure these families know their children have dependable and secure  coverage. No parent and no family member should have to wonder if their  children will get critical care. Put yourself in their shoes.   Since I came to the Senate in 2013, I have said there are parts of  the healthcare law and the healthcare system that need improvement to  make sure it is working for hard-working  [[Page S7147]]  North Dakotans and hard-working Americans. As I have outlined, these  are some tangible, commonsense policy proposals that have strong  bipartisan support, and we can, in fact, make this system better. We  can, in fact, tackle this challenge of healthcare, and then we can roll  up our sleeves and reduce costs and make healthcare more affordable and  less costly in this country.   We can do all of that. We have a country and a group of American  citizens who are counting on us to do our job to make sure that, into  the future, they will have the certainty that they need, the  predictability that they need, to get their healthcare coverage and to  make sure that their families will never have to worry about having to  file bankruptcy because a child has fallen off of a swing set.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   