 Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my opposition to this rule  and to the underlying bill.   First, by the way, my colleague from California (Ms. Matsui) talked  about the Democratic substitute. But let's be clear, it is our  Republican colleagues, the majority, who would not make a Democratic  substitute in order that would allow us to come here to have a debate  on their proposal and what we proposed. How about that for democracy in  the United States House of Representatives? No Democratic substitute.   So let's leave that aside and focus on what we have here today.  Again, opposed to the rule, opposed to the bill.   The Children's Health Insurance Program is vital for millions of our  Nation's most vulnerable citizens--our children. The gentleman before  spoke about 9 million children. Yes. But do you know how long we have  waited for the majority to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance  Program? The length of time is shameful. But even more shameful is how  the majority intends to pay for the Children's Health Insurance  Program.   This is what the bill does. The bill includes massive cuts to  something called the Prevention and Public Health Fund. What is the  Prevention and Public Health Fund? It is inclusive of many of the  programs that we rely on in order to save lives.   Yes. They are the programs that go to help our community health  centers be able to treat people who come to their door. Twenty-three  million people in the United States use community health centers. It is  often their primary care.    But let me lay out for you what some of these programs are: the  Centers for Disease Control childhood vaccines--vaccinations and  immunizations for our kids being cut--lead poisoning prevention. You go  to any community in this country, and they will tell you whether it is  water or whether it is paint. Some of our children have the highest  levels of lead, and what we need to be doing is screening them at a  very early age so that we can address the issue. They cut this out,  also the Centers for Disease Control heart disease program, stroke and  diabetes programs, breastfeeding grants for hospitals, childhood  obesity prevention, and suicide prevention. We are looking today at an  opioid crisis in this Nation that so often results in suicides, and  they are willing to cut the heart out of the Prevention Fund programs  to fund the Children's Health Insurance Program.   So we are harming children at one end of the spectrum and robbing the  money from that end of the spectrum to pay for the Children's Health  Insurance Program, which I am a big supporter of. So we are stealing  from this prevention program.   Now today, my Republican colleagues have offered a tax cut proposal.  Take a hard look at it because the richest, the wealthiest, and those  with the most lobbyists are the biggest beneficiaries of these tax  cuts, and middle class working families will get the short end of the  stick. Those people who make over $1 million--several million dollars-- are going to get the benefit of the tax cut. Why aren't we taking that  money and paying to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program  rather than taking the money from the Prevention and Public Health  Fund?   So instead of providing tax cuts today for the richest 1 percent of  Americans, we could have a strong Children's Health Insurance Program,  and we could have a strong Prevention and Public Health Fund that does  not have to make these egregious cuts.   I think there is one more point that people need to know about this  bill. The bill cuts something that was in the Affordable Care Act--the  grace period. They cut that back to 30 days. That means if someone  misses one health insurance payment, they can lose their insurance for  the remainder of the year.   Today, our biggest economic challenge as a nation is that people are  in jobs that just don't pay them enough to live on. They can't afford  their healthcare. It is cruel, and it is a brazen attempt to undermine  the Affordable Care Act, which, quite frankly, has been the majority's  agenda for a very long time.    There is no need to play off children's health insurance  against the Prevention and Public Health Fund. There is no need to cut  back on the grace period for the folks who may miss one health  insurance payment.   So I urge my colleagues: don't be cruel; don't be inhumane. To those  of my colleagues who will say no to this, you stand on solid ground.  You stand with families in this Nation. You stand with children when  you say no to cuts that are going to hurt their lives.   