 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to H.J. Res 36, expressing disapproval of the Methane Waste  Rule submitted by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land  Management.   The Methane Waste Rule is a critical update to decades old regulation  that provides clear and established requirements for the responsible  extraction of methane gas ensuring that public health is not put at  risk from these harmful emissions.   The rule, crafted in an extensive and transparent public process in  line with the Bureau of Land Management's mandate to capture wasted  methane, includes reasonable reforms to avoid and minimize waste of  natural gas from flaring, venting and leaking from oil and gas  production operations. Grounded in peer-reviewed, scientific evidence,  the rule updates 37-year old regulations to keep pace with modern  technological advancements. It promotes the replacement of older  technology, with new, modern equipment that is cost effective, and,  when combined with a broader scientific understanding of the  deleterious effects caused by these activities both to public health  and the environment, works to better protect the American people from  these harmful emissions.   With methane emissions increasing by 45 percent since 1990 and a 319  percent increase in flaring from 2009, the United States must act  swiftly to not only protect public health, but the environment too.  When these natural gases are released, they emit ozone-destroying  volatile organic compounds (VOCs) which are 86 times more destructive  to the protective ozone in our atmosphere than carbon emissions.   During the development of this critical rule, the Department of  Interior received over 200,000 public comments, hosted public meetings,  and engaged in broad outreach to stake  [[Page H958]]  holders nationwide over a 3-year period. This rule was carefully  developed and thoroughly considered.   Furthermore, it is important that tax payers understand that this is  also a cost-savings rule, mitigating the over $330 million worth of  natural gas wasted every year as a result of flaring, venting, and  leaking.   Ultimately, repealing the Methane Waste Rule would undermine the  health, well-being, and economic prosperity of the American public and  do nothing to combat the growing concern of climate change. I strongly  urge my colleagues to reject H.J. Res 36. Any effort to undermine this  important health, economic, and environmental protection results in a  lose-lose situation for the American public and I oppose it.   