 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the  Secretary of State nominee, as well as President Trump's recent  Executive order on refugees. I believe we need a Secretary of State who  will clearly stand up to Russian aggression. I am concerned about the  nominee's past statements and his relationship with Russia, and I am  not going to be voting for him. If he is confirmed, I hope we can work  with him. Some of his newer statements have been positive on taking  that on, as well as some of the many issues confronting our world.   The reason I am so focused on Russia is, first of all, we have a  significant Ukrainian population in Minnesota. We are very proud of  them. I was recently in Ukraine, Georgia, as well as Lithuania, Latvia,  and Estonia with Senators McCain and Graham. I saw firsthand the  meaning of Russian aggression on a daily basis. In these countries, the  cyber attack is not a new movie. They have seen it many times before.  It is a rerun. In Estonia, in 2007, they had the audacity to move a  bronze statue of a Russian fighter from a town square where there had  been protests to a cemetery. What did they get for that? They got their  Internet service shut down. That is what they do. In Lithuania, they  decided something you could imagine happening in our own country. On  the 25th anniversary of the celebration of the independence of their  country, they invited, as an act of solidarity, the members of the  Ukrainian Parliament--who are in exile in Kiev from Crimea, which has  been illegally annexed by Russia. They invited them to meet with them  and celebrate in Lithuania. What happened to them; again, cyber attacks  on members of the Parliament.   This is not just about one political candidate. We saw in the last  election in the United States--where now 17 intelligence agencies have  collectively said there was an infringement--that there was an attempt  to influence our elections in America. It is not just about one  candidate. It is not just about one political party, as Senator Rubio  so eloquently noted. It is not even just about one country. It is an  assault on democracies across the world.   I think we need to take this very seriously, not just from an  intelligence standpoint but also from a foreign relations standpoint.  That is why I introduced the bill, with Senators Feinstein, Cardin,  Leahy, and Carper, to create an independent and nonpartisan commission  to uncover all the facts. It is also why we have an expanded sanctions  bill that is bipartisan, led by Senators McCain and Cardin.   What we do matters. I think you see that, not only with regard to our  relations with those countries in the Baltics but also with what we  have seen in just the past few days because of this Executive order. I  hope that having a Secretary of State in place would help, as well as  more involvement from other agencies so something like this will never  happen again.   