 Mr. President, I stand today to call for bipartisan  action on several things that are really critical. One of them has  become routine, since it started as a bill that Democrats and  Republicans did together. That was the Children's Health Insurance  Program, something that my colleague from Vermont has referenced.   In my State, we have been a good-government State. We have had a  budget surplus for years, and, believe it or not, we relied on the fact  that Congress would come through and do what they were supposed to do  and reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program, but that  didn't happen. As a result, we have a slight budget deficit--something  we haven't had for years. But it really hit home when I called our  budget director in the State and I said: How did this happen when we  have had these surpluses?   He said: Well, we actually thought that you guys would reauthorize  the Children's Health Insurance Program, but you didn't.   Instead, what we have seen is a tax bill that adds over a trillion  dollars to the debt. Even when you take into account any economic gain  from that bill, a nonpartisan group said that it would, in fact, add $1  trillion to the debt. That is what we are doing instead of  reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program, which makes no  sense to me.   Funding for CHIP expired more than 2 months ago, even though, as I  said, it is one of the success stories out of this Congress. Both  parties have come together for years to support this program that  provides healthcare to millions of children across the country.   In Minnesota, these funds support coverage for more than 125,000  kids. Just last week, my State estimated that failing to reauthorize  CHIP would cost us $178 million. That is why the  [[Page S7960]]  deficit was at $188 million. So the CHIP funding that our State has  come to rely on through Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents  has suddenly gone away--that is why we have a deficit--while at the  same time, a decision has been made by my colleagues on the other side  to add over $1 trillion to the debt. I don't know what to tell the  people in my State, except that tax cuts for the wealthy appear to be a  priority rather than reauthorizing this bill to help kids get their  health insurance. Guess what. They don't understand that reasoning.   States like mine are running out of ways to make Federal funding last  a little bit longer. Every single day that we don't act puts coverage  at risk for millions of kids. Some States have already been forced to  tell parents to start making other plans for their kids' healthcare. No  parent should ever have to worry about whether their child will have  healthcare. We must keep this strong program going. I have also heard  from families with kids who get treatment at the children's hospitals  and clinics of Minnesota and who count on this program for the medical  care they need. That is why we must pass the bipartisan bill Senators  Hatch and Wyden have put together to extend CHIP for 5 years--so we can  stop this nonsense and tell people back at home that actually something  is working here.   In 2015, the last time we renewed the program, it passed the Senate  with 92 votes. We should demonstrate that same bipartisan spirit again.  We should not hold these kids hostage with this bickering, and we  certainly shouldn't be holding all of the States hostage either. This  makes no sense. We must act before it is too late, or States like mine  will not just have a deficit as a result of this, they will be forced  to make difficult choices about insurance coverage for some of our most  vulnerable constituents. CHIP is one part of our healthcare system that  nearly everyone agrees works. We should be doing everything in our  power to protect it.   In addition to CHIP, the American people want us to work together to  make fixes to the Affordable Care Act. They don't want us to repeal it;  we have seen that in the numbers. They want us to make some sensible  changes. You can never pass a bill with that kind of breadth and reach  without making some changes to it. I said on the day that it passed  that it was a beginning and not an end.   I am a cosponsor of the bill Senator Alexander and Senator Murray  have put together because it is an important step forward and exactly  the type of sensible, bipartisan legislation that we should pass. The  bill has 11 Republican cosponsors and 11 Democratic cosponsors. Patient  groups, doctor groups, and consumer groups have praised it, including  the American Cancer Society, the American Diabetes Association, the  Arthritis Foundation--and those are just some of the A's. There are  hundreds of national health groups who support this bill. They have  Democratic members and they have Republican members. They just want to  get something done.   Senators Alexander and Murray held a series of hearings and  discussions on commonsense solutions to bring down insurance costs with  Senators on both sides of the aisle.   I fought for a provision in this bipartisan legislation that would  help States like mine apply for and receive waivers. This was put  together, by the way, in our State by a Republican legislature and a  Democratic Governor. It is a plan that would bring down premium costs,  a plan that made sense across the board and was broadly supported in  our State. Our Federal Government should be encouraging that kind of  flexibility. The waiver we are asking for is actually something we  would like to see other States do. The provision we included in the  Murray-Alexander bill would encourage other States to do exactly what  we did; that is, apply for waivers for flexibility to bring down rates  without getting penalized.    This bill would also expedite the review of waiver applications for  proposals that have already been approved for other States.   This legislation also shortens the overall time period that States  have to wait for the Federal Government to decide whether to approve  their waivers. The last time I checked, I thought this administration  was touting the fact that they like to get things done, that they want  to move things faster, and that they don't like the redtape of  bureaucracy. Well, here we have a bill that actually says that States  shouldn't have to wait for the Federal Government to make decisions.  Why can't we get it passed?   Not only does the bill improve the process for waivers--this is my  favorite part because when you hear me talk about it, you might think,  wow, this must be expensive. No. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office says that the Alexander-Murray bill would actually cut the  deficit by $3.8 billion over the next 10 years because it simply gives  States the flexibility to cope with the issues they are having in their  own States, to adjust to their own particular circumstances, and to  make it easier for people to afford healthcare, while saving money for  the Federal Government. It makes no sense to delay by even 1 day the  passage of this legislation, nor does it make any sense to cut all  those kids off of health insurance.   Renewing the Children's Health Insurance Program and passing Murray- Alexander would be important steps forward, but we still must do more.  I don't think we are going to get all my prescription drug bills passed  by the end of the year, but we should. We won't, but we should. That  doesn't mean I am giving up. I think the American people aren't giving  up because they have been able to see clear-eyed what is going on  because they are starting to see what is happening with the cost of  their prescription drugs. The costs are skyrocketing.   I have heard from people across Minnesota who are struggling to  afford the medicine they need. This is about the woman in Duluth who  told me that she chose not to fill her last prescription because that  one drug would cost a full 25 percent of her income. This is about the  woman in St. Paul who, even with Medicare, can't afford a $663-a-month  cost for medicine that she needs. This is about a woman from Crystal,  MN, who told me: ``I am practically going without food to pay for my  prescriptions.'' It is heartbreaking that this is happening in America.   Reducing the costs of prescription drugs has bipartisan support in  Congress, and the President has said that he cares about this. So why  can't we get this done?   I have one bill that has 33 cosponsors that lifts the ban that makes  it illegal for Medicare to negotiate prices for Part D prescription  drugs for 41 million American seniors. Yes, right now, it is in law  that we can't negotiate for 41 million seniors. Last time I checked, I  think they would have a lot of bargaining power, but right now, we  can't do that.   A bill Senator McCain and I have would allow Americans to bring safe,  less expensive drugs from Canada.   A third bill that Republican Senator Grassley and I have is to stop  something called pay-for-delay, where big pharmaceutical companies  actually pay off their generic competitors to keep less expensive  products off the market. How can that kind of practice be any good for  American consumers? Guess what. It is not. We need to put an end to  this outrageous practice. This bill would save taxpayers $2.9 billion.   Senator Lee and I have a bill that would allow temporary importation  of safe drugs that have been on the market in another country for at  least 10 years when there isn't healthy competition for that drug in  this country. Believe me, there are plenty of areas where we don't have  healthy competition, where Americans aren't getting the kinds of deals  they should get.   I have a bipartisan bill with Senators Grassley, Leahy, Feinstein,  Lee, and several others called the CREATES Act to put a stop to other  pharmaceutical company tactics--such as refusing to provide samples-- that delay more affordable generic drugs from getting to consumers.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, this legislation would  save approximately $3.6 billion.   People in this Chamber are talking about saving money. How are they  doing it? On the backs of kids. They are talking about saving money.  How are they doing it? On the backs of Americans who would like to  afford premiums.  [[Page S7961]]    I have laid out a number of bills that actually have been scored to  save money. Passing the Alexander-Murray bipartisan bill would save us  money. We have the actual accounting to show it. Allowing for less  expensive drugs from other countries would save money for consumers. It  is pretty easy to understand. It is called capitalism. It creates  competition.   For our own American drug companies--we are proud that they have  developed lifesaving cures. They are important employers in our  country. But if they refuse to bring down those prices and if they have  a monopoly on the market, we should be bringing in competition. There  are two ways to do it. One is generic, and that is making it easier to  produce generic drugs, and also stopping big pharma companies from  paying off generic companies--their competition--to keep their  competitive products off the market. The other is simply allowing drugs  from less expensive places, but safe places, like Canada. That is a  bill I have put forward with Senator McCain, but also Senator Bernie  Sanders and I have worked on this, as well as many others. These are  commonsense ideas. Yet we cannot even move to a vote. Why? Because the  pharmaceutical companies don't want us to have that vote.   So I am asking my colleagues, No. 1, let's end the year with some  common sense and pass two commonsense bills to help the American people  with their healthcare, and those are the children's health insurance  bill and the Alexander-Murray compromise to make some fixes to the  Affordable Care Act. Then, when people are home for a week over the  holidays, maybe they should start talking to their constituents, as I  have. Maybe they should talk to their friends and their neighbors and  see what they think about what is going on with prescription drug  prices. Maybe they will come back with a New Year's resolution that  they are no longer going to be completely beholden to the  pharmaceutical companies, that they are willing to give the American  people some relief and take these companies on and create some  competition for America.   I thought this was supposed to be a capitalistic system. In a  capitalistic system, you do not have monopolies for certain drugs. You  do not have a drug like insulin, which has been around for decades,  triple, so that one elderly constituent in my State actually saves the  drops at the bottom of the injectors so they can use them the next day.  That is what is happening, while at the pharmaceutical companies, they  are taking home big bonuses at the end of the year.   I implore my colleagues, let's get these commonsense things done so  you can go home and not think, when you are sitting there at your  holiday dinner, that you have basically left millions of kids without  healthcare, and then on New Year's, the next week, make a resolution to  do what is right for your constituents, not for the pharmaceutical  companies.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   