 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to oppose President Trump's  nomination of Wilbur Ross for Secretary of Commerce. Mr. Ross is a Wall  Street billionaire with a long history of profiting from the suffering  of others. He also has shady ties to Vladimir Putin's Russia. That is  just his record. Because of that record, I do not have confidence that  he will protect the interests of the American people as Secretary of  Commerce.   This administration's disturbing ties to Russia have been all over  the news. Here is what has been publicly reported as of today.   Our intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russian Government  conducted a successful series of cyber attacks against the United  States designed to help Donald Trump get elected President. Our  intelligence agencies are actively examining a dossier alleging that  the Russian Government has collected compromising information on  President Trump, and numerous press reports indicate that investigators  have already corroborated some of that dossier's contents.   The President's National Security Advisor resigned in disgrace and is  the subject of an FBI counterintelligence investigation for his  conversations with the Russian Government before the inauguration,  conversations that may have been illegal and conversations that he has  apparently lied about in public.   Knowingly or unknowingly, the Vice President of the United States has  repeated these lies on national television. According to CNN, high- level advisers close to then-Presidential nominee Donald Trump were in  constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to U.S.  intelligence.   CNN confirmed the New York Times' original investigation with  ``multiple current and former intelligence law enforcement and  administration officials.'' Our allies documented regular calls between  the Trump campaign and the Russians, confirming the reports of U.S.  intelligence agencies. According to reports published in Newsweek,  ``the British government obtained information that people acting on  behalf of Russia were in contact with members of the Trump campaign.''   Many news outlets have reported on U.S. intelligence worries that  NATO allies will no longer share sensitive information because they  fear the new administration could share it with Russia. When asked  about the regular points of contact between Russian intelligence  operatives and his most senior campaign staff, President Trump refused  to take the question seriously. He claimed the multiple reports of  staff communications with Russian were ``fake news.''   Behind the scenes, Trump's chief of staff was pressuring the FBI to  help cover up the links between Russia and the Trump campaign. We are 1  month into the Trump Presidency. I wish this were not happening. I wish  things were normal, but this is not normal. It is shameful if we ignore  all of it as we evaluate the President's nominees to critical foreign  policy and national security jobs.   In this context, Mr. Ross's connections to Russia raise dangerous  issues. We know that Ross installed a former KGB official and close  associate of Vladimir Putin as the vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus,  a bank that Mr. Ross controlled and a bank that was flooded with  Russian money. Now, how closely connected was this former KGB official  to Vladimir Putin? Here is one hint. He was so closely connected to  Putin that he was given a $100 million payout by a Russian-controlled  mining company as a golden parachute. He wasn't even the only Putin pal  on Mr. Ross's board. That is right. Mr. Ross wanted the bank he  controlled to have multiple board members from Putin's inner circle.   Mr. Ross surrounds himself with Russian oligarchs, and he has  invested financially in their success. As he explained during his  testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee, Mr. Ross has no  intention of divesting from Diamond Shipping, a company that operates  33 oil tankers and jointly charters with even more. So a man who  personally selected multiple Vladimir Putin associates to serve with  him on the board of the bank he controls has been totally open about  his plan to continue profiting from oil tankers shuttling over $1  billion worth of crude oil through international waters while serving  as Commerce Secretary.   It is not just one shipping company. Mr. Ross is retaining his  investments in 11--11 separate entities, mostly private companies  registered in the Cayman Islands. Among his retained interests, the  state-owned China Investment Company will be one of Mr. Ross's largest  fellow investors.   We have never seen a Cabinet like this in history. Like many of  President Trump's other nominees and like President Trump himself, this  nominee seems to see his time in public service as a chance to increase  his own wealth. In other words, on any given deal, he might be working  for the American people or he might just be working for himself. We  will have no way to know.   President Trump has apparently asked Mr. Ross to lead American trade  policy. He claims to want aggressive enforcement of antidumping and  currency manipulation rules, which sounds great, but when Ross actually  has this job, is he really going to be thinking about American workers  or will he be thinking about how to make his KGB buddy from the Bank of  Cyprus just a little richer or will he be thinking about how to help  out his own oil tankers circling the globe or will he be thinking about  his offshore companies and his coinvestors from China or will he be  thinking about the next billion dollars he plans to make?   The American people should not be left guessing about who Mr. Ross  will be working to protect. There is significant reason to believe the  President of the United States has substantial financial ties with  Russia, but nobody actually knows any of the details because he has  failed to reveal his tax returns.   Now President Trump expects the Senate to rubberstamp his nomination  of a top banker to Vladimir Putin's buddies to run the Commerce  Department of the United States. This is dangerous and I will vote no.  Mr. Ross's financial ties with Russians and his worldwide business  deals are not the only problem with this nomination. He is practically  a cartoon stereotype of a Wall Street fat cat with no interest in  anyone but himself. Ross ran a secret club of top Wall Street tycoons  called Kappa Beta Phi. I am not making this up. It is actually true.   So he runs this secret club, which apparently gathers every year to  get drunk and entertain themselves by putting on off-color skits that  make fun of the millions of Americans they have swindled over the  years. That certainly reflects Mr. Ross's world view. This is a man who  made a fortune from the housing crisis at the expense of working  families. After buying the servicing rights to over $100 billion in  subprime loans, Mr. Ross swiftly got to work cheating borrowers out of  their homes.   Here are just a few of the examples of Mr. Ross's approach to  business: lying to borrowers about loan modifications; charging  borrowers fees that were not authorized; taking payments from  borrowers, then not applying those payments to their loans; forcing  homeowners insurance on borrowers who already had homeowners insurance;  robo-signing fraudulent foreclosure documents.   The violations were so widespread, his company had to settle with 49  [[Page S1424]]  States. Let me repeat that--49 States. A man who builds a fortune off  illegally cheating people out of their homes has no business running  our Commerce Department.   So let's summarize. Mr. Ross has extensive ties to Russia. He plans  to keep making money from his major oil shipping companies while  working as Commerce Secretary. He has made billions off the backs of  struggling homeowners, and in his free time he hangs out with Wall  Street tycoons who sit around and make fun of everyone else. This is  disgusting. For all of these reasons--for any of them, really--I urge  my colleagues to reject this nomination.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   