 Would the gentleman yield?    Would the gentleman yield?    Would the gentleman yield?    I just wanted to go back to this question of Medicaid,  because I think you have raised such an important program that is  really a mainstay for the American people. A lot of people don't  understand exactly how much it covers. You have mentioned 62 percent of  seniors in nursing homes.   One in four births in this country is covered through Medicaid. I was  just talking to our good colleague, Mr. Yarmuth of Kentucky. Over half  of the births in Kentucky are covered through Medicaid.    Then if you look at kids with disabilities, Medicaid covers 60  percent of kids with disabilities.   So when you talk about cutting $1.5 trillion from Medicaid, as was  the case between TrumpCare and what was proposed in the budget, which I  know our good friend from Florida is going to talk about, you actually  had $1.5 trillion in cuts to a program that serves 72 million  Americans. So it really is a travesty when you think about how much  this program supports.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   There really hasn't. And I want to say that, if you look at the  budget, you really get a sense of where the priorities are. They are  not investing in climate. They are cutting healthcare dramatically.  They are not investing in jobs and infrastructure.   Now, as the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz) said,  when I was in the State senate--it was  [[Page H5974]]  actually a Republican-controlled senate--together, we worked on a  package and we invested $16 billion into infrastructure because we knew  that that was good for Republicans and for Democrats.   If you look at what this President has to say, this was a tweet that  he just put out:   ``Really great numbers on jobs and the economy. Things are starting  to kick in now. . . . ''   But the thing is that, this week, the White House is calling this  ``Made in America Week.'' Well, maybe somebody should let the President  know that everything should be made in America, because I happen to  take a look at some of the products of the Trump Organization--and I am  talking about Ivanka Trump's products and all of the President's  organizations' products--and here is what I found:   Here is one of the products of Donald J. Trump's signature  collection, made in Mexico.   Here is another one from Ivanka Trump, made in China.   So if the President is so incredibly committed to making things in  America, I have a proposal--and perhaps we should have an amendment to  this effect--that he should start with the Trump Organization. In fact,  much of the steel that was put into buildings that were built by the  Trump Organization was not steel that was made here in America.   I actually have one of the largest steel manufacturing plants in my  district in Washington State. Nobody ever thinks about it that way, but  we do have steel being manufactured in Seattle. And we are in a  situation now where this President and this Republican-controlled  Congress has yet to introduce a single bill that would actually invest  in jobs or infrastructure.   In fact, the budget takes money away from job training. It takes more  money out of infrastructure investment than it puts into infrastructure  investment. And when you think about the Federal Government's role in  infrastructure--of course, we all want public-private partnerships,  where possible--the Federal Government has a very strong role in making  sure that we are investing in all of our infrastructure, not only our  roads and our bridges, but also all of our water sources, and making  sure that we are investing in transit. These are all ways to put  Americans back to work.   Yet, for a President who ran a campaign based on jobs and  infrastructure and a Republican-controlled House, we have yet to see a  single job emerge. And even the jobs that he says he has created,  recently reports that he had created 45,000 coal mining jobs, but,  unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, what we have seen is the numbers show only  800 jobs created in the coal mines.   Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    I thank the gentlewoman for raising that because this  elimination of TIGER grants affects cities across the country--red  States, blue States, Republican, and urban. We have a lot of those  TIGER grants that have paid for our roads, rails, transit, ports, and  new transportation projects.   Perhaps I will turn it back to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Would  you be surprised to know that the budget actually slashes job training  programs for distressed workers by 65 percent?   