 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition  to the American Care Act. After seven years, the Republicans have  released a plan that works to kick people off health insurance very  quickly, increases out-of-pocket costs, and punishes older and sicker  Americans. This is not the package that I envisioned.   Some of the key features of the Affordable Care Act that millions of  people relied on would be gone under this proposal. Under the  Affordable Care Act, states could expand Medicaid, but this proposal  would freeze enrollment to expanded Medicaid at January 1, 2020. On  that date, enrollees who drop off of Medicaid due to income changes  would not be able to return to Medicaid coverage if they dropped on for  one full month. The proposal also changes Medicaid funding to a per  capita cap system which will lead to deep cuts to Medicaid in my home  state of Texas. This punishes low-income Americans who would otherwise  have no access to health insurance.   This piece of legislation forces Americans to pay more and get less.  The average subsidy under the American Health Care Act will likely be  about 60 percent of the average subsidy under current law. Deductibles  and out-of-pocket spending in the individual market will have to  increase due to the elimination of requirements that insurance plans  cover a certain value. Americans will pay more for their  [[Page H4170]]  premiums, more for their care, more on out-of-pocket expenses and  deductibles; all the while giving tax breaks to the wealthy and the  tanning industry.   One amendment to this bill would repeal the Essential Health  Benefits, the ten coverage rules set up by the Affordable Care Act. The  Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover ten ``Essential Health  Benefits'' from maternity care, mental health, and prescription drugs,  to hospitalization and outpatient care. If this is repealed,  comprehensive health insurance will become virtually unavailable in the  individual market. This means that individuals with pre-existing  conditions would not be protected. Younger and healthier people  benefit, older and sicker people suffer.   Another amendment would allow states to waive out of the Affordable  Care Act's ban on pre-existing conditions. However, Members of Congress  and their staff would be protected from this provision and would be  guaranteed coverage of pre-existing conditions.   Mr. Speaker, the public has spoken about this so-called  ``replacement'' bill. People will live or die as a result of this  legislation. The Republican leadership has rushed this bill to the  floor without any consideration and I urge you all to consider its  harmful effects. Your constituents are asking you to work with us to  repair the Affordable Care Act. Work with us.   