 Mr. Speaker, it should come as no surprise today that we  are voting again on a bill that couldn't pass muster because it was  cobbled together in a hurry, hidden from the public, and denied any  meaningful vetting or debate. Tax reform is hard. It is even harder  when you go it alone, cooking things up in back rooms out of the light  of day.   But the real travesty here is that this bill won't help everyday  Americans in the long term. To call it once-in-a-generation tax reform  is an insult to those who came before us: Republicans and Democrats who  linked arms and, through years of partnership and compromise, crafted  the 1986 bill that House Democrats passed with President Reagan.   That is the model we should have followed, because the fact is, we  can all agree that our Tax Code is out of date and leaves countless  families behind.   This year, the U.S. Department of Labor released data showing that  there were around 6 million open jobs unfilled across the country at a  time when around 6.8 million Americans are looking for work. I believe  Congress has a responsibility to the American people to tackle this  problem from every possible angle, including tax policy.   But the Ryan-McConnell plan doesn't just fail to acknowledge or  address the problems that American workers are facing today, it cuts  people's legs off from underneath them just when they are trying to get  traction. Chairman Brady likes to talk about this bill leapfrogging us  to the front of the pack, but the truth is this bill doesn't leapfrog  us anywhere but backward.   This bill does nothing to put educational opportunities in the reach  of more Americans trying to get ahead in the 21st century economy and  does nothing to modernize research incentives that could support new  breakthroughs that create the jobs of tomorrow. It explodes the  deficit, making it that much harder to finance desperately needed  investments in infrastructure that could put people back to work.   Why are Republicans giving away the house to companies whose CEOs are  already talking about stock prices, not jobs?   As a former CEO myself, I know that economic growth is created by  great ideas and great talent, not indiscriminate corporate tax cuts at  the expense of investments in the people who have always powered our  economy.   I think tax reform should be about modernizing the Code to make us  competitive in the 21st century. That means being fiscally responsible,  forward-looking, and investing in families.   Unfortunately, this bill is a letdown for the American people, and we  will no doubt be cleaning up this mess for years to come, not just  today.   