 Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to the  Republican pay more for less care act, under which Americans will  suffer from higher healthcare costs, less coverage, a crushing age tax,  and a ransacking of the Medicare trust fund, which our seniors depend  on for long-term care.   Under the age tax, Americans aged 50 to 64 will be forced to pay five  times higher premiums than others, no matter how healthy they are.  Under TrumpCare, a 64-year-old with an income of $26,500 in the  individual market will pay $12,900 more in their premiums every year  under this bill.   In addition, TrumpCare will take away health care from 24 million  hardworking Americans and will force families to pay higher premiums  and deductibles. In fact, for families enrolled in the ACA marketplace,  premiums are expected to increase by 15 to 20 percent.   It will also punish millions of people who experience a lapse in  coverage by forcing them to pay a 30 percent higher premium each month  in order to receive care.  [[Page H2410]]    Tell that to Suzanne Boyd from Sunrise, Florida, who, with two  daughters heading to college, lost her husband to lung cancer and then  lost the insurance coverage she had through her employer. Thankfully,  she was able to obtain coverage under the ACA for $192 a month with  subsidies rather than a 30 percent Republican sick tax for getting a  life-threatening illness.   Yet this bill apparently isn't harmful enough for the far-right  extremists in the Republican Party, whom Republican leadership has  tried to appease by cutting the ACA essential health benefits like  mental health, maternity, and emergency services.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is like taking a sledgehammer to a clock that  is moving a little slow rather than working on precision fine tuning  instead. It is an immoral piece of legislation. As a breast cancer  survivor, I urge every Member to stand with my sister survivors all  across the country, who number in the millions, to make sure that you  don't devastate our health and make sure that we don't have our lives  threatened.   