 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to give my  strong support and ask my colleagues to support the confirmation of  Judge Ralph Erickson to fill the North Dakota vacancy on the U.S. Court  of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. This is a seat that the U.S.  Judicial Conference has deemed a judicial emergency, as it has been  empty for almost 900 days. Being nominated to a seat on the U.S.  circuit court of appeals is an honor and a privilege, virtually  unmatched in the legal profession.   After reviewing Judge Erickson's record and talking to his colleagues  and the people who have worked with  [[Page S6197]]  him and appeared before him back in North Dakota, I am very proud to  come to the floor this morning and offer my strong support for his  nomination to the Eighth Circuit. When Judge Erickson was nominated and  confirmed to his current seat on the U.S. District Court for North  Dakota, it was with the support of our two great former Senators and my  good friends, Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad. Judge Erickson has  certainly upheld their faith and trust in his abilities as a district  court judge, and I am confident he will uphold my faith and my trust in  his ability as he moves to the Eighth Circuit.   Judge Erickson has a long history of commitment to the legal  profession and the State of North Dakota, first through his service on  the State court and, since 2003, as a judge on the U.S. District Court  for the District of North Dakota. Very few lawyers can make such a  long-term commitment to public service, and his record certainly  reflects his belief that when a lawyer is called to serve for the  greater good, they should answer that call. I hope Judge Erickson is  able to instill this sense of commitment to public service in aspiring  young lawyers whom he will come to meet and whom he will be able to  influence through his example.   A nominee for the North Dakota seat on the Eighth Circuit must have  experience in working with Indian Country, given the number of Tribes  and the Indian land that are contained within the jurisdiction of the  Eighth Circuit. During his career and at his hearing before the  Judiciary Committee, Judge Erickson has shown an in-depth understanding  of Tribal sovereignty issues and a recognition of the challenges and  disparities in the treatment of Native Americans under the law when  they are arrested and charged for crimes in Indian Country.   Judge Erickson has been an advocate for equal treatment of Native  Americans under the law. He also serves as the chair of the U.S.  Sentencing Commission's Tribal Issues Advisory Group. I have no doubt  that Judge Erickson will bring this knowledge and understanding of  Tribal issues, sovereignty, and treaties with him to the Eighth  Circuit.   The best judges always have been people who can truly understand and  bring to the bench a sense of empathy. Judge Erickson has used some of  his own struggles and challenges during the course of his life to  inform his own views and to give counsel to those who come before him  as he uses his own personal struggles as an example. It takes a really  big person to recognize and learn from their failings and to use them  to help others. I admire him greatly for that.   During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary  Committee, Judge Erickson showed an openness and frankness in  responding to questions and discussing his past struggles. That was  refreshing, illuminating, and honestly all too rare here. I believe he  impressed my colleagues on that committee greatly with his willingness  to be so forthcoming and so honest. That is why they unanimously  reported his nomination out of the committee.   It is a tremendous honor to be on the floor of the U.S. Senate before  Judge Erickson's confirmation vote. I am here today to give my highest  recommendation in support of his nomination to the U.S. Circuit Court  of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. I, again, urge all of my colleagues'  thoughtful consideration and evaluation and favorable endorsement of  his confirmation.   Thank you so much.   I yield the floor.   