 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi) for yielding, but also, most of all, for his leadership on  so many critical issues around jobs and infrastructure and, of course,  for pulling together this Special Order hour tonight on this very  important subject, because I think that the American people should  understand that Republicans in Congress are trying to literally rewrite  the U.S. economy with no hearings. There were a couple of markups, but  those are not hearings.   We only just have been receiving some of the information about what  is even in the bill to be able to then see what the effects are. The  reality is that we owe it to the American people to share how this bill  will affect their wallets, their housing, their education, their  healthcare.   Contrary to what the majority would have you believe, this tax bill  is yet another vehicle for Republicans to raise taxes on millions of  middle class families and reward the wealthiest and the largest  corporations by handing them trillions of dollars worth of taxes.   I think that Democrats certainly would love to see, as my colleague  said, real tax reform; by that, I mean tax reform that benefits the  middle class and tax reform that would allow us dollars to invest in  jobs, in infrastructure, in education, in healthcare.   The twist this time that I find interesting is that the Republican  majority has mysteriously jettisoned its dogmatic fidelity to reducing  deficits because--make no mistake about it--however you slice it, this  Republican tax bill will explode the budget deficits.   Mr. Speaker, Representative Garamendi talked about the two-step  earlier, and that is right. We are all going to be dancing a two-step,  because what the Congressional Budget Office literally just released is  an analysis that said that this tax bill will lead to an immediate $25  billion cut in Medicare.   This bill has many provisions in it. We have been talking about the  State and local tax deduction elimination, and that is very important  to my home State of Washington. We have about 800,000 people who are  able to utilize that deduction and were able to reduce their tax  liability by more than $2,600 in Republican and Democratic districts  [[Page H9243]]  across our State. This deduction is significant to our communities  because, really, it guards against double taxation.   The Fraternal Order of Police just came out against what I am calling  the Republican tax scam and the SALT deduction elimination in  particular, the State and local tax deduction elimination.   Why did the Fraternal Order of Police come out against this?   They came out against this because they understand the two-step that  we are going to be dancing. They know that this tax bill and those  kinds of deductions are ultimately going to lead to, and this is their  words: endangering the ability to fund these essential law enforcement  agencies that actually keep our communities safe.   Another crucial mistake that the Republican tax bill makes is  eliminating tax-exempt bonds. For folks who are out there who are  listening, the way to think about this is, if you have an affordable  housing problem in your community, if you have a shortage of housing,  which is happening across the country, then these tax-exempt bonds are  the way that we help encourage and leverage local and State dollars for  affordable housing, with these tax-exempt bonds. They advance, also,  vital transportation projects, and they support infrastructure projects  and hospitals and colleges and charities.   For example, in my district, Seattle Pacific University has been able  to use these private activity bonds to finance nearly $42 million in  construction and renovations to the library and to the school of law.  Similarly, the University of Washington Medical Center has been able to  use these bonds to finance critical medical research that has been  beneficial across the country.   In eliminating several education-related tax deductions, the  Republican tax bill is also cutting off valuable paths forward for  students of all ages to not only improve their lives, but also to join  a workforce that depends on 21st century skills.   Mr. Speaker, I know that Mr. Garamendi spent a lot of time on this,  but repealing the student loan interest deduction is in this bill.   Let me just remind people that we have $1.4 trillion in student loan  debt across the country. That is actually more than credit card debt in  this country.   This bill, in order to get tax cuts to the largest corporations and  wealthiest 1 percent of individuals, would repeal that interest  deduction for student loans. In Washington State, that would harm more  than 275,000 taxpayers who claim that benefit, and it would raise their  yearly taxes by more than $1,000 a year, on average.   This bill also hurts our responsible employers who provide tuition  assistance to help workers continue their studies at associate's or  undergraduate or graduate levels. Tens of thousands of students in  Washington State have benefited from this deduction, and that is true  across the country. Nationwide, it is estimated that 70 percent of all  companies offer tuition assistance.   There is another provision in this bill that everyone should be  concerned with, and that is eliminating the medical expense deduction.  That deduction basically says that, if you are suffering from a long- term, very expensive disease, if you have somebody in a nursing home  and you have to pay for expensive long-term care for people, or maybe  somebody who has cancer, that you can deduct medical expenses for those  kinds of illnesses. This bill says: No more.   Once again, repealing the estate tax, which benefits 5,400 of the  wealthiest families in this country, in order to provide that tax  benefit, we are actually going to take away this critical tax deduction  from regular working families around medical expenses.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax bill repeals the new markets  tax credit, which, again, was created, really, to incentivize  investment in low-income and rural areas. That tax credit is  responsible for creating more than 12,000 construction jobs and an  additional 11,500 jobs in related industries across my State, just as  an example. It is extremely shortsighted to repeal that, especially for  an administration and a party that says that they care about investing  in jobs and infrastructure.   We haven't seen any package for jobs and infrastructure. I am not  sure if you have, but I certainly haven't.   The reality is that this bill, because of this two-step that Mr.  Garamendi described, which I will just remind people what that is: the  transfer of trillions of dollars in wealth from the middle class to the  largest corporations and the top 1 percent, and then through exploding  the deficit, which this bill does, suddenly triggering automatic cuts  as well as a rationale for cutting more from Medicare, from healthcare,  from education, from transportation. That is what we are looking at.   The early word on the Senate Republican tax bill seems to be just as  bad, because I just heard before coming onto the floor that Senate  Republicans are now saying that, once again, they are going to try to  strip healthcare from Americans by including a repeal of the Affordable  Care Act individual mandate.   My State knows exactly what happened because we had a situation like  that about a decade ago, and we had to dig our way out of that. What it  meant was that, essentially, healthcare became way too expensive for  everybody. There were too many people who were not buying healthcare,  so you were stuck with all the people who needed healthcare, who were  very sick. It exploded costs and, literally, Americans across the  country ended up suffering because of that.   They weren't able to get rid of healthcare. Three times we have  beaten that back. The American people, Republicans and Democrats in  urban and rural districts across the country, said: No. We want our  healthcare. Do not take our healthcare away from us.   Once again, the Republicans plan to incorporate this provision and  try to once again strip healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, insanity is said to be doing the same thing over and  over again and expecting a different result. I really fear for the  threshold that we are crossing. I fear for our economy; I fear for our  middle class families; I fear for our low-income families; and I fear  for the future of this country and for the future of our children,  because the reality is what we should be doing, if we were going to  raise money through taxing people more, is we should be investing that  money into infrastructure, jobs, healthcare.   Not only are we not cutting the taxes for people who need it the  most, but we are increasing their taxes to give a tax break to the  wealthiest, and we are destroying all of the investments that we need  to make into the U.S. economy and into our communities and into our  middle class families.   This is an incredibly important issue. I don't think people realize  that the Republicans are trying to push through a vote on this bill as  early as this Thursday.   I really believe that there are some Republicans across the aisle who  have come out already and said that this is not a bill that helps our  families, that helps our middle class families and our communities.  They have been courageous to say that.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank them for doing that, and I want to urge  other Republican colleagues across the aisle to do the same thing so  that we can protect the livelihoods of our children and our families  into the future.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Garamendi so much for his  leadership and for his constant speaking out on the need to invest in  infrastructure and jobs.   