 Mr. President, first, I thank my friend and colleague  from Connecticut for his thoughtful words and thank all of my other  colleagues who come to the floor to speak up for young people who need  our voices right now.   ``Through no fault of their own'' has been repeated over and over  again. These young people, oftentimes babies, were brought to this  country without documentation, but they were brought here. They didn't  know what was happening to them, a 1-year-old, 2-year-old, 5-year-old,  7- or 8-year-old. It wasn't their choice and yet they are paying the  price for what happened.   There is no question, we need immigration reform--no question at all.  I was very proud and pleased to support a major effort a few years ago,  a bipartisan effort in the Senate to do comprehensive immigration  reform. It is something we need because our system is broken. There is  no question. It hurts families, workers, businesses, and farmers in  Michigan every single day, but targeting these almost 800,000 young  people does nothing to solve that problem.   I am anxious to work with colleagues across the aisle to address  comprehensive reform so we have a legal system that works, but we have,  again, about 800,000 young people right now who stepped forward and are  covered by something called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  Program, or DACA, who were told, if they would step forward, provide  the government all of their personal information, information about  their families, that they--as long as they were following the rules,  they were going to school, they were going to college, they were  serving in the military, they were doing the right thing--would be  allowed to stay and be successful in our country.   In Michigan alone, 10,000 young people have been approved for DACA.  Those are some of the numbers, but we are not talking about numbers, as  we know. We are talking about people's lives.   We are talking about 10,000 young people in Michigan who are  attending college, who are working as nurses or doctors and buying  homes and building their own businesses. Maybe they are reaching out in  some other way to be successful in the economy. They are serving in our  military right now. Somebody serving in our military right this minute  could lose their life for our country, the country they love, at the  same time the President--and his administration--has turned his back on  them. These are people raising American children of their own, with  American family members around them. These children aren't numbers.  Frankly, they are our neighbors.   In Michigan, we care about our neighbors. One of our neighbors is  named Wilfredo. He is a Dreamer who was brought to the United States  when he was only 9 years old. Wilfredo works hard. He is a restaurant  supply salesman. He owns a home. He is crazy about soccer, and he says  he is crazy about his girlfriend. He told Michigan Bridge Magazine that  they hope to get married one day, but a future that seemed so bright  just a few days ago now has a dark cloud hanging over it. Wilfredo is  scared. His girlfriend is scared. His family is scared. Will he be sent  back to a country he barely remembers? What will happen to his sister  who is an American citizen? Will he ever see her again?   Another one of our neighbors in Michigan, Juan, shares that fear. He  was only 1 year old, just a baby, when his parents brought him to the  United States. For many years, Juan lived in the shadows, but that  changed in 2012 when our country made a promise to Juan and to others  to suddenly step forward and change their future. He was able to get a  job, go back to school, drive, even buy a house. Juan told the Detroit  Free Press: ``I know of  [[Page S4993]]  no other place.'' He was brought here when he was 1 year old. It is not  about sending him back somewhere. There is no going back. He doesn't  know any other country. He said: ``We love this country and want to  make this country a better place.''   Wilfredo, Juan, and so many other young people are great examples of  why we need comprehensive immigration reform to happen in the House and  Senate, with the White House--not using them in a way that certainly  does not show the best about America.   Right now, though, until we can get comprehensive immigration reform,  we need to pass the bipartisan Dream Act to protect the young people  who have been hurt by this administration's actions. I know we have  colleagues on both sides of the aisle who want to work together to do  something, to prove that America does keep its promises.   These Dreamers have done nothing wrong. They have done everything  right. We need to show them we do care about them and make sure our  country keeps its promises to them.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   