 Mr. President, first of all, I would like to thank  Senator Blunt for his leadership. We have worked side by side on these  issues for so many years, and I am really pleased--as he noted--that  there has been a lot of focus on this issue of the adoption tax credit  and not only how it needs to be fixed in any tax bill and make sure it  is maintained, but, in fact, it should be expanded on. I thank him. We  have both been advocating for that.   One of the reasons I am so involved in this issue is, in my State of  Minnesota, we have historically had a lot of adoptions. One is  international adoptions. We have one of the highest rates of  international adoptions in the country. We have families who have  opened their hearts to kids from Vietnam to Guatemala, to Nepal, to  Haiti.   I have had the opportunity to witness the power of adoption firsthand  when I served for 8 years as the Hennepin County attorney--which is the  largest prosecutor's office in our State. We also have civil  jurisdiction so one of the things I worked on was speeding up the  amount of time it took for foster kids to get out and into permanent  homes. I was able to see firsthand those loving parents who would do  anything to bring these kids into their families. When you see it  internationally, it just breaks your heart if it goes on for years and  years and years.   Right now, domestically, over 425,000 children are living without  permanent families in our foster care system. Over 110,000 of these  kids are eligible for adoption. One of the reasons Senator Blunt and I  came together today is to make people aware that, yes, there is  international adoption--it is so important--but there are also kids  right here in America who would love to be taken in by a family. That  is part of the theme of our Adoption Month for the country.   We have tackled a number of issues over the last few years, along  with former Senator Landrieu of Louisiana. One of them was the  International Adoption Simplification Act, which was a big help in  terms of making sure that older children weren't left behind when  younger siblings were adopted. I worked on that bill with Senator  Inhofe; then, Senators Blunt and Landrieu and I introduced the Accuracy  for Adoptees Act, which helps greatly to ensure that families don't  have to fight with foreign authorities to get their kids' documents  changed.   We are also working on some of the international issues now because  of the slowdown in international adoptions and the work that we can do  there. We look forward to working with the State Department and other  agencies on that.   One of the best parts of our job is helping a family in our home  State with an adoption. Recently, I got to visit a family in the  western suburbs of Minnesota. For years, they had been waiting to adopt  two Ethiopian boys. We worked really hard on this, as the halt of  adoptions out of Ethiopia affected more than 200 American families; one  of them was David and Katie Norton. Because of the work that was done  and the push that was made, a number of these kids came home to their  families.   I got to swing on a tire swing with these two rather fun boys who,  every day, like to put on their bicycle helmets just because they think  that is cool, and they wear them around the backyard. We had a great  time with them.   There are other children, and it makes you realize how close to home  this is and how pleased we are to welcome these kids to American  families. That is what National Adoption Month is all about. We want  more kids to be able to swing on tire swings, so we will continue to  work with the foster care system, as well as the international  [[Page S7194]]  adoption system, to make this a reality for more and more orphans  across the world.   I thank Senator Blunt for his leadership, and we look forward to  working on this issue for many years to come.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Missouri.   