 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise as an original cosponsor  of the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act of 2017, and I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this truly bipartisan  piece of legislation.   We have come a long way in this country in recognizing and  acknowledging the problems of sex trafficking; and not just laying the  blame at the seat of a so-called prostitute but understanding that this  is a crime where the persons being trafficked, as you have heard my  colleagues say, are imprisoned in sex trafficking. And why is it?   You heard them talk about the $150 billion impact that this has.  There is a huge incentive to sell these women over and over and over  and over again. Because unlike drugs, you can resell these products of  these victims again.   Survivors of sex trafficking can't just walk away. They are in  prison. They endure violent beatings, brainwashing, sexual assault,  psychological control, and control of their purses and their  identification. But then they find themselves arrested and convicted  for prostitution, labeled as sex offenders, and then just revictimized  by a system that doesn't understand that they were prisoners of this  lucrative operation.   These survivors face long-term negative consequences. They are denied  access to employment, housing resources, and student financial aid that  is needed to develop a sustainable safe and stable life. The  Trafficking Survivors Relief Act offers survivors postconviction relief  from criminal charges stemming from nonviolent offenses committed as a  direct result of being a victim of human trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, believe it or not, an estimated 300,000 children become  victims of sex trafficking every year through fraud, force, and  coercion. Many of them think, You know, I am going to be taken out to  dinner by someone who loves me, and find themselves imprisoned at that  very moment. Many of them are then arrested for these crimes that they  are forced to commit.   In my State of Wisconsin, 79 percent of human trafficking cases  reported in Wisconsin occur in my district, I am ashamed to say.   In the city of Milwaukee, last year, as an example, Mr. Speaker, two  sisters, ages 16 and 17, were rescued during the FBI's Operation Cross  Country. They told an undercover Federal agent that their mother had  forced them into prostitution. Had they been arrested, instead of  recovered from their mother, who imprisoned them, would they have  deserved to be branded for life with a criminal record?   Imagine every time that they applied for housing or for financial aid  or for a job, that they would be denied on the basis of their criminal  record; and they were coerced into this act as minors by their own  mother. Imagine the re-traumatization and further devastation that  repeated denial would have caused them.   It just makes these people so vulnerable, and it deserves a  legislative solution that we are proposing here today.   