 Mr. Speaker: ``Of all the forms of inequality,  injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.''   Dr. King spoke these words because the health of our fellow Americans  is a moral imperative. What we have before us today is a morally  corrupt bill: morally corrupt because it claws away health insurance  from 24 million Americans, morally corrupt because it leaves nearly 1  million of my fellow Illinoisans without health insurance, morally  corrupt because 240,000 Illinois kids will no longer have the safety  and security of their current coverage.   When you cast your vote today, know that you own its aftermath here,  forward. Will you cast your vote for party or will you cast your vote  to do what is best in the lives of the people you represent?   Think of the last senior whose hand you shook at a townhall. Think of  the last child you hugged at a school visit. Does this bill do right by  them? Will they be better off?   If you have any doubt, vote ``no.'' Vote ``no,'' and kill this bad  bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to this misguided and shortsighted pay-more-for-less bill,  also known as TrumpCare.   In all my time in Congress, I have never seen such blatant disregard  for the interests of the American people.   Twenty-four million hardworking Americans will lose their coverage.   TrumpCare will raise premiums, while reducing critical premium  subsidies that millions depend on. Meanwhile, deductibles and out-of- pocket expenses will go up.   Particularly hurt will be the Americans aged 50 to 64 who will have  to pay five times more than others for health coverage, no matter how  healthy they may be themselves.   TrumpCare then goes on to ransack the Medicaid funds that older  Americans rely on for long-term care, and it shortens the life of the  Medicare trust fund by 3 years.   North Carolina consumers in the insurance marketplace, many of them  insured for the first time, would face the second highest healthcare  cost increases in the entire country, an average of over $7,500. Again:  mainly older, poorer North Carolinians. For example, a 64-year-old  resident making $22,000 a year would see a premium spike of over  $14,000. That is over half of his income.   After years of trying to destroy the ACA, is this the best that  Speaker Ryan and President Trump can come up with? Defeat this bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin).   