 First, I thank my colleague from  Illinois, Congresswoman Kelly, for her leadership in this fight to  reduce gun violence and for bringing us together this evening, as she  has so many times, speaking so eloquently about gun violence, the  effect in her district, and around our country.   Tonight, I would like to focus on a particular type of gun violence.  It is one that happens every 16 hours in America, when a woman is  fatally shot by a former or current intimate partner.   Here are some more horrific facts:   In 8 out of 10 gun deaths involving intimate partners, the victims  are women.   The majority of mass shooters killed their intimate partner during  their rampage, and the perpetrators of domestic violence are the  shooters in more than half of all mass shootings.   Abused women are five times more likely to be killed by their abuser  if their abuser has access to a firearm.   All of this adds up to a grisly reality: American women are 16 times  more likely to be killed by gunshot than women in any other developed  country. You don't have to look very hard to see there is something  very wrong with this picture.   The most powerful Nation in the world, with our proud tradition of  innovation and ingenuity, appears to be completely impotent in reducing  gun violence. At least that is what our Republican leaders would like  us to believe.   We do not debate or have votes on legislation that can help a  domestic violence victim who wants to protect her family or wants to  prevent her abusive partner from getting their hands on a gun. But if  you are the gun lobby, you get a vote to allow those with a history of  domestic violence to access guns.   I am here to remind my colleagues that these actions come with a  devastating price. The names I am going to read tonight are names of  Massachusetts women whose domestic abusers have shot them to death.   These are women who have died just in the last 5 years in  Massachusetts. They are the ones who never get a vote in this Chamber.  They are the ones the majority has not even tried to help:   Eugenia Gomes Monteiro.   Aracelys Valdez DeLeon.   Nicole White.   Amanda Glover.   Jeannine O'Connor.   Kelly Sugarman.   Yahaira Hernandez.   Lisa Trubnikova.   Michelle Batista.   Matilde Gabin.   Mabilia Maranhao.   Elizabeth A. Coyne.   Ramonita Colon.   Audilia DaVeiga.   Julie Treadwell.   Glomerys Martinez.   Donna Zollo.   Tyshianna Atkins.   Belinda Torres.   Keosha N. Gilmore.   Lori Levangie.   These women and other victims of gun violence deserve better, and we  are doing nothing to prevent future deaths. These are just a portion of  those who die every single day in this country. We can do better and we  must do better.   Again, I thank my colleague for all her work to make sure that we  fulfill a promise to keep our families at home secure.   