 Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my  colleague, General Bergman, in support of our bill, H.R. 3262, the Grow  Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of  2017.   The Department of Veterans Affairs and the entire Nation are  experiencing a shortage of quality physicians and healthcare providers.  For doctors  [[Page H6543]]  alone, the Association of American Medical Colleges estimates that, by  2030, the country could face a doctor shortage of over 100,000  physicians. Access to care will only become a harder problem to solve  the longer it takes to be addressed.   Nonphysician providers, like physician assistants, are an important  part of the solution to this shortage. Physician assistants are highly  trained providers that often focus their training on specialties like  psychiatry, orthopedics, and internal medicine.   It is fitting that my bill would help get more PAs into the VA to  serve veterans. After all, the profession started when a small group of  four Navy corpsmen completed the first PA program started at Duke  University. That first program was based on the fast-tracked training  of doctors during World War II. Veterans and the military have always  been a part of the physician assistant profession.   The PA workforce offers unique value to rural and underserved areas.  In places like northern New Hampshire, in my district, PAs help resolve  shortages for family physicians and primary care physicians, shortages  that have existed for decades.   My bill would leverage the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve  access to quality care for veterans and rural locations alike. It would  create a pilot scholarship program that awards no less than 250  scholarships over 5 years to PAs.   Currently, the VA has approximately 2,000 PAs. My bill would increase  the PA workforce at the VA by over 10 percent.   In exchange for these scholarships, PAs would be required to work at  the VA, and their placement would be focused on sending providers to  rural and underserved areas. We know that if a provider is placed in  New Hampshire, they tend to stay there.   This bill would also help get veterans with medical training in the  workforce and with good-paying jobs. It is crucial that we help our  veterans find excellent career paths that utilize the skills they  learned while in the military service, and it is an added bonus that  these veterans get to take care of their brothers and sisters in arms.   The final provision in my bill was included in the Choice funding  bill we debated just moments ago. This provision would provide PAs in  the VA with competitive pay based on the community they serve. This  provision is crucial because it helps recruit and retain these critical  providers. The GAO recently reported that PAs experience the highest  loss rate of any critical occupation, higher than doctors and nurse  practitioners.   I would like to applaud my colleagues for coming together in a  bipartisan way to craft the Choice funding bill. Not only will the bill  fund the Choice Program for another 6 months, but it includes a number  of important reforms that will improve service for all of our veterans.  These provisions include improved authority for hiring in job shortage  areas, measures to increase accountability within the VA, and my  provision to boost the pay of PAs.    I would like to thank my esteemed colleague on the House Veterans  Affairs' Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Chairman  Bergman. His support for this legislation was crucial to its passage  today. I thank our chairman, Dr. Roe, and our ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to immediately pass this bill.   