 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am pleased to join with my colleague  and friend Senator Cantwell to discuss a new GAO report on the cost of  climate change.   As our Nation begins to recover and rebuild from the devastation of  Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate, as well as from the wildfires  that are sweeping across the West, we cannot ignore the impact of  climate change on our public health, our environment, and our economy.  Most of the past focus of the impact of climate change has been on  public health and the environment--important to be sure--but there has  not been nearly enough analysis of the consequences for our economy and  for the Federal budget, in particular.   In 2007, I first became interested in the cost of climate change when  Senator Joe Lieberman and I headed the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee. We commissioned a report by the GAO to  look at the fiscal risk of climate change for both the Flood Insurance  Program and the Federal Crop Insurance Program. Our request was an  attempt to sound the alarm that there were very significant fiscal  consequences to the Federal Government for failing to take action.   The report found that the Department of Agriculture and the  Department of Homeland Security can and should do better jobs of  assessing the fiscal impacts that unchecked global warming will have on  the taxpayer-funded Federal Crop Insurance Corporation and the National  Flood Insurance Program. In addition, the report revealed that  insurance programs had not developed a long-term strategy to deal with  the effects of global climate change, putting them far behind private  insurers that have incorporated these risks into their overall  assessments.   According to a 2014 GAO report, the Federal Emergency Management  Agency, FEMA, and the Risk Management Agency commissioned some climate  change studies in order to better prepare for potential climate  effects.   To build upon this important work, 2 years ago, Senator Cantwell and  I asked the GAO to conduct a comprehensive study on the costs and risks  to the U.S. Government from climate change and to evaluate policy  actions that could be taken by the Federal Government to address these  financial consequences. After 2 years of indepth, nonpartisan analysis,  the GAO publicly released the results of its findings this morning, and  they are astonishing. The GAO estimates that, by the year 2039, climate  change will cost U.S. taxpayers more than $1 trillion. In just this  past year alone, the economic losses will, almost certainly, exceed  $300 billion.   In Maine, our economy is inextricably linked to the environment. We  are experiencing a real change in sea life, which has serious  implications for the livelihoods of many people in our State, including  those who work in our iconic lobster industry. With warming waters,  lobsters are migrating into deeper waters, which poses more risks to  our lobstermen and lobersterwomen. Additionally, Casco Bay, which is  where Portland is located, has experienced an invasion of green crabs,  which are not native to Maine and are devastating some of our other sea  life population. This change in the Maine waters could be detrimental  to our State's economy.  [[Page S6727]]    I am also very concerned about the excessively high rate of asthma in  my State. According to public health physicians, this is due to air  pollution that comes into our State. Now, Maine is not a coal-burning  State, but the emissions from other States are causing the changes in  sea life and are also contributing to the public health epidemic of a  very high rate of asthma. The fact is, Maine is located at the end of  our Nation's tailpipe, and we get emissions blown in from other States,  which affects our economy and the health of our citizens.   The Federal Government cannot afford the billions of dollars in  additional funding that is going to be needed if we do not take into  account and start acting on the serious consequences of climate change.  Spending more than $300 billion each year, in response to severe  weather events that are connected to warming waters and producing  stronger hurricanes, is simply not a solution.   I hope the release of this new GAO analysis will encourage all of us  to think more broadly about this issue, take a harder look at the  economic consequences of climate change, and then use this analysis to  inform Federal policy. We need to support practices and policies that  promote resilience and reduce risk and exposure to weather-related  losses for the Federal Government, for States, and for local  communities.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.   