 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, my colleagues have been here on the  floor over the last few minutes, last night, this morning, and this  afternoon to talk about our distress about people trying again to push  the repeal of the Affordable Care Act without a successful strategy to  move our Nation forward with more affordability.   We just received a letter from 10 Governors basically telling us the  same thing, to slow down and work on a bipartisan basis. They are  basically telling us the proposal people are trying to rush through  without regular order is not the kind of thing which will help us in  making the necessary reforms.   I think these bipartisan Governors--from the Governor of Colorado to  the Governor of Ohio, to the Governor of Alaska, the spectrum of  Democrats, Republican, and Independents is something people in the  United States of America should listen to because it is important we  get this right because the affordability of healthcare is so important.   What I don't like about the proposal now being pushed by my  colleagues--even though they want the States to have some flexibility  and play a larger role--is that it basically ends the 52-year State- Federal partnership we know as Medicaid today; that is, it changes the  dynamic in saying that the States and the Federal Government are in  business together to take care of a population that is the most  vulnerable of citizens in our country and that giving them affordable  access to healthcare is a priority because it actually reduces  everybody's healthcare costs.   When people think about the expense in healthcare, ask any provider,  and they will tell you that 1 in 5 dollars spent on the Federal system  drives the cost of everybody's insurance. If you leave people  uninsured, they go to the hospital, they raise the cost to everybody.  It is not a good strategy. We have seen States that have covered people  on Medicaid actually raise people out of poverty, help their economies,  and reduce the costs at individual hospitals, thereby driving down the  cost of private insurance.   Why would we want to destroy that by authorizing in legislation the  end of this 52-year relationship between the Federal Government and  States, trying to make sure our populations are covered; that if a  State spends a dollar, they can count on the Federal Government to  spend that dollar as well and to continue the partnership that works  cost-effectively.   What I also don't like is it sunsets Medicaid for 15 million people.  If you are going to sunset Medicaid for these 15 million people, when  are you going to sunset Medicaid for the rest of the Medicaid  population? When are you going to try, by legislative action, to  curtail the opportunities for millions of Americans who use Medicaid as  a stabilizing force for health insurance in America? In our State,  600,000 people--most of whom were previously uninsured--would be in  that sunset of Medicaid.   The legislation my colleagues are pushing would basically end the  funding for this block grant program in 2027, which would leave States  with an unfunded bill for those individuals of about $300 billion. I  doubt States have the money. I doubt the individual market is going to  take care of those individuals as cost-effectively as we are taking  care of them through Medicaid. States will then cost shift these  resources back to the public, raising everybody's rates again.   Our job has to be about affordability. It has to be about driving  down costs. It has to be about driving down costs in the individual  market and driving down costs of the delivery system overall. There is  nothing innovative about kicking 15 million people off Medicaid and  sunsetting it in this bill.   I also object to the notion, in this bill, of literally advocating  the privatization of Medicaid. They are advocating that what you do  with this population is take them off the current program and shift  them onto the private individual market.   Some people who are following this might say: Well, wait. Then they  can go to the private market--and, yes, there is support to make sure  we have affordable health insurance. No, because the legislation also  says you stop that support by 2027. So this is just one more sneak  attack by our colleagues at kicking people off Medicaid. To start the  process and agree to privatize Medicaid, where is it going to end?   I am the first to say we can improve our delivery system, that we can  save money. I have advocated I think one of the most cost-effective  ideas of the Affordable Care Act; that is, to move the population of  our citizens who need care in the later years of their life off nursing  home care and into community-based care. It is one-third the cost. Our  State, the State of Washington, saved more than $2 billion doing this  over a 15-year period of time. If other States would do this, we could  save $100 billion or more by having States give people the opportunity  to age at home and have a long-term care delivery system which works in  our communities. It is one-third the cost.   That is innovation. Those are cost savings. That is improvement on  our current delivery system, hopefully covering an aging baby boomer  population that will reach retirement and a population of Americans who  are going to live longer.   There is nothing innovative about just privatizing Social Security,  privatizing Medicaid, and kicking people off by shifting them over to  an exchange and then cutting the resources for the exchange. I hope our  colleagues will stop the notion that somehow this is innovation. It is  not innovation. It is sunsetting, it is privatization, and it is  cutting people off care. That is why we have heard from these Governors  and others about why it is so important not to take this bait.   We need to make sure we are continuing our bipartisan discussions,  continuing to work together about what will drive affordability into  the market. Bundling up a population and giving them clout to negotiate  on rates and giving a State the ability to negotiate on rates--either  on drug costs or on insurance--yes, this can save dollars. It is being  done right now in New York and Minnesota, and it can be done in other  places.   Cost-shifting to the States this $300 billion or then making States  make  [[Page S5839]]  the draconian decision of, ``Wait. I already shifted that population  onto the exchange. Oh, my gosh. The Federal Government just cut the  funds we are going to get,'' and the next thing you know, this  population is left without care.   Privatizing Medicaid is not the way to go. I hope our colleagues will  continue to discuss, on a bipartisan basis, the aspects of the  Affordable Care Act that could be expanded to drive down costs and  increase affordability. I hope they will continue to make sure things  like basic health--the essential elements of what should be covered in  a basic plan--are there for our consumers; that we are not going to  take the bait in thinking that by cutting essential services to people,  somehow that is the way to get a private insurance plan.   We have the ability to work together. My colleagues and I have been  working and discussing these ideas. My colleagues Senator Murray and  Senator Alexander are working on various ideas in their HELP Committee,  as we are working in the Finance Committee, in making sure we expand  and fund the affordability of insurance for children and their families  under the Children's Health Insurance or CHIP program.   Let's not make this worse. Let us not end this 52-year relationship  that has successfully covered a population of America, and let's not  fall for the bait and think that somehow this is going to save the  American taxpayer money. It is not. It is going to cost shift right  back to the private individual, raise individual rates, and we can't  afford it. Let's not privatize Medicaid. Let's fight to make it a more  cost-effective program for the future.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   