 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands so very, very much for yielding to me.   I rise today to speak with you, Mr. Speaker, because we have gotten  so many complaints about the messaging that Democrats have around this  bill, and I just want to keep the main thing the main thing, and I just  want to talk to you, Mr. Speaker, very directly.   We talked a lot about the 22 million, 23 million people who will lose  their healthcare if we were to repeal and replace so-called ObamaCare.  But this goes deeper than that.   This undermines the Medicaid program, a program that will be 52 years  old on July 30, if it survives. This takes away the eligibility,  changes eligibility standards; and right now, Mr. Speaker, there are 70  million people who rely upon Medicaid. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker,  tomorrow it could be you.   The average age of a Member of the House of Representatives is 57.  The average age of a Senator is 61. So, I mean, Mr. Speaker, you are  one stroke away, one heart attack away from becoming disabled. And  after they wipe out your IRA and your pension and your Social Security  so they can care for you, long-term care, or allow you to stay home,  you, too, Mr. Speaker, could end up relying on Medicaid to have a  decent end-of-life experience or to be able to stay in your home.   You are one kidney failure away, one car accident away. Even though  you make $179,000 a year, you don't have enough money, Mr. Speaker,  were you to have a disabled child that would need extensive care. You  would depend on the Medicaid program.   You know, so many people don't care about what is going on here  because they think it couldn't happen to them, that those 70 million  people who rely on Medicaid is someone other than them. But, no, Mr.  Speaker, it is you.   And even if you don't, God willing, have a stroke or a heart attack,  you are someone who is going to suffer from the cost shifting so that,  when 22 million people lose their healthcare, your premiums are going  to go up. Your deductibles are going to go up. And God forbid that you  have arthritis or some other preexisting condition, because under this  bill you will be left at the tender mercies of our insurance companies  where they can charge five times as much for someone who has aged or  has a preexisting condition.   Hospitals in your nice suburban rural area may find themselves being  shut down because they don't get Medicaid payments, and community  health centers--not just Planned Parenthood, Mr. Speaker, that you are  ideologically opposed to, but those community health centers that serve  rural communities.   And how cruel could a bill be where 50 percent of the children born  in this country rely on Medicaid? How cruel could a bill be when 7  million people with disabilities, represented, you know, by those folks  who were tossed out of here in their wheelchairs the other day? And we  will find that after we end the entitlement to Medicaid, we will have  disabled people and children and people who need skilled nursing care  fighting with each other because they will have to win the lottery in  order to be able to access the crumbs that fall from the master's table  of the States in which they live.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will have an impact on you. It is not just  poor people. It is everybody. And I would urge the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands, for us to be mindful of the fact that all Americans,  every American relies on decent, good healthcare. This is the largest  healthcare program in our country that is about to be dismantled, and I  would urge caution and tell everyone, especially you, Mr. Speaker, to  beware.   