 Mr. President, a few weeks ago the Senate Republicans had  to cancel a vote on the healthcare bill because the number crunchers  over at the Congressional Budget Office, or the CBO, pointed out that  the Republican bill was going to take away health insurance from 22  million people and drive up the costs for millions more. So Senate  Republicans started throwing new plans together, one after another,  rolling the dice and hoping the CBO would come back with a better  number.   Here is a quick guide to what the Republicans have tried since the  last time they canceled their vote on this bill. First, there was a  bill that was, basically, the same as the first version but that  included a little bit more money. CBO said it still knocked 22 million  people off their healthcare coverage.   Second, there was a bill to simply repeal the Affordable Care Act,  with no replacement whatsoever. CBO said that one would knock 32  million people off their healthcare.   Third, there was a proposal by Senator Cruz that would let insurance  companies offer insurance at one price to people with no preexisting  conditions and another price for anybody who had anything wrong. We  don't  [[Page S4147]]  even have a CBO score for that one because CBO had trouble figuring out  how many people with preexisting conditions who really needed insurance  would never be able to pay for it under that bill.   Why is it that the Republicans have so much trouble coming up with  something--with anything--that would improve healthcare in America? The  problem is that the Republicans' real motivation behind all these  healthcare bills is not to improve healthcare. It is to give giant tax  cuts to the richest families and corporations in this country. When the  goal is a big tax cut, it is hard to come up with something that  actually also improves people's healthcare.   The Republican healthcare bills have gone from bad to worse to  embarrassing. What makes this so painful, however, is that the health-- even the survival--of real people hangs in the balance.   A couple of weeks ago, I met with families who said they hoped--they  said they prayed--the Senate would not pass this terrible health bill.  Each of these families had a small child who had been born with complex  medical needs.   I met Baxter, who is only 3 years old and has cerebral palsy. I met  Tom, who was born 4 months prematurely and needed multiple surgeries to  help correct his medical conditions. I met Brody, who was born with his  organs growing outside his body in a protective sac. He spent more than  7 months at Boston Children's Hospital, undergoing complicated  surgeries to fit his organs back inside his body.   I met these children, and I have to state that all of these kids are  fighters. Every one of them has endured great pain and shown courage  and determination. Every one of them has needed help from Medicaid for  hospital bills, breathing equipment, special feeding tubes, physical  therapists, speech therapists, and nurses to help train the family on  how to clean a blocked IV line or how to deal with seizures. Medicaid  means these children get the medical care they need, and it means they  can live at home instead of in an institution. It means their families  don't have to go bankrupt. It is that simple.   Without this help, these families would be destroyed. These children  and their families are the face of Medicaid, and we fight every day to  protect them.   Just to be clear, Baxter's mother said to me that, without the help  that Medicaid provided, Baxter would have died. They are good,  hardworking parents with jobs and insurance, but they didn't have the  millions of dollars it took to keep Baxter alive or the money to buy  the equipment and support they needed to keep Baxter at home. Yes, this  is about life and death, and if anyone doubts it, call Baxter's mom and  ask her to explain it to you.   The Republican plan isn't just cruel. It is immoral, and it is not  who we are as a people. We are better than that.   We shouldn't even be holding this vote tomorrow. The American people  have begged Republicans to stop. Governors from red States and blue  States alike have told them that this bill will be deeply harmful.  Patient groups, the American Medical Association, pediatricians,  nurses, hospital groups, nursing homes, and the AARP have all sounded  the alarm, saying these bills would do irreparable damage to our health  system and to families that are trying to take care of their loved  ones.   I urge Republicans to stop the politics. People across this country-- Democrats, Republicans, and Independents--don't want you to repeal  healthcare for millions of people. Listen to those people. Listen to  Baxter and Tom and Brody. Listen to all the people who love them.   I know there is a lot we could do to make healthcare more affordable  in this country. I know there is a lot we could do to make our delivery  system work better. We could work together and build something better  for all of America. But we can't even start down that path if we rip  away healthcare from millions of Americans. We just cannot do this. It  is wrong.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   