 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the  ``Wrong'' CHOICE Act. This bill will have a devastating impact on the  ability of regulators to protect everyday Americans from future  wrongdoing on Wall Street.   If you support consumers, you must oppose the ``Wrong'' CHOICE Act.  If you want to make sure that consumers have a fighting chance against  those big banks and against illegal practices, then you must oppose the  ``Wrong'' CHOICE Act, because this act guts the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau.   In nearly 6 years, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has  returned nearly $12 billion to 29 million Americans hurt by illegal  financial practices, reduced $7.7 billion in consumer debts while  winning $3.7 billion in compensation for consumers, and it has  benefited nearly 50 million households in the form of new protections  shielding consumers from surprise costs in terms on their mortgages and  their credit cards.   Now, at a time when we have a student loan crisis in this country,  $1.4 trillion in student debt, we have to make sure that we are  protecting families, students, and young people around these predatory  debt collection practices and all working families around predatory  lending.    My home State of Washington was proud to work with the CFPB on those  new regulations that would actually protect working people, make sure  that they have off-ramps if they get into predatory loans and make sure  that we regulate that industry.   The benefits of Dodd-Frank are not limited just to consumers, by the  way. Big and small banks have benefited: lending is at record highs,  and 2016 data from the FDIC shows that those banks are doing pretty  well.   The financial crisis, which destroyed trillions of dollars in wealth  and wreaked havoc on the financial lives of millions of families, was  not a random event.    The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission itself said that  widespread failures in financial regulation and rampant predatory  lending practices were key drivers of the crisis. This bill ignores  those lessons and takes us so far backwards, Mr. Speaker.   Real people are struggling to recover from that 2008 crisis, still,  and instead of rolling back protections for consumers, we should be  investing in jobs for everyday Americans. We should be making sure that  the guy on Main Street or the woman on Main Street has a chance against  those big banks and against all those predatory practices.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support consumers and working  Americans and to oppose the ``Wrong'' CHOICE Act.   