 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and fellow member  of the Agriculture Committee, Mr. McGovern, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H. Con. Res. 71, the  Republicans' proposed budget. This plan would make extreme and  irresponsible cuts to domestic spending programs and weaken our  Nation's social safety net.   We should be proposing a budget that provides for real economic  growth. We should be strengthening programs that help young Americans  access higher education, increasing infrastructure funding, and  investing in our Nation's roads and bridges. We should be focused on  vision, aspiration, a budget reflective of our great Nation and the  great things we can do.   This budget instructs my friend from Massachusetts and my committee  to find $10 billion in cuts to agriculture programs over the next 10  years. This decrease will affect our ability to fund essential USDA  programs across our country in every congressional district. These are  programs that farmers, schoolchildren, families, communities, and  Americans rely on.   Where will we be forced to take the money from? Rural development?  conservation programs? our already insufficient nutrition programs?  resources for schools?   At a time when spending on fighting wildfires has surpassed previous  records, will we cut that budget?   This budget and accompanying tax plan does not put us on strong  fiscal  [[Page H7774]]  ground either. Many people don't realize the significance of the  agricultural industry in Delaware. Our State is filled with family  farmers that produce specialty crops, commodities. Delaware has the  highest number of chickens per capita--300--of any State in the Nation.  Many of these farmers rely on the very programs that we will be forced  to undermine if these cuts are realized, and that hurts all Americans.   Access to food is not just a farmer's issue; it will affect rural  communities, urban communities, and all of us. This is not a  responsible way to govern.   