 Mr. President, I appreciate the fact that I am able to  follow my colleague from South Carolina, who has, I think, described  and encapsulated in pretty simple terms this proposal before us.   This tax proposal is good for the country. It is good for American  families. It is good for Alaskan families and South Carolina families.  I am pleased to be able to join my colleagues this afternoon in support  of the reconciliation legislation that we have pending before us.   I happen to believe that the tax reform title will help our families  keep more of their hard-earned dollars. I think it will make American  businesses more competitive. I am also proud to be the author of the  energy title contained within this measure that works to strengthen our  long-term energy security. I think it is important that we recognize  the magnitude of the moment. Once in a generation we have an  opportunity to really take a hard look at our economy, the role that  Congress can play in encouraging new growth, and then take the action  that we need to get the economy back on track.   Our historic tax reform effort will grow Alaska and the Nation's  economy. When you look at it from the broader view--from a thousand- foot view--the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is pro-economy, and it is pro- growth. It is a pro-jobs proposal that reduces taxes and puts dollars  in the pockets of hard-working Americans at every income level.   Think about all that it does in terms of boosting the economy to  create jobs--jobs that feed our families and that help put our kids  through college, jobs that allow you to save for the unexpected events,  to be able to retire with peace of mind, and the flexibility to be the  great innovators that we are in this country.   What we see in this proposal are meaningful developments in the tax  code to provide substantive relief to Americans across the economic  spectrum.   In Alaska, if you take a family of four with two kids, earning  $50,000, that uses the standard deduction, they are going to see a tax  decrease of $1,400. If the same family earns about $75,000, that tax  liability would be reduced by $2,000. The child tax credit benefit that  we see from doubling or nearly doubling that tax credit is from $1,000  to $2,000--$1,000 of which is refundable. It also expands the  eligibility of children under 18, providing significant assistance to  the 22 million Americans who use the child tax credit.   In terms of simplifying the tax code, how often do we hear our  constituents say: Just make it simpler for us? By making it a simpler,  fairer tax treatment for individuals in every income bracket, again,  this is a proposal that delivers.   Most Americans take advantage of the standard deduction, and this act  doubles the standard deduction, resulting in a $12,000 deduction for  single filers, and $24,000 for married taxpayers filing jointly.   I focus a lot on the families in Alaska. We don't happen to have a  lot of large corporations, but when you look to the benefits contained  within this proposal and the impact they will have on our larger  businesses and our corporations, they are significant. Recognizing the  steps that we are taking to lower the corporate rates to allow us to be  more competitive, not only in this country, but globally, all we need  to do is really to look to what we are seeing already with the uptick  in businesses and how we can be doing more to help further incent that.   I think we recognize that lower corporate tax rates will allow our  businesses to compete against our foreign competitors and make the  investments in American operations. It will bring the jobs--the  economic growth that has alluded us for so many years.   In Alaska, it is over 99 percent. Actually, 99.6 percent of our  businesses are small businesses. They are taxed at the individual rate.  So the discussion that we have had with regard to allowing owners of  passthrough small businesses to be able to deduct an additional percent  of their business income from their taxes is a significant benefit for  our entrepreneurs, and one I certainly endorse.   Some of the other provisions that help our businesses are these: the  100 percent immediate full business expensing for the next five years  and the expansion of the Section 179 small business expensing. These  incentivize the kind of foundational investments that implement long- term plans. They help to expand operations and encourage  [[Page S7539]]  businesses to take that risk that is needed when we are talking about  creating lasting economic growth.   The bill also helps our smaller businesses protect what they built.  When someone passes on, they have the ability to be able to pass it to  that next generation. What we have done with the doubling of the  exemption for the estate tax is important. There has been a lot of  discussion about the benefits that is seen with this particular  provision for our farmers. In Alaska, we don't have a big agriculture  section of our State, but we view our fishermen, really, as the farmers  or the ranchers of the sea--truly small businessmen. When you think  about the investment that a fishing family makes in a vessel, in the  gear, in the permits, in the quota, you can have a significant  investment totaling millions of dollars--$7 or $8 million. It is about  a million dollars when you think about the quota and the permits there.  So we are recognizing how we are able to provide just a little bit of  relief to those smaller families. I don't think they would consider  themselves millionaires in the sense of having that disposable income,  but being able to pass on that hard work that you have built as a small  family operator in a fishing business is important, and it is  significant.   The bottom line is that this is a proposal that does work. It does  work for Alaska families. It does work for our families. It gets  dollars into their pockets and relief to our families, and it will help  to restore competition in the global marketplace and, certainly, for  job creators and also in the confidence that now is the time to invest  in America.   I thank the members of the Finance Committee and the good work done  by Chairman Hatch for the work they have done on tax reform.   I would also like to thank the members of the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee who worked with me to report the second title of  this legislation and to report it on a bipartisan basis.   We have very straightforward text. It is just six pages in total,  which is pretty impressive in this day and age, but this small package  offers a tremendous opportunity for Alaska, for the Gulf Coast, and  really for all of our Nation.   Within this title, we authorize responsible energy development in the  1002 area. This covers 1.57 million acres of land in the non-wilderness  portion of ANWR in the northeastern corner of the State. We require the  program to be managed in a manner similar to the environmentally  protective framework that is used for other Federal lands on Alaska's  North Slope. It also provides for two lease sales to be conducted over  the next 10 years.   In terms of how the revenues are shared, we split the revenues from  development evenly between the Federal Government and the State of  Alaska. We have limited surface development to just 2,000 Federal acres  within the 1002 area. This is just one ten-thousandth of all of ANWR.  Again, we are talking about a very limited surface development to just  2,000 Federal acres within the 1002 area.   Many have raised concerns, asking, what about the environmental  process? Do you sidestep that? Not at all. We have not preempted the  environmental review process. We have not limited the consultation  process with Alaska Natives in any way. All the relevant laws,  regulations, and Executive Orders will apply under our language.   I think it is important to recognize that this is not something that  just kind of appeared. Our title is the result of a regular order  process here in the Senate. It will include a regular order  environmental process, with laws like NEPA fully applied after we pass  it. So we have a regular order process before as well as after.   We also strengthened our bipartisan title in committee during our  regular order markup by adding a bipartisan amendment that was  sponsored by Senators Cassidy, Strange, and King. Their provision will  increase revenue sharing in the Gulf Coast to be used for priorities  like coastal restoration and hurricane protection. I think, as we have  seen, given the hurricanes they have endured in the gulf region this  year, there is certainly need for this critical investment.   The 1002 area in the northeast corner of Alaska is a long way from  the Gulf Coast, but it will bring substantial benefits to every part of  our Nation. With this provision, we will generate substantial revenues  for long-term deficit reduction--well over $100 billion over the life  of the fields. I think it is important to keep it in context. We are  not just talking about the short term within this 10-year window but  what will come our way over the life of the field in terms of revenues  to the country.   We are going to create thousands of jobs, not just in Alaska but  really all over the country. We will reduce our foreign oil dependence.  This is important because we are projected to remain a net importer  long into the future. In States like California, our foreign dependence  has actually deepened as we have seen Alaska's oil production decline.  So this means jobs and revenues for them as well.   Of course, you cannot talk about energy security without recognizing  the benefits to our country's national security and what this yields.   We are also taking a major step to make energy more affordable. The  fact is, the world is using more oil, not less. Our prices are rising.  OPEC would like to keep it that way, regardless of the consequences for  America. Meanwhile, the International Energy Agency, among others, is  warning of a looming shortfall in global supply. We have seen the price  spikes and the disorders that result when we fail to respond and to be  prepared.   I think we recognize that these are all significant benefits--jobs,  revenues, national security, affordability--but we should be equally  confident that this will not come at the expense of our environment  simply because we have the technologies, the new developments that  really have worked to dramatically reduce the footprint of  development--smaller than ever. The size of development pads on  Alaska's North Slope has decreased by roughly 80 percent since we began  operations in the 1970s. New technologies have expanded the subsurface  reach of the new rigs by more than 4,000 percent.   Folks have seen the various charts that we have had here on the floor  that show just how far we are able to reach below the surface from one  single well. If you were to drill down from below the Capitol here,  expanded-reach technology can take you all the way out to the National  Harbor, just to kind of put things in context. So the technologies  allow us to have a much smaller footprint.   Many exploration wells are now being built using ice roads and ice  pads that melt when the spring thaw comes, leaving no impact to the  tundra.   Making sure that we are being environmentally conscious at every turn  is what we do and is a priority for us in Alaska.   We hear the baseless claims of destruction and devastation, but the  reality is that is not our experience in Alaska. That is not how we do  business. We need less land to access more resources than ever before.  That is the reality in Alaska today. Alaskans understand this, and that  is why there are so many of us who so strongly support this  development--our entire congressional delegation, our Independent  Governor, our Democratic Lieutenant Governor, our Alaska Natives who  live on the North Slope, including in Kaktovik, which is actually in  the 1002 area.   Some people say this is an area that is untouched and unspoiled.  Well, you need to talk to people who live in Kaktovik who fly in on the  airstrip there, whose children attend the school, who work in the  clinic. These are people who also support the development.   The Voice of the Arctic Inupiat, the North Slope Borough, dozens of  our State legislators, and hundreds of Alaskans have called and written  in support of this effort. That is no surprise because 70 percent of  Alaskans support responsible energy development in the non-wilderness  1002 area. They are joined by many national stakeholders. We have the  U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers,  Americans for Prosperity, Securing America's Future Energy, North  America's Building Trades, the Laborers' International Union of North  America, and the International Union of Operating Engineers, just to  name a few.    There are some who worry about the potential impacts of development  in the 1002 area, and I would be the first  [[Page S7540]]  to agree that the environment and local wildlife will always be a  concern, always be a priority. That is why we did not waive NEPA or any  other environmental laws. That is why the consultation requirements  with our Alaska Native people still apply. That is why surface  development will cover up to, but no more, than 2,000 Federal acres.   The fact is, we will not sacrifice wildlife or the environment for  the sake of development, but we also recognize that is not a choice we  face. This is not an either/or proposition. This has not been the  experience in Prudhoe Bay, where we have seen the Central Arctic  caribou herd grow more than sevenfold since development began, and it  comes because we are taking care of our lands as we seek to develop.   If we are allowed to move forward with development, we will do it  right. We will take care of our lands. We will take care of our  wildlife. We will take care of our people.   I wouldn't support development if I were not convinced that it can be  done safely and responsibly. I was born in Alaska. I know I am the  first Senator serving who was born in Alaska, actually in the territory  of Alaska. It will always be my home. My husband and I have raised our  boys there, and we hope they lead a long and a healthy life in this  amazing and beautiful place. We know there is no one who cares more  about our place, these spaces, than those who call it home. We love  this place, and we will not risk its future for the sake of  development. But, again, we know that is not the case here. We know  that is not the trade-off. We know this is not an either/or  proposition.   The 1002 area was created by congressional compromise decades ago,  and we always knew that its future would require another compromise.  Today, we have it before us. We are not asking to develop all of the  1002 area. We are asking instead for 2,000 Federal acres--about one  ten-thousandth of all of ANWR. We have waited nearly 40 years for the  right technologies to come along so that the footprint of development  is small enough to ensure that the environment is protected going  forward.   I encourage Members to recognize the tremendous opportunity we have  before us. It is clear from my words today and those leading up to it  that I support this legislation, and I would encourage every Member to  follow suit.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Oregon.   