 Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member  for yielding and for all of his incredible work on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, we were promised tax reform, but that is not what we are  seeing in this bill. In fact, you don't have to dig far into this 429- page bill to see that it is a con, a cynical bait and switch for  families at home.   When this bill was released just 2 weeks ago, I started getting calls  from families at home wanting to know how it would affect them. We dug  into it, and I want to share just a few of those examples, but it  didn't take long to see why it was developed in secret and why it is  being rushed to a vote.   On page 254, Republicans propose getting rid of a program that helps  veterans find work when they come home. 300,000 veterans have been  helped by the work opportunity tax credit. The repeal of this provision  to reduce taxes for the very wealthiest is a coldhearted way to say  thank you for your service.   On page 113, this tax scam sends a bill to 9 million households who  have extremely high medical costs. Tax breaks for billionaires are  expensive; we get that. Under this plan, Americans who live in nursing  homes, have a sick child, high medical costs will foot the bill.   On pages 95 and 97, students get added to the list of Americans who  will be forced to pay for the GOP's tax breaks for corporations. They  will see increased debt and taxes.   This bill says: Good luck, students. Building an economy that will  not allow you to pay off the $1.3 trillion of existing student debt  but, instead, will add $2.3 trillion in deficit, this bill was created  for you.   Just yesterday, the President's chief economic strategist was  surprised when the CEOs gathered admitted they would not be investing  their tax cuts in jobs and wages.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Garrett). The time of the gentlewoman  has expired.    Mr. Speaker, he should not have been  surprised. Corporations are already sitting on record amounts of cash  while generations of hardworking Americans have had to pay for tax  experiments like this based on disproven economic theories.   Let's not repeat the mistakes of the past. Let's reject this bill and  work together to create bipartisan tax reform that is fair and benefits  all families.   