 Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak against the  budget resolution's containment of language that might direct our  colleagues in the future to open up drilling in the Arctic National  Wildlife Refuge. I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for his  leadership on this issue and for being on the Senate floor tonight to  talk about how important it is that we continue to maintain this  Wildlife Refuge as it exists.   Our public lands have been under assault from this administration. It  comes in all forms. It certainly comes in the form of trying to use the  Antiquities Act in reverse and, basically, to say: You can open up  public lands for drilling.   This really caused a controversy in Utah with the Bears Ears National  Monument. There are Tribes, sportsmen, fishermen, and hunters who value  the public lands in this national monument and who don't want to see it  turned over to companies or individuals who want to mine or drill for  oil and gas to the detriment of the monument resources. Now the budget  resolution will allow for a ``for sale'' sign on  [[Page S6445]]  some of our public lands to give a tax break to millionaires.   It is not that this is the only issue. As I said, there is the notion  that the administration is taking our public lands and trying to turn  them over to be developed, the notion that they are giving land to coal  companies so they can harvest coal off of Federal lands and then not  charging them a royalty rate which is compensatory and fair to the  American public. We tried to fix that. Obviously, this Secretary of the  Interior is trying to roll that back and give coal companies a  sweetheart deal.   Now we have an EPA Administrator who, basically, has had a mining  company CEO walk into his office and say: By the way, we want to  develop a mine at the headwaters of Bristol Bay in Alaska, home of the  largest salmon run and probably responsible for 50 percent of sockeye  salmon around the world. Immediately after the mining executive left  the EPA Administrator's office, the EPA Administrator sent out a letter  saying: Let's toss aside Clean Water Act safeguards to protect Bristol  Bay, move forward on this idea of allowing the mine application to  proceed.   So much for due process, so much for preserving what has taken the  American public more than a hundred years to put together so that the  public can recreate on public lands--so, yes, hunting, fishing, Native  American, and recreational communities are all upset.   What is the latest play? Let's stick in the budget resolution  language providing for the opening of the Arctic National Wildlife  Refuge to oil and gas development--something that has been so precious  to the United States of America--basically a Serengeti for wildlife, an  intact arctic ecosystem that doesn't exist in other places in the  United States. Yet people are trying what I call a sneak attack, just  like they did 12 years ago, just as people tried to open up the Arctic  refuge for development before and on its own merits couldn't get it  enacted into law. They put it in the Defense appropriation bill,  thinking that there is no way people could vote against money for the  troops--that is how we can get the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge open  for mineral development.   But it didn't work then, and it is not going to work now. The  American people are not for legislative sneak attacks, backdoor ways to  move legislation that could never pass on its own merits. I know the  President wants to get a big budget package together, get healthcare in  there, throw in Arctic National Wildlife Refuge drilling, hope that  people can't vote no, and move forward. I would say, if this is such a  wonderful idea, let it stand on its own merits.    This area, as we can see, is a very pristine part of the United  States. And now some people are saying: Oh, well, we could do some sort  of drilling. Why do you want to have drilling in a pristine wildlife  refuge? When people say: Oh, well, there are refuges that have had  drilling--if that was prior to it being declared a refuge, yes, but  this is a pristine area that we decided to set aside. Why? Because, as  I mentioned, it is a Serengeti, it is an arctic Serengeti of caribou  and other wildlife, over 200 different species of birds that come to  the area, to say nothing about the population of polar bears in the  region. Why do we want to destroy this? It is not that we are somehow  thinking that we are going to get oil reserves out of it for our  Nation. In fact, the issue is really, with the price of oil and the oil  export market that has now been created, oil produced here is going on  to the larger world market. So why is it that we think this is going to  help us in the United States?   People are trying to use a budget process to increase the deficit by  $1.5 trillion to pay for tax cuts for wealthy people. They are willing  to degrade the environment as a way to pay for tax cuts for the  wealthy. I don't agree to it. I don't think the American people agree  to it. They know that this iconic wildlife refuge has been attacked  many times. They know that every time, someone has had to come up with  some backdoor way of trying to get the refuge opened. I think my  colleagues should understand and take note that these have all failed.  They failed in the past because this idea is not the brightest, most  brilliant idea in America. It is not the thing that is going to turn  the U.S. economy around. It is not the thing that is going to help us  get tax reform. It is not an idea that is even going to help us with  the bipartisan effort to move forward on an energy package. If you  think about it, we passed an energy bill out of here last Congress with  85 votes. If this was something that could be done in that package, it  would have been done in that package.   I know that we are going to have more oil and gas exploration in  Alaska. I know there is going to be more exploration in many parts of  the Arctic. There is going to be a rush of Arctic nations to look at  oil drilling off of our coast and in the Arctic Circle. The United  States should get ready and participate in those discussions. I am  first in line to say that we need a fleet of icebreakers to be prepared  and be ready for the advent and the change in the Arctic. There will be  many discussions about where responsible drilling should take place. I  guarantee you, even if you opened up the Arctic National Wildlife  Refuge, it would not stop this debate about more drilling in Alaska.   Let's remember that we set aside this pristine area for a very  specific purpose: to keep the uniqueness that has existed in this part  of the world--just a very small piece of it. Continue to have the  debate in other parts of Alaska and in the Arctic about what the  development of oil resources are going to be.   I encourage my colleagues not to fall prey to another backdoor  attempt at trying to open up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Don't  fall for a cynical bill where somehow somebody is going to try to cram  everything in it and say: You can't vote against it because it has too  many things for your State. Let's do the work that it takes to do  bipartisan work--work together, agree on the things that we can agree  on, and move forward. I guarantee you, our energy policy will be better  in America for doing that.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). If no one yields time, then time  will be charged equally.   The Senator from Wyoming.   