 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Clay for organizing this  Special Order, and the people of Ohio in my district stand with him and  with the young artist I will discuss in a moment.   The United States of America and this Capitol stand as a symbol of  American values and our freedoms. It just so  [[Page H2886]]  happens I represent a district that contains 2 of the 10 finest museums  in America, at Cleveland and Toledo. We know a little bit about  artistic expression.   Here in the Capitol, we have created a place to gather and celebrate  our Nation's highest ideals, and first and foremost among these is the  right of every citizen to freely express themselves as equal citizens.   A recent act of censorship here at the Capitol placed this American  right under threat, and it is important that all Americans think about  this and know about it. I speak to say this action cannot be tolerated.  I stand with my distinguished colleagues and with the American people  to speak out against the removal of David Pulphus' award-winning  painting from the United States Capitol.   There was a famous French artist named Edgar Degas, who said: ``Art  is not what you see, but what you make others see.'' Surely, surely,  David Pulphus' painting does this. And I support Mr. Pulphus' continued  efforts to appeal a preliminary decision by the District of Columbia  Federal Circuit Court that rejected his First Amendment legal claims,  and that case will move forward.   In May 2016, his extraordinary acrylic painting that reveals deep  meaning, which he named Untitled #1, was awarded the prestigious honor  to represent Missouri's First Congressional District in the  Congressional Arts Competition.   I have entered, for three decades, works from my district in this  competition; and just like the other 434 pieces selected to represent a  congressional district in the annual competition, Untitled #1 was  approved and accepted by the Architect of the Capitol for public  display inside our Capitol.   For over 26 weeks, Untitled #1 hung in the underground tunnel between  the Capitol and the Cannon House Office Building. For over 180 days  there was no controversy. And for more than half a year, citizens and  Members of Congress, congressional staff, thousands and thousands of  international and national visitors passed by and viewed it with no  concern.    But that changed abruptly when, in fact, a Member from the Republican  side of the aisle, I think, likely violated the law and pulled it off  the wall in the Capitol of the United States. It didn't belong to him,  but he did that. And, I dare say, that gentleman missed the deeper  meaning of what this young man has portrayed.   There was an added twist of irony in that the censorship moment  occurred 1 day after our national holiday honoring civil rights icon  Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.   The censorship sent a woeful and chilling message to our Nation and  one that says that our young people's voices and their thoughts are not  respected. I say that is un-American. Their views and experiences and  perspectives must be valued.   When we look at what was done, his freedom of expression, even when  expressed through a juried competition, is not protected in the top  site of liberty's essence, the legislative branch inside the United  States Capitol Building.   So Members of Congress have to take a stand. We must demand that the  creative contributions of Americans, young and old, in the arts are  embraced, including inside this Capitol. We cannot tolerate actions  that directly and unjustly stifle or threaten an artist's artistic  point of view. That is what America is all about.   David Pulphus' painting won the honor to represent Missouri's First  Congressional District because it reflects an important, compelling  message. His work reminds us of the value of the arts in a free  society.   The painting was inspired by the civil unrest that occurred in  Ferguson, Missouri, in 2014, and it depicts the racial confrontation  that ensued with police after that fatal shooting of the unarmed teen,  Michael Brown, Jr.   This is a complex work and it does not deserve anyone's rejection. It  tells us about ourselves and our society so that we face it fully. And  if you look at it, there are serious messages in here that say, ``Stop  Killing,'' ``Racism Kills.'' It talks about ``History.''   And if you really look at it, you see that some of those involved in  the killing, there is no right side. One of the perpetrators is  portrayed as a wolf. It is very interesting to study the deeper  meaning. This painting includes challenging images: a man being  crucified, wearing a graduation cap, holding the scales of justice.   This is a young man, he is not even 20 years old, thinking about  this.   There is a horned beast in a police uniform tangling with a devil  with a pointed tail--looks like a wolf--and demonstration signs that  read ``History'' and ``Stop Killing.''   Simply put, this commanding work of art from a teenager is a true  testament to the power and immeasurable significance of our Nation's  young artists who express us.   The debate sparked by its removal from the Capitol is about something  larger than the artwork itself. It is about defending our fundamental  First Amendment freedom. This right to artistic expression is  considered objectionable by a few and applauded by the vast majority of  Americans who understand what free expression in this society is about.   Neither the Architect of the Capitol nor a Member of Congress has the  right to censor, self-censor citizens based on their political points  of view, whether in the name of official decorum or because they find  it offensive or because they fail to grasp its deep meaning.   In America, if you do not like a painting you see in a display, you  simply move on to the next one. You don't take it down. It doesn't  belong to you.   Nevertheless, as a painter myself and citizen who deeply reveres our  constitutional rights, I am confident that in this case justice  ultimately will prevail and Untitled #1 will soon resume its rightful  place inside our Capitol because a young man with this depth of  expression is proudly an American. If it doesn't come back, I fear for  the slippery slope the Architect of the Capitol has begun, and it is  not worthy of us as Americans.   I want to thank Congressman Clay so very much for standing by this  young American who is not even 18 years old yet, I don't think, and who  managed to put this complex piece of art together. I am so proud of  him; I am so proud of our country; and I just know that, working  together, we are going to get it right for artistic expression here in  the House of Representatives.   