 Mr. Speaker, I have a  motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the  final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it  back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to  final passage, as amended.   The National Defense Authorization Act has passed Congress 56 years  in a row, and that is a testament to the collaborative, bipartisan work  the Armed Services Committee has done to support our troops who put  themselves in harm's way every single day to defend our country.   This year, the House Armed Services Committee adopted an amendment  introduced by Congressman Gallego to ensure that none of the funds  meant to support our troops and safeguard our Nation's security can be  used for building President Trump's border wall.   The amendment was debated, amended, and ultimately adopted without  objection by every single member of the Armed Services Committee.   If you ask the people who know the border the best, whether it is  companies, lawmakers, border communities, trade groups, economists, or  law enforcement officials--both Republicans and Democrats--most agree  that building a wall is unnecessary, impractical, ineffective, and,  frankly, a complete waste of time and taxpayer money.   Furthermore, the United States already maintains approximately 650  miles of border fence in areas that most effectively stop the  unauthorized entry of people, vehicles, drugs, arms, and other illicit  items.   Instead of a costly border wall between the U.S. and Mexico, the  Armed Services Committee chose to fully fund military healthcare, raise  the pay of military personnel, and improve our Nation's cybersecurity.   They agreed that President Trump's ongoing effort to build a wall is  wasteful and has absolutely nothing to do with advancing U.S. national  security interests.   I want to emphasize that this amendment incorporated both Democratic  and Republican ideas, and passed unanimously in a bipartisan manner.  But late Tuesday night, House Republican leadership stripped  Congressman Gallego's amendment from the NDAA with the use of a  glaringly undemocratic, procedural gimmick to help Trump fulfill his  campaign promise.   Republican leadership's actions to unilaterally open the door for  funding the wall through the use of this defense bill is an insult to  every single member of the Armed Services Committee, to our democratic  principles, and to the spirit of bipartisanship.   They chose to undermine the unanimous judgment of the Armed Services  Committee without the courage to test their proposal with a vote or  even a debate on the floor.   You may hear my colleague on the other side of the aisle claim that  prohibiting the construction of the wall doesn't fall within the  jurisdiction of the Defense Department. However, I am not sure why the  8 members of the Rules Committee believe that they are more qualified  to judge what should be included in the NDAA than the 61 members of the  Armed Services Committee or the 435 Members of this deliberative body  as a whole.  [[Page H5866]]    Further, I am not sure why the Rules Committee thought that a  discriminatory amendment preventing the Department of Defense from  providing medically necessary healthcare services to transgendered  military personnel was more appropriate for debate than preventing  Trump from usurping funds intended for our troops.   You may also hear that my Republican colleagues claim that President  Trump can't use any funds in the NDAA to start construction of the wall  anyway. But that is not true. Under title 10, the Secretary of Defense  could transfer funding for that purpose this afternoon if he wanted,  all without approval of Congress.   Mr. Speaker, the only way this body can guarantee that Trump cannot  use Department of Defense funds to construct the border wall is to put  that prohibition in the bill explicitly. The only way we can do that is  by passing my motion to recommit to restore Congressman Gallego's  bipartisan amendment in the bill and ensure that our troops are not  robbed to pay for a border wall.   But I want to be clear: the adoption of this amendment will not  prevent passage of the underlying bill. If the amendment is adopted, it  will be incorporated into the bill and the bill will immediately be  voted upon.   We all have an opportunity to stand united to support our Nation's  servicemembers and to protect hard-earned taxpayer dollars from the  President's political pipe dream.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my final amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a  recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   