 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Donald Trump and the Republican Congress  have spent most of the past year pushing their misplaced priorities, no  matter the direct and collateral damage it causes for millions of  Americans across the country.   There are many examples to choose from to illustrate this point. Just  last night, the Vice President had to come in and break a tie to  protect huge corporations from the victims of the frauds they  perpetuated. Now they are putting together a huge tax cut for the  wealthiest people in our country, and they are trying to sell it as a  raise for the middle class. In Hawaii, we call this shibai--or B.S.   But there is perhaps no issue in which Donald Trump's dangerous  agenda has caused more harm than his quest to deprive millions of  Americans the healthcare and the health insurance they need. His first  attempt at repealing the Affordable Care Act would have thrown as many  as 30 million people off of their health insurance. Thanks to the  combined efforts of so many people--active people, engaged people  across the country--we defeated this proposal.   A few months later, continuing the assault on healthcare, Donald  Trump renewed his attack on our healthcare system under the so-called  Graham-Cassidy bill. But once again, the combined outrage of millions  kept the bill from coming to the floor.   In the time they spent on their single-minded, unrelenting quest to  repeal the Affordable Care Act, Donald Trump and Republicans in  Congress have allowed authorization for the Children's Health Insurance  Program, or CHIP, to lapse. Nearly 30,000 children in Hawaii and more  than 9 million across the country depend on CHIP for their healthcare.  You heard just now my colleague from Ohio tell you stories about the  children in Ohio--children with asthma. In Hawaii, we have children  with asthma, children with diabetes.  [[Page S6808]]    Nearly 30,000 children in Hawaii who rely on CHIP for their  healthcare are being affected by our inaction. Primarily covering  children from low-income families who earn too much to qualify for  Medicaid, CHIP provides critical and much needed care for children with  complex medical conditions.   Although existing funding has allowed States to stretch budgets to  keep the program in place, money is quickly running out. If we don't  take action soon, as many as 4 million children could lose their health  insurance entirely--4 million children.   Congress cannot and should not be complicit in what I would call  gross negligence. It is not negligence; it is gross negligence.   CHIP has traditionally enjoyed bipartisan support. In fact, it  emerged from the committee with bipartisan support. I am glad Senators  Wyden and Hatch have come together to create the KIDS Act, which I have  cosponsored. This bill would extend CHIP's authorization and funding  through 2022 and provide much needed certainty to millions of families  across the country.   If we brought this bill to the floor right now, it would pass. It  would clearly have the votes to pass. The only question is, Why don't  we do it? Why don't we provide healthcare to millions of children in  our country, for Heaven's sake?   I cannot believe that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  are afraid to risk incurring the wrath of a vengeful President. I  cannot believe that is what is keeping them from doing the right thing.   I encourage the majority leader to bring this bill to the floor for a  vote as soon as possible.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   