 Mr. Speaker, if you opened up your copy of Dodd-Frank,  this big thick book with 2,300 pages of microscopic print, and went all  the way back to title XV, way back in the back, under ``Miscellaneous  Provisions,'' you would find excessive complexity and a regulation that  only breeds corruption, not the other way around.   In these provisions lies section 1504, which directs the SEC, the  Securities and Exchange Commission, to adopt a rule requiring resource  extraction issuers to report payments to the U.S. and foreign  governments for the commercial development of certain natural resources  and make them available to the public.   Though we all fully support transparency and accountability, I  believe that section 1504 fails to protect investors while  simultaneously decreasing the productivity of capital markets and  competition in the marketplace. This rule has stifled job growth and  expansion.   The SEC estimated that the cost of the new rule would be somewhere  between $239 million and $700 million in initial startup compliance  costs alone. After the first year, the SEC projects it would be an  annual ongoing cost of compliance ranging from $100 million to $591  million. Rather than this rule, companies could reinvest these dollars  into creating opportunities for local communities, which will result in  the creation of more good-paying jobs for Americans.   My district in central New York and the Southern Tier has the highest  or one of the highest unemployment rates in the Nation and a lower  median household income than the national average. Section 1504 is  merely another example of how bureaucratic government overreach can  result in lost opportunities for the people in the 22nd District of New  York and all hardworking American workers. However, instead of taking  this opportunity to empower our citizens who are eager to get back to  work, we are fueling additional costly government regulations.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Let me emphasize, we are not eliminating the SEC's or the  DOJ's enforcement authority. We are simply asking them to revisit this  rule. Both of these agencies still retain their power to ensure a level  playing field and to root out corruption.   It is important we recognize that vacating this rule is part of the  joint resolution. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this  resolution.   