 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this morning to talk  about a GAO report, or a Government Accountability Office report, that  is being released today, which says that the cost and impact to the  Federal Government of climate change is in the billions of dollars. In  fact, it is in the hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 5  years, and, over the next decade-plus, it is in the trillions of  dollars.   Why is this so astounding? It is astounding because we have not had  the Government Accountability Office outline for us before what the  impacts of climate costs the U.S. taxpayers, what it costs the Federal  Government, and that we are paying an astronomical cost. Right now we  are discussing the supplemental, and we can see the costs of the damage  we have experienced from storms, damage from wildfires, and damages  from other kinds of events and how much it costs the Federal  Government. The GAO took the last 2 years to develop this report after  receiving a letter from me and Senator Collins of Maine to say that we  wanted to understand these costs.   Why did we do this? The Senator from Maine and I have long been  advocates of looking at issues of adaptation and mitigation. We can  debate all we want about what people think the impacts are of climate  and what drives it. What we are here today to say is that we know that  it is costing billions of dollars, and, as stewards of the taxpayers'  money, we ought to do a better job at adaptation and mitigation. That  is why we sent the letter, and that is why, probably 7 or 8 years ago,  she and I started working to try to encourage various agencies that are  most impacted by this to do a better job at adaptation and mitigation.   For us in the Pacific Northwest, we got to this point because we saw  a shellfish industry almost devastated by the level of ocean  acidification caused by changes in temperature. It was so  [[Page S6726]]  much so that we had to help the shellfish industry with science and  research. If we wanted to keep a shellfish industry, we had to look at  the science behind the seeding and do it at specific times when there  was the right chemistry balance in the water. This incredible economy  is enjoyed by so many Americans. The Washington shellfish industry that  we have--five generations, six generations of families in that  industry--was almost lost because of these changes.   Also, as a State that has a great deal of hydropower and very cost- efficient electricity, a 1-degree temperature change means a lot too in  terms of snowpack--20 percent less snowpack. It means a lot to us for  the challenges we face in keeping affordable electricity rates.   When it comes to fire, we have certainly taken it on the chin with  two unbelievable back-to-back fire years, with unfortunate loss of life  and billions of dollars of economic loss impacting both the Federal  Government and to local communities.   What we are saying is that we can do better. We need to recognize  these costs and the impact and do a better job of planning for them in  the future. That is why one of the things that I have done with my  colleagues--Senator Murray from Washington, Senators Risch and Crapo  from Idaho, and Senators Merkley and Wyden from Oregon--was to  introduce a bill to help reduce our risk when it comes to fire seasons  and what we can do to better protect our communities. That is the kind  of planning and adaptation that we think we need to address.   Today's report cannot be ignored. It cannot be ignored that the  Federal Government is going to have to spend this much money dealing  with the impacts of climate. That is what the Government Accountability  Office is saying. It says we need a better plan. We need to reduce  costs. We need to look at these impacts and make sure that we as a  nation are putting every resource into this. Otherwise, we really will  be spending trillions of dollars.   That trajectory is real. That is what the GAO report says--hundreds  of billions of dollars now and trillions in the future, but if we would  simply recognize these impacts and start addressing them by having  agencies recognize climate and plan for it, both in terms of adaptation  and mitigation, I guarantee you that we can save the taxpayers money.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will heed this  report. This report is saying that climate is impacting us, the Federal  Government. It is costing us a great deal of money. I guarantee you  that it is money we would rather have to focus on whatever issues my  colleagues would like to focus on--whether it is education, job  training, or any of the other issues that someone might want to  address, such as healthcare. We cannot afford to continue to pay this  kind of money while not dealing with climate.   Impacts and costs are only going to accelerate. That is the scary  thing. The GAO report says these numbers are going to increase for the  future. Can we at least sit down at the table and talk about the ways-- just like on fire, just like on flooding, just like on drought--to plan  strategies for how we can work together to mitigate these impacts? I  guarantee you, if we don't, this bill is going to continue to rise and  the conflicts are going to get worse.   If you look at this year alone--even though I am saying it is $600  billion over the next 5 to 10 years and trillions over the next 20--we  will probably see $300 billion in economic impacts in Texas, Florida,  and Puerto Rico.   What is the conclusion I am drawing? I think the report is very  clear. The research is very clear. One thing that is happening, as the  climate changes, is that there are more intense weather events. These  intense weather events are presenting challenges like we have never  seen before. These challenges and the devastation that caused them are  something that we need to take into consideration in the future.   Certainly, we need better science. We shouldn't rely on the European  weather agency to give us the best, most accurate information about  storms and weather. We should do that ourselves. We should use the  great research that is being done at the labs in Tennessee on climate  and what we can do to best prepare our Nation. We need to come to the  table when it comes to the issues of drought and plan for strategies  that work and work successfully now, not wait another 20 years and have  the cost be even more astronomical.   I thank my colleague from Maine for joining this effort of getting  this documentation by the Government Accountability Office. We need to  take their accounting very seriously and start doing things that will  help us reduce the risk, lower the cost, better protect our  communities, and give the taxpayers a sense that we are not leaving  them to devastation and storms every year but that we are coming up  with better strategies to save lives and to save dollars.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   