 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to  me.   Madam Speaker, I rise for Tori. This is her story:   Tori and her husband planned her pregnancy carefully to make sure  that her maternity leave worked with her graduate studies, and they  were thrilled that the plan right for their family came together and  they were pregnant.   At 20 weeks, during a routine ultrasound, they were devastated to  learn that the fetus carried a rare disorder that resulted either in  the death of the infant shortly after delivery, or a very shortened  lifespan wrought with profound disability. Their situation was now out  of control. It is one decision that no parent ever wants to have to  make.   Their decision was agonizing: end the pregnancy after 20 weeks or  watch their child die or suffer.   Madam Speaker, on behalf of Tori, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no''  on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans.    Mr. Speaker, I wanted to just pick up on something  that Congressman Veasey said, but first let me just thank the gentleman  from California for his relentless push to make sure that we have good  jobs in America, that that is part of our better deal. We are not just  talking about jobs. We are talking about good jobs.   I wanted to just say that when it comes to women, if women want equal  pay for equal work now, join a union. There aren't any union contracts  that say: Oh, we are going to pay men up here and women over here, not  79 cents on the dollar for a woman in a labor union.   So I encourage my friends--my sisters--to join a union.   Marc Veasey and Brendan Boyle are both the co-chairs of what we call  the Blue Collar Caucus. I am part of it. Notice my blue collar today.    Mr. Speaker, I am a proud member of that caucus  because workers, as we know, are just not getting a fair deal right now  in today's economy. The U.S. is the richest country in the world and in  the history of the world. We are richer than we have ever been. Now,  most people don't actually feel that because the ordinary worker has  not seen any wage growth in the last 2, maybe 2\1/2\ or 3 decades. The  income gap between top executives and the average worker is bigger than  ever. At the same time, corporations are raking in record profits as  they ship jobs overseas.    So, obviously, it is time for us to fix the economy that is rigged  against America's working families. We can start with our Tax Code or  end with our Tax Code or in the middle with our Tax Code. We need to do  something about our Tax Code.   So today I am joining with Congressmen Boyle and Veasey to  introduce--we introduced just a few minutes ago--the Patriot Employer  Act, and that is H.R. 3925. It is a first step toward fixing a broken  tax system.   Instead of giving tax breaks to companies that offshore jobs and that  pay poverty wages, our bill encourages businesses to create good jobs  here at home.   Here is how the bill works. We reward patriot employers with a tax  credit for each employee's wages. To qualify for the patriot employers  tax credit, a business must fulfill the following checklist:   One, invest in American jobs, no offshoring or tax inversion schemes;   Two, pay living wages;   Three, contribute to workers' retirement security through a defined  benefit or defined contribution plan;   Four, provide quality health insurance;   Five, provide paid leave;   Six, and lastly, have practices in place to support employment of our  troops, our veterans, and people with disabilities.   There is a companion bill that was introduced by Senator Sherrod  Brown, and I am sure he will get more cosponsors.   Small businesses, under 50 employees, can qualify for the tax credits  by meeting only some of these criteria.   Unlike the Trump-GOP tax giveaway proposal, our bill is responsible.  It pays for the new tax credits by closing existing tax loopholes that  incentivize corporations to invest overseas. I think most Americans get  that there is actually an advantage now for companies who decide to  take their jobs out of the United States.   Under the current Tax Code, multinational corporations get to defer  taxes on overseas earnings until they bring those profits back to the  United States. Through creative accounting, corporations essentially  get to avoid taxes in perpetuity. That is forever.   At the same time, those corporations can deduct interest expenses on  investments overseas, such as building a new manufacturing plant  somewhere. That is totally backward. We are rewarding corporations that  are avoiding U.S. taxes and offshoring American jobs.    That is exactly right, Mr. Speaker. If a corporation  deducts interest expenses on investments overseas, and that would  include building a new manufacturing plant offshore somewhere.   So we don't want to be rewarding corporations that are avoiding U.S.  taxes and offshoring American jobs and giving them benefits. So the  Patriot Employer Act fixes that. It raises taxes on corporations that  offshore and reduces taxes on businesses that invest in good, American  jobs.   The President talks about America first. This is exactly the kind of  thing that we should be doing. Let's not create incentives to take  those jobs away. But still, the Trump-GOP tax plan is a betrayal of  American workers. I don't know if he knows that. It does nothing to  raise wages. In fact, 80 percent of the plan's tax cuts would go to the  top 1 percent of earners.   At the same time, 30 percent of middle class families--$50,000 to  $150,000--would actually see a tax increase under the plan.   As for corporate taxes, it doubles down on the problem in the current  Tax Code. While our current Tax Code lets multinationals put off paying  taxes on offshore profits, the new Republican plan would give permanent  tax breaks for offshoring.   The Republican tax plan means less revenue for investments that grow  the middle class, like education and infrastructure, which we need so  badly, which he said he wanted to do. We want to do it with him. It  means more  [[Page H7735]]  jobs shipped abroad. For many middle class families, it would mean a  smaller paycheck.   So we are offering a different path. The Patriot Employer Act,  together with stronger unions and greater public investment, offers a  real solution to the growing inequity in our country.   There are responsible businesses in our country. If a business pays  fair wages and provides good benefits, we should support that. We  shouldn't make them compete with corporations that don't.   In the end, it is a question of whose side are you on: the offshoring  corporation or the American worker?   Mr. Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to reject tax cuts for  millionaires, billionaires, and multinational corporations, and to  invest in American workers and not offshoring.   So I just want to thank the gentleman from California so much for  letting me come today and talk about this new bill that was introduced.  I think it is totally consistent with our better deal, better wages,  better future, and better jobs for America. I thank Congressman  Garamendi so much for his leadership on this issue.    Mr. Speaker, I am going to come to the gentleman  right now and get his signature.    