 Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank my colleague for  yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I was fortunate enough to bring the ACA to the floor  after years of working on it and experts writing it. It had such  incredible things in it. I think it would behoove us this morning to  talk about what every one of us who has health insurance is going to  lose because the benefits of the ACA accrued to all of us.   Now, you need to know first that we are going to lose the fact that  85 cents of every premium dollar will go for health care. It will go  back to insurance profits. We are also going to lose the fact that  families could no longer go bankrupt because of health care.   The largest cause of bankruptcy are families with medical bills, and  the ACA took care of that. Nobody ever talks about that much, but if a  single person spent $4,500 a year on health care, a family $12,500, the  insurance companies picked up the rest of it.   How about that? That is a pretty good loss that we are going to face.  So why in the world are we rushing into this thing?   Well, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, verified as  recently as last Saturday evening in Pennsylvania that we have to do  this first because $800 billion has to come out of health care so that  they could do the tax bill with great corporate tax relief for the 1  percent. So as you lose your health care, your ability to go to the  doctor, and your preexisting conditions because risk pools don't work,  be comforted by the fact that we are in the hands of people who put the  needs of corporations and wealthy people ahead of the citizens of the  United States.   Just in case you think people aren't paying any attention, for the  first time in my life, my office has 185 applications for six seats as  interns in the summertime. It is unheard of. Calls in my office have  gone from about 10 a day to 80, all of them talking about this. I have  never seen political suicide in my life like I am seeing today. I think  our leader put it so succinctly: you are tattooing that on your  foreheads.   Now, those people out there who have really gotten sort of used to  this, all we have heard all the way through is that this is going to  fall apart. The problems going on with the ACA right now are that the  insurance companies have uncertainty because of what has been going on  here.   I need to bring up one of the greatest hoaxes in America in any  institution that passes laws. For over 60 times, you brought to the  floor of this House and we debated bills to do away with the health  care. ``Repeal and replace,'' you shouted. Millions and millions of  dollars' worth of time on this floor were spent on what was absolutely  a hoax because you had no repeal-and-replace plan. It was simply all  talk, and now you have got to rush through this so you can do your big  tax bill.   I am sorry to see this happen. It is a sad day for the United States.   