 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Visclosky very much.   Mr. Speaker, every year, our top responsibility as appropriators is  to finish the 12 spending bills that keep our government running by  October 1 of the year before that fiscal year is supposed to start. But  here we are today, March 8, halfway into fiscal year 2017, finally  voting on a compromise bill that closely reflects the request the last  administration delivered to us 1 year ago February.   Our service chiefs and Secretaries present a consistent, clear  message to Congress. They have pleaded for stability and predictability  in the budget so they could ensure complete readiness of America's  forces. Force readiness remains the defense community's top priority.  Funding the capabilities to provide this responsibility must remain our  top priority. We must approach Congress' appropriations responsibility  from the historic bipartisan process that has broken down once too many  times in recent years.   This political infighting harms the stability and predictability  necessary for our Armed Forces to properly plan. It left both our  adversaries and allies questioning our ability to defend or support the  multiple conflicts we are currently engaged with abroad.    This compromise worked out by our responsible colleagues, Chairwoman  Granger, Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Visclosky, Ranking  Member Lowey; and their Senate counterparts are strong glimmers of hope  that we might actually finish the 2017 appropriations responsibilities.  But we have ten additional subcommittee bills that are equally  important and account for nearly half of our budget.   When will we vote on those compromised bills?   I could think of little that would be more irresponsible than to only  move this defense bill and leave the remaining departments and agencies  operating under a continuing resolution.   I have always supported our troops and our national defense. However,  we know the safety and well-being of the American people does not  merely rely on defense funding. It is rooted in the stability of the  Republic they are sworn to protect and defend. We have a responsibility  there, equally important.   Our financial commitments to energy independence, critical  infrastructure, homeland security, funding for first responders,  teachers, and healthcare programs are equally necessary to increase  America's security at home and abroad. I hope my colleagues alleviate  this concern and quickly package the remaining bills for a vote, as the  American people so richly deserve.   