 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    What is the pending business?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Bernhardt nomination is pending.    I thank the Chair.   Madam President, I rise today to speak about the Bernhardt nomination  to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior.   The Deputy Secretary plays an important role in forming and carrying  out the administration's policy on a broad range of issues. These  issues include our Nation's public lands, our national parks, our  national wildlife refuges, our water resources, mineral and energy  development on public lands and Federal waters, carrying out our trust  responsibilities to our Tribal nations, and working with our  territories and Freely Associated States.   The Deputy Secretary also performs very important functions as it  relates  [[Page S4096]]  to the Secretary or in the Secretary's absence. In virtually all  matters, the Deputy Secretary has the authority of the Secretary. That  is why I look at this position with such an important critique, because  we know in past positions there have been conflicts, and we know we  have important policies to discuss, and we need to make sure we have no  conflicts of interest.   I have made no secret that I have concerns about this nomination. Mr.  Bernhardt is no stranger to this body and he is no stranger to the  Department of the Interior. He held a number of senior political  positions in the Department during the Bush administration beginning in  2006.   After leaving the Department in 2009, he returned to a successful  private practice. For 8 years, he has represented a wide range of  clients, including oil and gas companies, mining companies, and water  supply interests in California, just to name a few. If he is confirmed,  he will oversee the same companies at the Department of the Interior;  that is, he will be making decisions on the same things that he lobbied  for at the agency, and now he will be on the other side of the table  and be able, after a short period of time, to make decisions in those  areas.   So, as I said at his confirmation hearing--I'm not suggesting that  just working for the private sector disqualifies someone, but when you  have a wide range of issues that you have worked on in the private  sector and now you are going to be on the other side of the table, it  brings up concerns.   The President of the United States traveled the country when he was  campaigning and said he wanted to drain the swamp from special  interests, and he has repeated that many times over the last few years.  But with Mr. Bernhardt's nomination, I am afraid he is not draining the  swamp, he is actually helping to fill it.   The nominee's private sector experience as a registered lobbyist for  companies whose main public policy focuses are in the Department of  Interior creates an appearance of a conflict of interest. Also, the  nominee wants to lead the Department that he sued four times.   It is true that Mr. Bernhardt has considerable experience. We saw  another nominee come to this same post in a past administration on the  same basis. People thought he had a lot of experience in a lot of these  cases, but he obviously didn't follow the law and ended up going to  jail because of his overreaching within the agency and organization.   So these are very important public policy issues, public lands  issues--interests that the American people need to make sure are  aboveboard and no conflicts of interest.   Mr. Bernhardt served in the highest levels of the Department of the  Interior at a time when the inspector general called it ``a culture of  ethical failure.'' I know that at the hearing he told us he tried to  help change that failure of culture within the agency. The Inspector  General also testified that ``ethics failures on the part of senior  department officials--taking the form of appearances of impropriety,  favoritism and bias--have been routinely dismissed with a promise `not  to do it again.' ''   While Mr. Bernhardt has given testimony about the fact that he tried  to help change and get away from that culture, I still have concerns  that his private sector client base poses a significant problem. The  nominee's extensive client base in the area, which falls under the  jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior, creates at least an  inherent appearance of conflict. He and his clients have lobbied  extensively on such matters as the Cadiz pipeline in California,  opening up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil exploration, and  weakening the Endangered Species Act. He has advocated in favor of  expanding offshore drilling and lifting the moratorium in the Gulf  after the Deepwater Horizon disaster. He also represented Westlands  Water District, the Nation's largest irrigation district, as a  registered lobbyist. His law firm represented Westlands in four  different lawsuits against the Department of the Interior.   In November 2016, he joined the Trump transition team, and Mr.  Bernhardt deregistered as a lobbyist for Westlands yet continued to  work for them in some capacity.   As the ranking member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee,  I raised concerns about these issues with the nominee during his  confirmation hearing. He has submitted required financial disclosure  and ethics forms, but there are specific questions we want to make sure  are addressed.   He has declined to comment on recusing himself beyond just the 1-year  minimum that is required by the ethics rules. I know Mr. Bernhardt says  he will comply with whatever the organization and agency requires, but  we don't have the time, given the long list of conflicts of interest  and given that past case representation, to constantly know every issue  and every meeting and every oversight to make sure that undue influence  is not being pressured at the Department of Interior.   The President of the United States, who nominated Mr. Bernhardt, told  the Times just yesterday in a conversation about the Attorney General:  ``If he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me before he  took the job and I would have picked someone else.'' Well, I hope that  is not the issue here. I hope the agency isn't running fast toward  somebody who just won't recuse themselves in hopes that they will get  someone who will do the bidding of these interests and not take into  consideration the complexity, the legal structure, and the challenges  that dealing with these issues takes.   In fact, as late as March of this year, Mr. Bernhardt's firm was  submitting invoices to Westlands for lobbying charges with itemized  expenses. Documents show he was engaged in regular contact with  congressional offices and working on legislation and efforts to inform  administration policy at the same time he was serving on the Trump  transition team.   Even the appearance that Mr. Bernhardt was still lobbying on behalf  of clients that do business with the Department of the Interior at the  same time he wants to help lead it validates some of the concerns we  have been expressing.   I remain concerned about his record on behalf of these corporations  at the expense of the environment and his tenure at the Department of  the Interior and many other challenges. The Department's  responsibilities and jurisdictions are just too vast. They are too  important to the American people to just green-light someone who I  believe will be very challenged in doing this job. So I urge my  colleagues to oppose this nomination.   Just today, a complaint was filed with a U.S. Attorney about this  nominee's alleged lobbying activities based on new records available  pursuant to California public records law. I want answers from the  nominee. We are going to continue to ask questions.   In the meantime, I ask my colleagues to oppose this nomination. Make  sure we get the answers we need before the nomination of David  Bernhardt can continue.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   