 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Davis for  yielding.   I want to give a big thanks to my friend and colleague,  Representative Karen Bass of California. She is a true champion for our  foster youth. I was happy to participate in her Foster Youth Shadow Day  last month, which gave me the opportunity to meet with a constituent of  mine that directly benefits from the Chafee Foster Care Independence  Program. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to host a foster child  next year.   I also want to voice my strong support for Representative Bass' bill,  H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act.  The current Chafee Foster Care Independence Program plays an important  role in our larger foster care system, and the services it provides  should be extended to cover older youth up to the age of 23.   I was able to hear firsthand from my foster youth shadow, Khadejah  Moore, about the struggles that foster youth face when they age out of  the system. These young adults are thrown into the real world with  little to no support system. It is an incredibly frightening time for  these young youth. But if we can extend the Chafee Foster Care  Independence Program and also allow youth more time to use education  vouchers, they have a better chance of having the opportunity to  graduate college and successfully enter the workforce.   This is an important, commonsense bill, and I want to thank both  Representative Bass and Representative Faso for introducing this  legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2847.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Davis for  yielding me the time.   At this time, I would like to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Kelly).   As we have discussed, H.R. 2866 requires HHS to identify reputable  model licensing standards so that States can determine whether their  current requirements are in accord.   Is it your expectation that the National Association for Regulatory  Administration's Model Family Foster Home Licensing Standards would be  the kind of standards envisioned by the bill?    I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for that response.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for that response.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Davis for  yielding me the time.   H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster  Parents Act, is a commonsense piece of legislation that has strong  bipartisan support right here in the House. I want to especially thank  the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker) who is joining me in  introducing this bill. I want to  [[Page H4957]]  thank him for his leadership on foster care and foster youth and again  say thank you for looking for what is in the best interests of the most  vulnerable children in our society.   H.R. 2866 has been supported by not only bipartisan support here in  the House but has the support of many foster care advocacy groups,  including Generations United, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, and the  American Academy of Pediatrics.   Mr. Speaker, we need to do everything in our power to make the foster  care system family friendly, and H.R. 2866 takes an important step in  that direction. By motivating States to update the foster care  licensing regulations, we can reduce red tape and make it easier for  family members to become foster parents.   Research conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services,  academics, and advocacy groups all show that children experience better  outcomes when they are in the care of family members compared to  children in nonrelative care.   When kids are placed with a relative like a grandparent, they  experience fewer school changes, are less likely to reenter the foster  care system, and are more likely to be adopted. Moreover, data shows  that foster youth experience better behavioral and mental health  outcomes, are more likely to report that they ``feel loved,'' and are  more likely to stay connected with their communities.   I want to again thank Representative Smucker from Pennsylvania for  his leadership and sponsorship of this bill with me, as well as my  Democrat and Republican colleagues on the House Ways and Means  Committee for unanimously supporting this legislation.   I am encouraged to see that this body values our foster youth, and I  hope we can continue to keep up the spirit of bipartisanship.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  legislation.   