 Mr. President, we have a retirement crisis in this  country. Today, among working families on the verge of retirement,  about a third have no retirement savings of any kind and another third  have total savings that are less than one year's annual income.   Let's be blunt. Social Security alone is not enough for a secure  retirement. Hitting retirement with little or no savings means spending  those last years hovering around the poverty line, with little or no  money for important purchases, like dental care or hearing aids, or  extras, like buying a birthday gift for a grandchild.   There are a lot of different reasons people hit retirement with no  savings, but one big reason is that 55 million Americans don't have the  ability to save for retirement through a workplace retirement account.  For years, the Republican-controlled Congress has done nothing to help  the 55 million Americans who don't have an employer-provided retirement  plan to save for their retirement--nothing--so seven States have  actually stepped up. They passed legislation to provide retirement  accounts to their constituents, and 23 more States are currently  considering proposals like this. Massachusetts has stepped up, too,  passing legislation to allow workers in small, nonprofit organizations  to save for retirement in a State-administered plan.   These State efforts are a big deal. The actions of just those first  seven States could expand coverage to 15 million Americans who don't  currently have an employer-sponsored retirement account. These efforts  would go a long way toward starting to chip away at the retirement  crisis in our country, and both Republicans and Democrats should be  applauding the efforts of the Governors, State treasurers, and State  legislatures who are doing this important work. But instead of passing  legislation to incentivize States to continue their innovative work or  instead of bringing up a bill on their own encouraging companies to  offer retirement accounts to their workers, Republicans are voting on a  bill that would pull the rug out from underneath these State plans,  jeopardizing all of the States' recent progress.   Republicans are constantly saying they are the party of federalism,  deregulation, and State flexibility. Over and over again for the past  several months, my colleagues across the aisle have come down to the  floor to overturn regulation after regulation because they claim those  regulations ``limit the role of State and local governments.'' So why  on Earth are they now passing a bill to run roughshod over the States?   The States certainly aren't asking them to take it up. The National  Conference of State Legislatures--the bipartisan organization  representing the legislatures of all 50 States--sent a letter urging  Congress not to pass this bill because ``it will result in an  unwarranted preemption of state innovation, will restrict the ability  of millions of hardworking Americans to save for retirement, and will  prove costly to federal and state budgets.'' And 23 State treasurers  and top budget officials, both Democrats and Republicans, from Idaho to  Mississippi, wrote urging Republican leadership to ``protect the rights  of states and large municipalities to implement their own, unique  approaches . . . to address this growing retirement savings crisis.''   No, the State legislatures didn't ask the Republican Congress for  this bill, and the American people are certainly not calling their  Senators asking that they overturn the rules to help them save for  their retirement either. Seventy-two percent of Republicans and 83  percent of Democrats support the work the States are doing.  [[Page S2710]]    If it is not the State legislatures and it is not the State  regulators and it is not the American people who want this bill passed,  why are Republicans pushing it forward? Why are we voting for this  legislation?   Four words--national chamber of commerce. The national chamber of  commerce has been fighting tooth and nail to kill these retirement  initiatives. Their armies of lobbyists are swarming over Capitol Hill.  They are peddling misinformation about what these plans do, all because  the giant financial firms that pump money into the national chamber of  commerce are worried that the State plans will offer better investment  products with lower fees for customers.   Yes, the giant financial firms are right to be worried. States  probably will not award investment contracts to the companies with the  highest fees or to the companies offering kickbacks and prizes to make  the sale. They are going to award contracts to companies that can  provide the best product at the lowest cost. That is how a competitive  bidding process works.   The financial firms hiding behind the chamber of commerce don't want  competitive bidding, they don't want transparency, they don't want to  fight on a level playing field, and they are willing to spend a whole  lot of money to make sure they don't have to. In fact, the Chamber is  so serious about keeping the system rigged that they have sent letter  after letter to every Member of Congress and their staff, letting them  know they are watching this vote.   Just in case you can't read between the lines, for extra emphasis, in  bold and underlined typeface, their letters warned that they will be  ``consider[ing] . . . votes on, or in relation to, [this] resolution[]  in our annual How They Voted scorecard.'' Whoa. The chamber of commerce  is going to score who votes to help the big financial corporations and  who doesn't, and they are going to make sure that all those potential  campaign contributors know about the vote.   This is what gives Washington such a terrible reputation. The  American people didn't send us here to work for giant financial  institutions and their armies of lobbyists and lawyers. I don't care  what kind of threats the chamber of commerce puts out; it is wrong to  pass a law to kick people in the teeth when they are trying to save for  their retirements. The lobbyists may be watching this vote, but the  American people are watching, too, and they are ready to fight back.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   