 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Yarmuth), our ranking member, for yielding and also for his tremendous  leadership.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this deeply flawed  Republican budget resolution.   When we considered this resolution in July, Democrats offered 28  amendments. The amendments that we offered were meant to help set a  course away from the disastrous path that the Republican majority and  the Trump administration are steering us down.   We offered amendments on a broad range of issues important to our  communities and our families. These included protecting our communities  from the effects of climate change; preserving healthcare; investing in  public health, research, and diplomacy; and investing in our Nation's  workforce and infrastructure. Not surprisingly, not a single one of  those made it through.   Instead, we have the resolution: a love letter to millionaires,  billionaires, and corporations, and nothing but a manifesto of contempt  for America's working families.   Mr. Chairman, the resolution we will be asked to vote on is based on  the same faulty assumptions as the bill that came through committee.  These include assuming that the repeal of the Affordable Care Act  happened, which it did not, and an unrealistic economic growth of 3  percent.   The Republican budget resolution does little but hurt millions of  American families in order to fast-track tax cuts for millionaires,  billionaires, and corporations.   In addition, after all the Republican talk of deficit reduction, this  cruel budget resolution massively increases the Federal debt by over  $2.4 trillion over the next 10 years and $3.2 trillion in the 10 years  after.   Where does putting the interests of corporations and the wealthiest  ahead of working families get us?   Well, we have seen where this ends.   Earlier this summer, the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature was  forced to roll back its 2012 tax cuts. In fact, a recent Brookings  Institution analysis found that the tax cuts resulted in an ``anemic  level of revenues,  [[Page H7799]]  which led to ballooning shortfalls, causing significant cutbacks in  vital programs such as Medicaid, education, Temporary Assistance for  Needy Families, court funding, and infrastructure.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    This Republican budget resolution will lead us into that  same hole, yet we know that this will only give Republicans license to  call for further cuts to critical programs like Medicare, Social  Security, and education.   We know who wins under this budget resolution. It paves the way for a  Republican tax proposal that gives a huge tax cut to the wealthiest in  our country.   Consider this: 80 percent of the Republican tax cut goes to the top 1  percent by 2027; the average tax cut for the top 1 percent would be  $207,000; for millionaires, the tax cut would provide $230,000 a year;  and 42 million middle class households would face a tax increase,  including those people earning between $50,000 and $150,000.   Mr. Chairman, this budget resolution is unfair to working families  and to our country's future. I urge my colleagues to vote against this  resolution. Let's work together on a moral budget blueprint that  supports all Americans.    I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his tremendous  leadership as co-chair of the Progressive Caucus; and our other co- chair, Mark Pocan, for his tremendous leadership.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Congressional  Progressive Caucus budget, the People's Budget. I agree with the  gentleman from Georgia that there are two different visions being  presented here. Let's be very clear about what those two different  visions are.   The Republican budget says we should invest millions of dollars into  tax cuts for millionaires, billionaires, and the largest corporations.   Our budget, the Progressive Caucus budget, says we want to invest in  people. We believe in working families across this country who are  working hard, want to have a decent life, and want to build a better  future. I choose investing in the people. That is what this budget  does. It invests in education, in jobs, infrastructure, research, and  science, and diplomacy.    Let me just focus for a minute on education as the gateway to  opportunity. The People's Budget commits $1 trillion to help families  afford childcare, provides universal access to pre-K, and upholds our  Nation's commitment to our public schools, which are the bedrocks of  our communities nationwide, through adequate funding and supporting  educators with resources that they need to reach every student.   It makes debt-free college a reality by investing in college as a  public good. It creates apprenticeship opportunities for all of our  districts across the country--red and blue, urban and rural.   Our country's success, Mr. Chairman, lies in that of our children and  young people, not in the Republican plan to give tax cuts to the  wealthiest. That is unacceptable.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this vision, this budget,  and to invest in the people.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Alabama (Mr. Palmer), a former director of the State Policy  Network.   