 Mr. President, on the campaign trail, Donald Trump  promised working families that he would subject every proposal he saw  in the White House to a simple test: ``Does it create more jobs and  better wages for Americans?'' He claimed he wasn't ``going to let Wall  Street get away with murder,'' and he said he was going to ``drain the  swamp.''   Such great talk--and then he got to Washington. His first order of  business was to put together a team of people who had spent decades as  executives at big banks and large corporations--people who are  determined to tilt the playing field in favor of Wall Street and  against working families. You don't need to look very far to see them.  His most senior economic advisers--Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin,  National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, and the senior counselor  for economic initiatives, Dina Powell--together, those three have spent  nearly a half a century combined working for Goldman Sachs. When it  comes to our economy, this isn't the Trump administration; this is the  Goldman Sachs administration.  [[Page S5197]]    Now President Trump has lined up another top economic adviser, Kevin  Hassett, who has been nominated to serve as the Chairman of the  President's Council of Economic Advisers. Mr. Hassett hasn't worked at  Goldman Sachs. No, his ``fresh perspective'' is that he has spent his  career advocating for policies that favor the wealthiest Americans.   The Council of Economic Advisers plays a critical role in developing  this country's economic policies. It was created by Congress to, as Dr.  Hassett has put it himself, give the President ``unbiased, scientific,  and objective advice'' about the economic impact of the President's  policies on the American economy. They have their fingers in all sorts  of policies from trade to healthcare, to taxes, to financial  regulation.   So what kind of an economy does Dr. Hassett want? He hasn't been shy  in telling us. Dr. Hassett wants an economy that keeps working great  for those on top, and if it leaves working families further behind,  that is just too bad.   Start with taxes: Dr. Hassett gets really excited about cutting taxes  on giant corporations. In fact, when he was working for Mitt Romney's  Presidential campaign, he wrote that the new President's top priority-- the No. 1 act, the first thing he should do when he stepped into the  Oval Office--was cut the corporate tax rate. His argument was that if  we cut taxes for big businesses, they will give those savings to their  workers and be more productive, improving the economy for everyone.  That is just plain old trickle-down economics: Give more money to  corporations and the wealthy, and they will surely pass it along to  everyone else. It hasn't worked so far, and it isn't going to work in  the future. Well, it isn't going to work for anyone who isn't already  wealthy. For them, that works great.   On trade, Dr. Hassett also sings the corporate tune. Dr. Hassett  wants to double down on the same kind of trade agreements that enrich  giant corporations and leave the workers eating dirt. Dr. Hassett  embraces trade deals that make it harder for small businesses to  compete, trade deals that weaken public safety, and trade deals that  undercut environmental rules. Dr. Hassett's approach really makes one  wonder: Does Donald Trump not know who this guy is, or does he just not  care? Either way, it is American workers who will take another punch to  the gut delivered by Team Trump.   And how about on financial regulation? Nine years ago, Wall Street  brought the economy to its knees and had to be bailed out to the tune  of $700 billion. The crash cost millions of Americans their jobs and  their homes. Congress then passed bipartisan financial reforms to stop  another crisis. Dr. Hassett was not enthusiastic. In public, he called  those new rules ``lamebrained'' and described the legislation as  ``horrifying'' and ``the worst piece of legislation that I've seen in  my entire life.'' He sounded the alarm that the financial reform  ``needs to be repealed as soon as possible.''   He has since said that he regrets his tone. Tone isn't the problem  here. The problem is what he said, not how he said it.   If Dr. Hassett has his way and Wall Street reform gets repealed, the  same behavior that caused the 2008 financial crisis would be unleashed  again. I cannot understand how, just 9 years after the worst financial  crisis since the Great Depression, Dr. Hassett would want to turn the  banks loose so they have a clear shot at cheating consumers and  building up risks that could blow up the financial system again.   There is no end to Dr. Hassett's bad judgment. He is wrong on the  minimum wage, calling the proposal to raise the minimum wage to $9 an  hour ``wrongheaded'' and saying that raising the minimum wage was a  ``dishonest approach'' to alleviating poverty.   He is wrong on the environment. In a column, he advised President  Obama to ``frack away.''   And, most of all, he is wrong about the fundamental problems in our  economy, calling income inequality a myth and saying it was  ``ludicrous'' to believe that our society is ``rigged or fundamentally  unjust.'' He sounds as if he thinks that it is just great that this  economy works for those at the top and pretty much for no one else.   Dr. Hassett has consistently advocated for the interests of  corporations over working people. If he is confirmed, I am confident  that he will be one more voice in the White House speaking up for the  rich and the powerful. No doubt he will fit right into the Goldman  Sachs administration.   But Congress has a say in this. The last thing we need is another  economic adviser who wants to tilt the playing field even further in  favor of corporate America.   I oppose this nomination, and I hope other Senators will too.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the National  Defense Authorization Act.   The Defense bill has a long tradition of bipartisan cooperation, and  I was glad to join in that tradition as part of the Armed Services  Committee. As with any far-reaching legislation, there are a number of  provisions in this I support and some I do not, but, on the whole, this  bill is a win for national security and a win for Massachusetts.   Massachusetts has a lot to offer our national security. Each of our  military bases is unique in making vital contributions to our defense.  The Massachusetts National Guard has a proud history, dating back to  1636, and it contains the oldest units of the U.S. Army.   Today we are proud of our military tradition, and we have a unique  ecosystem of universities, industries, startups, and military labs, all  focused on the next-generation needs for our warfighters. Research and  development is critically important to this effort. It will literally  save lives. I have made research funding a major priority, and I am  very pleased we have secured an additional $45 million in funding for  the Army's Basic and Applied Research accounts, for places like Natick,  where researchers are doing cutting-edge work to better protect our  soldiers. Overall, the bill increases funding for science and  technology $250 million above the President's budget.   The bill also recognizes the critical role that MIT Lincoln Lab plays  in national security research, and supports the construction of a new  advanced microelectronics integration facility that will begin in 2019.  It also fully funds the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, or DIUx,  which is doing  [[Page S5207]]  great work connecting DOD with innovative startups in Cambridge and  around the country.   Our military bases, which are the lifeblood of their communities in  Massachusetts, are also receiving much needed facility upgrades.  Hanscom Air Force Base will receive $11 million to build a new gate  complex that will dramatically improve its security. Westover Air Force  Base in Chicopee will receive more than $60 million to construct a new  maintenance facility and build a new indoor small arms range to improve  readiness. Natick Soldier Systems Center will receive $21 million to  improve family housing facilities, bringing our families working at  Natick closer to the base.   All three of my brothers served in the military, and I know the  demands of the military can be hard on families and on servicemembers.  I have spent a lot of time over the last 9 months working hard with  both Republican and Democratic Senators to do everything I can to help  improve the lives of our military personnel and their families. I  partnered with Senator Ernst, a Republican from Iowa, to introduce the  Leadership Recognition Act, which has been incorporated into this  larger Defense bill. Our proposal ensures that our servicemembers get  the pay raises they deserve.   Over the last 15 years, Congress directed the Pentagon to raise  military pay so it was more comparable to civilian wages, but it also  gave the President the authority to waive the requirement to raise  military pay. Unfortunately, that keeps happening, and military  families who are already sacrificing so much don't get the pay raises  they are entitled to.   Our new provision restricts the use of this waiver. We promised our  military their regular pay raises in line with inflation, and they  ought to get those raises, period. This one is a no-brainer. I am sorry  it is taking Congress so long to get it done, but we are there now.   The Defense bill also includes my Service Member Debt Collection  Reform Act. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has identified how  unscrupulous debt collectors often take advantage of military  personnel, for example, by alleging that servicemembers owe disputed or  imaginary debts and sometimes even by contacting a servicemember's  commanding officer to intimidate a servicemember into paying a debt  they don't owe. This is outrageous. My provision requires DOD to review  and update its policies regarding harassment of servicemembers by debt  collectors.   Our military personnel are also entitled to educational benefits that  can help them earn a degree or transition to civilian life. However,  too often military members don't actually use these benefits because  they can't navigate a frustratingly complicated and bureaucratic  application process. That is why I offered an amendment to the NDAA to  make sure DOD works with the Departments of Education and Veterans  Affairs to automate the application of student loan benefits available  to military borrowers. These Departments can use this information that  already exists in Federal databases to expedite student borrower  benefits for servicemembers, and there is no reason we shouldn't just  do that right away. This will make life a little easier for our vets,  and it will help put many of them on the road to a better education and  higher earnings for the rest of their lives.   There is another problem in our military that we need to address. I  was appalled earlier this year at reports that some male servicemembers  shared nude photos of their fellow female servicemembers without  consent, and harassed them on a website called Marines United. The  military is not immune to the rise of so-called revenge porn online.  Make no mistake, revenge porn is sexual harassment. DOD concluded in a  May 2017 report that such harassment can lead to sexual assault.   Just last week, I sat with women in Massachusetts who had been  sexually harassed and sexually assaulted during their time in the  military. They volunteered for the military out of a deep sense of  patriotism, and now they are struggling hard to come to terms with what  happened to them. Their sense of betrayal--betrayal by their fellow  servicemembers--ran deep.   Acts like these are deeply wrong, and they undermine unit cohesion  and readiness. The Marine Corps and other services have taken some  positive steps in response to the website scandal, but military  prosecutors need the tools to combat this specific behavior.   Commanders have always had the ability to prosecute disorderly  conduct, but the Uniform Code of Military Justice does not explicitly  prohibit nonconsensual photo-sharing in all cases. To solve this  problem, I teamed up with Senator Sullivan, a Republican from Alaska,  to introduce the Protecting Servicemembers Online Act. Our proposal  closes the revenge porn loophole, making it unlawful under the UCMJ for  military personnel to share private, intimate images without the  consent of the individual depicted. It does this by balancing privacy  protections and survivors' rights, and I am grateful this year's  Defense bill takes similar steps to address this revenge porn problem.  There is more to do to make sure each person who signs up to serve our  country is treated with dignity and respect, but this is a positive  step.   This year's Defense bill also addresses an issue which is very  personal to me--how we care for victims of terrorist attacks. I had  been a Senator for only 3 months when the twin explosions went off at  the Boston Marathon finish line on April 15, 2013, killing three people  and wounding hundreds more. I was on a flight from Boston to DC when  the bombs went off. I didn't even leave the DC airport. I just caught  the next flight back to Boston.   The next day, I met with Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes. They had  been recently married. When the bombs went off, they were both  seriously injured. Each had a leg amputated at the scene. They were  rushed to separate hospitals, where they underwent more lifesaving  treatments and where Jessica lost her other leg.   When I first saw Jessica, she still had gravel and glass embedded in  her skin--injuries the doctors hadn't yet cleaned up. She was grateful  to be alive, but worried about Patrick. When I first met Patrick, he  had the same question: How is Jessica?   The Boston hospitals at which they received emergency care are among  the world's best, and they saved many lives on that day, but those  hospitals don't specialize in the long-term recovery from such complex  and serious injuries like limb amputation. For that, you need military  hospitals, like Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, but right  now, access to Walter Reed requires a special exemption from the  Secretary of Defense. Jess and Patrick say they owe their recoveries to  the doctors, physical therapists, and prosthetic lab technicians who  treated them at Walter Reed and who have treated thousands of troops  since 2001.   Earlier this year, Senator Collins, a Republican from Maine, joined  me in introducing the Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes Act, which  would allow all victims of terror attacks to receive treatment at  military medical facilities if there is space available. I hope we will  never see another attack like the Boston Marathon bombing, but this  bill will help us be ready if it happens.   I am glad the Defense bill includes language to implement the policy  in our bipartisan bill, and I am particularly thankful to Senator  Collins for working with me so other victims of terrorist attacks will  be able to access our world-class military medical facilities if they  need them the way Jessica and Patrick did.   The work on servicemember pay, GI student loan benefits, and help for  civilian victims of terror made me proud to be in the U.S. Senate. At  the same time, I worked hard this year to ensure the Defense bill  contains a number of provisions that will strengthen our national  security.   Like my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee, I am concerned  about Russian aggression. Too often this year, this issue has been  obscured by partisan sniping, and it shouldn't be that way. Russia's  attempts to sow global instability are a major national security  threat, and on the Armed Services Committee we have treated it that  way.   Earlier this year, I introduced the Countering Foreign Interference  with Our Armed Forces Act. This bill contains two provisions--one  requiring annual reports on the new and disturbing trend of Russian  efforts to target our military personnel with disinformation  [[Page S5208]]  campaigns and a second bill in response to the Michael Flynn scandal so  DOD will be required to report to Congress when a retired general  officer requests permission to accept payments from a foreign  government. We need to protect our military and our country from  outside influence, and these are two steps we can take right now.   Another area which concerns me is the money we spend to outfit our  military. The DOD buys a lot of goods and equipment, which means it  pays an extraordinary amount of money to government contractors. It  shouldn't be too much to ask those contractors to provide high-quality  products at a reasonable price, to treat their workers decently, and to  knock off any efforts to extort extra profits out of the government. I  am pleased the Defense bill also includes a number of my priorities to  promote these kinds of reforms.   Step one in this process needs to be a full audit of the Department  of Defense. DOD spending makes up half of the discretionary budget, and  yet the DOD--unlike other government agencies--has never been audited.  That makes no sense at all. Senator Ernst and I teamed up to fight for  a provision to incentivize the Department to achieve audit readiness by  mandating a pay reduction for the Secretary of each military service  unit that does not achieve audit after 2020, and we got it passed.   Senator Perdue, a Republican from Georgia, and I joined together to  press the Defense Innovation Board to study how we can improve the way  the Department acquires software.   Senator Rounds, a Republican from South Dakota, and I successfully  fought for a provision requiring DOD to open source software methods  and open source licenses whenever possible for unclassified, nondefense  software, in accordance with best practices from the private sector.  This one is particularly important so contractors can't shake down the  Pentagon for new piles of cash every time DOD needs to upgrade and  improve its software systems.   Finally, after stories about contractors with terrible safety records  continuing to get DOD contracts, one after another, I successfully  secured a provision that will require DOD contracting officers to  consider workplace safety and health violations when they evaluate a  potential DOD contractor. I introduced the Contractor Accountability  and Workplace Safety Act to address this issue, and I am very glad it  has been included in the NDAA.   This Defense bill isn't perfect. I don't agree with all of it. In a  Republican-controlled Congress, I wouldn't expect to agree with all of  it. For one thing, I vehemently disagree with the decision to authorize  funding for research and development for a new generation of  intermediate-range missiles. Everyone knows the Russians have violated  the INF treaty already, but that is not a reason for the United States  to violate this core anti-nuclear proliferation treaty as well. Our  military doesn't want it. Our European allies don't want it. Even the  White House doesn't want it. We obviously don't need it. In a world of  limited resources, spending tons of taxpayer money to build an  unnecessary weapon that will make all of us less safe is a terrible  idea.   I also disagree with the committee's recommendation to zero out the  funding for the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical, otherwise  known as WIN-T. I have listened to the critiques of this system, but  WIN-T Increment 2 is the only tactical communications system the Army  currently has that permits communications on the move. GEN Mark Milley,  the Army Chief of Staff, has noted the importance of remaining mobile  on the battlefield. ``If you stay in one place longer than 2 or 3  hours, you will be dead,'' he said. We should improve WIN-T, not junk  it, and we definitely shouldn't abruptly cancel this program without  having any earthly idea of what will replace it. Fortunately, this  program is not zeroed out in the House version so I will continue to  fight for this during the House-Senate conference.   Finally, I am concerned about the overall increase in defense  spending contemplated by this bill, particularly when there is no real  plan in place to pay for it. The Defense Department is not the only  agency that is critical to our national security, and most of those  other agencies are under attack in this Congress. Moreover, it is  important for us to make the investments we need here at home, to do  things like address climate change and promote resilience after natural  disasters, to invest in scientific research and discovery, to improve  access to healthcare and education, to build new schools, and to repair  aging roads and bridges. We cannot support a buildup in military  spending that leaves our country weakened and unable to build a strong  economy going forward.   Fortunately, the bill we are putting forward today merely authorizes  new defense funding. Actual dollar amounts for Federal spending will be  determined later this year for all of our agencies as part of the  appropriations process. At that point, all spending--defense and  nondefense--will be on the table at the same time. If that process is  going to serve the American people well, it must provide for  significant increases in spending on education, infrastructure, basic  research, and the other building blocks of a strong country with a  vibrant future.   I commend the leadership of Senators John McCain and Jack Reed  throughout this process. Our committee has a long history of  bipartisanship, and Senators McCain and Reed have continued that proud  tradition. This legislation supports our servicemembers and their  families, promotes commonsense Pentagon spending reforms, advances  cutting-edge defense research, and bolsters the Commonwealth's  innovation economy. Most importantly, this NDAA will make a real,  positive impact on the lives of Americans. For those reasons, I intend  to support it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.   