 Madam President, I thank my colleague from Maryland for  articulating the issues in this discussion draft that has been released  this morning.   As I hear him talk about these complex kids, how the cap is going to  work, and when people are going to be affected, it reminds me of the  book, ``The Smartest Guys in the Room.'' Right? Basically, people cook  up schemes they think other people can't understand or the broader  public will not catch on to in the hopes they can pass something. That  is exactly what is going on here, a hoax and a scheme that is not cost- effective for the American taxpayer and will literally cut people off  of access to healthcare, and literally, if the House bill was mean,  this is doubling down on mean.   So I thank my colleague from Maryland for articulating the complex  kids issue because these are concepts. If this is a discussion draft, I  would hope my colleagues would come to the floor and discuss it-- discuss the concepts that are in this bill and debate them, but that is  not what is happening. In fact, we know very little detail at this  point in time because people are assessing the information and trying  to read and assess in between the lines.   I can state what I know and have gleaned so far by the accounts, and  that this is a continuation on the war on Medicaid. I say that because  with regard to this war on Medicaid, we didn't know where the Senate  would go in their proposal. We know what the House decided to do. The  premise and structure of the House bill is to cut Medicaid by capping  it and continually driving down the amount of Federal obligation to  this program.   I will tell you, it is not even a smart idea. If you want to reform  and deliver  [[Page S3707]]  better healthcare at a lower cost, there are many ways to do that and  save dollars and give better patient care, but that is not what the  House proposal is. It was a budget mechanism. I am not just saying  that. I am talking to my healthcare providers at home, I am talking to  university professors, people who know and understand healthcare and  have studied it for a long time. What the House did and now the Senate  is doubling down on is nothing but a budget mechanism to cut people off  of healthcare--as my colleague said, the most vulnerable of our  population.   It is a wrong-headed idea. It is not going to help us control costs.  Medicaid reduces bankruptcy rates, helps people stay employed, and  boosts our GDP. Why would we want a draconian idea like cutting  Medicaid as the centerpiece of a budget proposal by our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle? As people have said, because they want to  take that revenue and give it away in tax breaks for the wealthy. I  guarantee you that is not what we should be doing.   The access to Medicaid is so important. Our veterans access the  healthcare system through Medicaid. Many of them receive care through  the VA, but also they receive services through Medicaid. Veterans would  be impacted and would lose care. Our children who are seen at  hospitals, such as the Children's Hospital in Seattle, are Medicaid  populations, and they would not have the resources to get access to  care. Our institutions that are covering individuals at Medicaid rates  would take a hit.   All the Senate proposal does is basically move that cap, but it is a  steeper cap at a point in time that makes and exacerbates this problem  of cutting people off of access to care. So if the House bill is mean,  this is just doubling down on mean.   There is nothing about destructing this safety net that is so  important to Americans that goes hand-in-hand with the philosophy about  how to drive down costs to healthcare. If you think about it, if we  came out here and had a discussion with 100 U.S. Senators and said a  great way to drive down the cost of healthcare would be to cut people  off of healthcare, most people would say that is not a smart idea  because when people are cut off of healthcare, we know that  uncompensated care exacerbates healthcare needs, challenges other parts  of our system, and delivering care to them makes it more expensive.  When we have had discussions and roundtables about the proposal that  the House had put out, providers in my State told me point-blank,  covering the Medicaid population has helped drive down and control the  rate of insurance in the private markets. By saying we are going to cut  Medicaid at a more drastic rate, we are going to just send a signal to  the market that rates for the private insurers should go up.   I don't think that is what my constituents want. They want us to  innovate. They want us to drive quality care and managed care into  parts of the United States where it doesn't exist. They want us to take  care of our most vulnerable population, and they want to make sure we  are not delivering that off people who are going into the emergency  room 50 times in a year because they don't have insurance.   We know the Medicaid rate is critically important. Medicaid costs up  to one-quarter less than private insurance. It is a way to deliver  care. We know measures we put into the Affordable Care Act, such as  moving people off of nursing home care to community-based care, has  saved Medicaid dollars. More States should do it.   We know plans such as bundling up the individual market into larger  programs so they can have clout like others who work for a larger  employer has also driven down costs. So those are the things we should  be accelerating, not this notion that we move forward as a country by  cutting the most vulnerable off of healthcare.   I ask my colleagues to come out and discuss this concept, discuss  this idea, how it will affect the healthcare providers in their States.  I plan to do that with my State. I hope they will come out here and  tell us why it is a smart strategy to cut people off from Medicaid. I  know no State that has the money to make up for the Federal share of  Medicaid that is going to be doubled down in this bill.   I do not want to see a war on Medicaid. What I want to see is  innovation. What I want to see is that covering people with some level  of insurance basically helps save everybody on their insurance bills as  well. I hope my colleagues will take this discussion draft and be proud  to come out here and discuss it, but we have heard very little of that  thus far.   Let's look at the real numbers, and I guarantee that we will hear  from Governors, we will hear from States, we will hear from providers,  we will hear from businesses, and we will hear from people who do not  think this is a good idea.   Already there are comments from the National Association of Area  Agencies on Aging: ``This strategy will also put . . . Medicaid [and]  states [and consumers] on a fiscally precarious path.''   We have heard from other people that the Medicaid cap is up to twice  as bad for States, will cause problems, and also from children's  healthcare groups: ``Converting Medicaid into a per capita cap . . .  would dismantle critical protections . . . to care for all enrollees.''   These aren't just partisan comments. These are the facts. What my  colleagues don't realize is that by taking a huge chunk out of  Medicaid, you are taking a huge chunk out of the safety net so many  Americans depend on. It will not help us lower costs. It will  exacerbate an escalation of rates for everyone in the market.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   