 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1301, the  FY17 Department of Defense Appropriations Act. The world is more  dangerous and unstable than any time in recent history. The U.S. and  our allies face constant threats from countries including Iran, Russia,  China, and North Korea. ISIS and other global terrorists threaten our  very way of life.   Our number one responsibility as Members of Congress is to provide  for the defense of this Nation. I commend Chairman Frelinghuysen for  the outstanding job he did drafting the FY17 bill. He deserves our  thanks for producing such a significant and meaningful bill.   Since becoming the chairwoman of the Defense Subcommittee of the  Committee on Appropriations, I have spent a lot of time talking to  senior defense leaders to find out what they need to combat these  threats. They have unanimously stated that the only thing our  adversaries respect is strength, and they need this bill passed to  ensure our military is as strong and effective as possible.   Sequestration and reduced budget requests have caused the military to  be underfunded for too long. This bill begins a process of rebuilding  our military and giving our warfighters the resources they need to  counter the numerous complex threats around the world. This bill  reverses the drawdown of end strength and instead increases it by  36,000 troops above the FY17 budget request. This bill reverses steep  cuts to procurement by funding additional ships and aircraft to  modernize our weapons systems and address shortfalls. This is important  because we have the smallest number of ships in the Navy since 1916,  and the average age of an Air Force aircraft is 27 years old. Marine  aviation squadrons have been forced to salvage parts from museums in  order to keep our planes flying.   In every meeting I have had with defense leadership, they emphasize  the devastating impact both sequestration and operating under a  continuing resolution have on our security. When asked about the impact  of a full year CR, General Goldfein, chief of staff of the Air Force,  said: ``There is no enemy on the planet that can do more damage to the  United States Air Force than us not getting a budget.''   Our military is counting on us to pass this bill now. It is the only  way to ensure the United States will be strong and able to lead in this  very dangerous world. I strongly urge a ``yes'' vote.   