 Mr. Speaker, I am really grateful to the gentleman  for yielding but also for organizing this Special Order on something  that really is special: Who is going to sit on the Supreme Court, and  how do we deal with Judge Neil Gorsuch's nomination? Of course, we in  the House don't have a vote, but we certainly do have the privilege to  be able to weigh in on something as important as this in this manner.  So I do appreciate the opportunity.   Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court is the latest battle  in the Republicans' war on women and workers. I will find myself  agreeing and probably repeating some of what Congresswoman Jayapal has  said, but I think it bears repeating.   First of all, let me say we should make no mistake: this is a stolen  Supreme Court seat. Senate Republicans demonstrated unprecedented-- meaning never before in history--disrespect for the President of the  United States, Barack Obama, and our Constitution by denying Judge  Merrick Garland a vote or even a hearing when he was put into  nomination by President Obama. That has never, ever happened before in  our history.   Last year, Republicans ignored their constitutional duty by denying  Judge Garland a hearing. By the way, he had been approved by the  Congress in the past for a seat on the district court, and he had  praise on both sides of the aisle. So it wasn't a question of his being  qualified or not. It was they did not want the ability of Barack Obama  to even nominate someone and have him considered for the Supreme Court.   So now they want to break the rules of the Senate to rush their own  nominee through. This is a nomination to the United States Supreme  Court, the highest body in the land, the highest Court in the land. The  decisions the next Justice takes part in will affect Americans for  decades, if not centuries, because it could set precedent. Given the  importance of this position, Senators have the right to insist on a 60- vote threshold for ending the debate on the nominee, and Senate  Democrats should insist on 60 votes because Judge Gorsuch has  demonstrated time and time again that he has put the interest of  corporations above Americans--I will describe that later--whether it is  worker safety or a woman's access even to contraception.   I am going to talk for a minute about women. President Trump said he  would nominate a judge to overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that  said, as a matter of privacy, that women could make their own decisions  about terminating a pregnancy. Women take that threat very seriously.  Judge Gorsuch talked about precedents he likes, like Brown v. Board of  Education, integrating the schools. I agree with him on that. But  tellingly, when he mentioned the precedents that he reveres, he  certainly did not give Roe v. Wade the same status.   Judge Gorsuch's judicial record should add to our concern. After the  10th Circuit panel ruled against the State of Utah's attempt to defund  Planned Parenthood following the release of deceptively edited videos,  Judge Gorsuch called for the full court to hear the case, presumably to  overturn the decision. Judge Gorsuch was in the minority in this  instance, and his request was dismissed.   In the Hobby Lobby case, Judge Gorsuch sided against women, allowing  bosses to deny their women employees contraception as part of health  coverage.   Now I want to talk a little bit about workers. In many other cases,  Judge Gorsuch has prioritized the interest of employers over the rights  of workers. He blocked a woman in Colorado from going to trial on  sexual harassment claims because she didn't report the harassment  quickly enough.   Judge Gorsuch denied a professor with leukemia at Kansas State  University protection under the Rehabilitation Act. He sided with a  mining company after a worker was electrocuted due to inadequate safety  training. He sided with a trucking company that fired a trucker driving  through Illinois--that is my State--who decided to leave his broken  trailer instead of freezing to death, literally. The truck was down,  couldn't get started, and his choice was to sit there with the truck or  to be able to go to safety in freezing temperatures.   Fortunately for workers, Judge Gorsuch was in the minority in some of  those cases, but we can't count on him being in the minority once he is  on the Supreme Court. His dangerous antiwoman, antiworker views should  not be elevated to our highest court.   So I urge my Democratic colleagues in the Senate to stand strong  against the Gorsuch nomination. And to Senate Republicans, it was  disrespectful to the Constitution to block Judge Garland. I am not even  saying necessarily that he would have been approved, but to not even  offer him a hearing or a vote was disrespectful to our Constitution,  and it is disrespectful to the traditions of the Senate to force Judge  Gorsuch through now.   We don't want to break the rules to get one nominee through,  especially not a nominee who puts critical protections for Americans at  risk. Women are watching. Workers are watching. And on Friday, all  Americans will know whose side the Senate is on and whose side the  Senate Republicans are on. Everyone is paying attention.   