 Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to talk  about amendment No. 1141, which would raise a point of order against  any provision that would strike State and local tax deductions.   As we talk tonight about how our country moves forward economically  and as we talk about what are the best ways to have tax fairness in  America, I guarantee you, my constituents want to make sure they  continue to be able to deduct their sales tax, their mortgage  deductions, and there are important policies that other States have for  tax deductions.   The State of Washington has been a leader--and I would match our  State,  [[Page S6531]]  as it relates to our tax code and efficiency, with just about any other  State. For a long time, Washington and Oregon have had the most unique  tax codes in the United States of America. Yet our economies have grown  faster than the national average every year since World War II. So we  are doing something right. So the fact that we don't have an income tax  in Washington State and the fact that Washingtonians, for many years,  have been able to deduct our sales tax from our Federal tax obligations  for income is something we are not interested in losing. What we are  interested in is a fair debate about our Tax Code, an open process, and  important discussion points of order if anybody tries to strip from us  these very important tools.   State and local tax deductions have been an important way in which  our taxpayers make sure they are treated fairly. For us in Washington,  as I said, many of our citizens use these itemized deductions because  of the fact that we don't have an income tax and we are able to deduct  our sales tax from our Federal tax obligations. In fact, 30 percent of  Washington resident taxpayers--1.1 million--itemize their taxes and  claim an average State and local tax deduction of $7,402. These  deductions put an average of $600 back into the pockets of  Washingtonians each year. So any attempt by legislation to try to erode  that--particularly at a time when we also get a deduction on our  property taxes as well--is something critically important to our State.   If legislation continues to move forward that repeals these  deductions--I know our colleagues think they are doing good work by  trying to simplify the Tax Code. In fact, they are saying: We are going  to increase the standard deduction as a way to simplify the Tax Code.  But for my Washington residents--and, my guess is, for many other  States that are in the same boat that don't have an income tax--you  literally are going to penalize them and the efficiency of their tax  code, which is so important.   For example, 40 percent of tax filers who make between $50,000 and  $75,000 claim this deduction, and 53 percent of taxpayers who make  between $75,000 and $100,000 claim this deduction. So when my  colleagues talk about doubling the deduction from $6,000 to $12,000 or  from $12,000 to $24,000 for families, I am sure they would like us to  believe that somehow is going to make the residents of Washington State  and our taxpayers whole. That is not the case. On average,  Washingtonians in those brackets could actually end up paying more.  Why? Well, first of all, we should realize that there are over 250,000  Washingtonians--that is the estimate--who make more, in a joint filing,  than $150,000. So right there, these Washingtonians would be in a  situation where, under this tax proposal, they would be paying more  than they are currently paying because they are not allowed to itemize  and they are not allowed to deduct. I don't want to raise taxes on  Washingtonians. In tight economic times, I don't want to see them  continue to see these deductions eliminated and have their tax bills go  up.   Washingtonians work very hard at trying to make and keep the  efficiency. I know there are other States--such as Texas, Alaska, and  Florida--that also don't have an income tax. I know those States are  probably struggling with the same policies and want to make sure they  are making the same kinds of efficiencies. What we don't want is the  current Republican proposal to raise taxes on working families in  Washington State. We want to make sure these families continue to see  the deductions they have had in the past.   So how would this work exactly in Washington? Well, one of the things  we are concerned about is the impact on the housing market. Without the  deduction for property--we do not want to see an increase in the price  of housing and fewer people being able to afford home ownership because  they are no longer able to take this deduction. That would be something  of grave concern to Washington residents.   Also, we want to make sure that we continue to have these deductions  for both singles and families of four, who would be impacted by this.   For example, an average individual taxpayer making between $50,000  and $100,000 has an average total deduction of about $22,000. So this  taxpayer would not benefit from increasing the standard deduction to  $12,000. The difference is that they now get $22,000 in their itemized  deductions, and under this proposal, they would only be able to deduct  $12,000 of that. Take a family who is making over $100,000. As I said,  we have 250,000 filers in our State who make between $150,000 and  $200,000. This income bracket on average claims a deduction of $30,000  from various State, local, mortgage interest, charitable contributions,  and medical expenses. This family also would not benefit from  increasing the standard deduction to $24,000. As I said, they are  already deducting about $30,000.   Literally, we are raising taxes on thousands and I would say probably  hundreds of thousands of Washington residents. That is why I am  offering this amendment. I want us to have a point of order and true  discussion about any policy that would raise taxes on my residents in  Washington State. We have to have a tax discussion that is about a fair  and open process, a continued dialogue about how to make sure that  working families get a fair deal in a tax policy. But one policy that  is jammed into a budget proposal and that then comes back to us for 51  votes, that literally eliminates our ability to itemize and deduct and  gets rid of our sales deductions that we have fought so hard for, that  we are so proud of as it relates to the individuality of how our State  operates--we should not, with just 51 votes, cast a vote increasing the  taxes on thousands and thousands of Washingtonians and, I would say, on  many other States in our Nation.   I hope our colleagues will take a close look at this. I hope they  will help us in trying to make a point. Let's not rush through a policy  when we don't know what the impacts are. Let's get specific about what  the impacts are and recognize that some of our States are the most  ingenious as it relates to delivering great services at lower costs.   I know some of my colleagues would like to say: There are these big  States in the East, and here is how they operate. Here is what they do  in collecting various forms of revenue. Well, this Western State  operates with a great deal of efficiency. Our residents have come to  expect these sales tax deductions and these mortgage deductions, and  they want to keep them. They do not want to hear that there is a  sleight of hand at the eleventh hour, not by a broad debate but a  tactic that would jam them into a reconciliation bill because of  instructions and thereby have these thousands of dollars of tax  increases foisted on them.   I hope my colleagues will join me in this very important point of  order that we will be offering in this amendment. Let's have this  discussion in broad daylight and not penalize innovative States that  have different tax codes but have grown faster than the national  average and continue to do so. Let's make sure that we have tax  fairness for all residents of our country.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   