 Mr. President, I thank the minority leader, Senator  Schumer, for his words of emphasis on the need to ensure that not only  do our fellow Americans in Florida and Texas receive the relief they so  dearly and sorely need but also that our fellow Americans in Puerto  Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, as well, receive the relief  [[Page S6722]]  they need and receive the priority they deserve.   California has been devastated, frankly, by the wildfires that we  have just experienced. Ten days ago, I was in Santa Rosa, CA, and  witnessed firsthand the devastation that took place throughout that  region and, in particular, in Coffey Park.   I met with evacuees. I met with firefighters. I met with community  leaders, elected leaders, and others who traveled to that area out of  concern and with a desire to help. I met county supervisors, and for  two of them in particular, Supervisors Gore and Gorin, their entire  districts were on fire. One of the supervisors even lost her own home.  Yet they were leading the charge in the recovery efforts and doing so  in such a selfless way and with such courage.   Entire communities were devastated, and people have lost everything  and are still suffering to an incredible extent because of the loss  they have experienced and the fact that they have not been resettled.   My heart breaks, as I know all of us feel for the 42 people and their  families whose lives were ended in these fires. There were 42 people in  this region who lost their lives. In addition, more than 8,400 homes  and buildings were destroyed. For example, in Santa Rosa, 5 percent of  the entire housing stock is gone. Many of the folks in these  neighborhoods are middle-class families--working families. They are  plumbers and teachers and first responders who were barely able to meet  their mortgage. The fires have scorched more than 245,000 acres, and  100,000 Californians were forced to evacuate.   I must tell you, I am in awe of the work of the firefighters and  first responders who fought tirelessly day and night. I heard stories  of firefighters who worked 80 hours straight to do the work of  evacuation, ensuring that no lives were lost and no lives were in  peril. I am in awe of their work.   I met a firefighter. His first name is Paul, who, when I met him, was  finally taking a moment of rest from the firefighting he had been  doing. He was wearing sweatpants and a sweatshirt and flip-flops he  borrowed from another firefighter because he lost his home and  everything he had. Yet there he was on the frontlines fighting to make  sure no other Californians, no other people faced the kind of  devastation he faced.   There were more than 11,000 total firefighters who went to the fire.  Some were from other States and even other countries. They deserve our  thanks. I stand here in the U.S. Senate to thank them for the work they  did, coming to California and helping us deal with this crisis.   First responders and medical professionals did important work as  well. Fifty-one doctors from Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital who lost  their homes and possessions still stayed overtime to help crowded  emergency rooms full of patients. I am uplifted by what I know, and the  world now sees, which is the character of Californians. People rushed  to help the elderly in nursing homes evacuate. I heard the story of a  doctor who used his motorcycle to save newborn babies from a neonatal  unit.   Now these folks need our help. Senator Feinstein and I will continue  to demand FEMA resources, which include the need for housing,  individual assistance, transportation, and water infrastructure. We  need to make sure all Californians, regardless of status, can get help  at the shelters.   I spoke with DHS Acting Secretary Elaine Duke and confirmed that ICE  will suspend immigration enforcement in the area until further notice.  It is our belief, and it is our understanding as Californians, that  notice will be clear as to when this effort will end, in terms of not  enforcing immigration. We want to be clear when it is going to start so  we can tell Californians because right now they are trusting DHS's word  that this immigration enforcement has been suspended. We are told that  FEMA, through Elaine Duke, will also support emergency packages that  provide disaster relief for the hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto  Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.   California is resilient and will rebuild, but we need help. More than  12,000 constituents have contacted our office, and we will continue to  work with FEMA, HUD, the Small Business Administration, and the USDA to  ensure that those affected in my State will get all the relief that is  necessary.   Congress needs to fund programs like community development block  grants and section 8 housing to help provide affordable housing for  low- and middle-class residents. They need the help to find affordable  housing. California is facing an affordable housing crisis like many  other States in our country, and this is something that has been  highlighted by the devastation these various States and territories  have experienced recently, but it is an ongoing issue we must deal  with.   We cannot stop there. We need larger supplemental emergency packages  that include helping California. This has to be a long-term commitment.  California is experiencing the worst fires in history, and they are  becoming more frequent. In the 1980s, fires burned and wildfires burned  under 25 acres, on average. Now typical wildfires will burn over 100  acres. California's 2017 fire season has not yet ended, and it has  already burned more acres than the average for the past 5 years. In  Southern California, from Kern County to San Diego, red flag warnings  are occurring as we speak. There are currently up to 55 mile-an-hour  winds and warm, dry weather, with no humidity or very little humidity.  These are the conditions that were at play during the most recent  wildfire crisis.   We must also look at the future and how we can prevent wildfires from  reaching this magnitude as we go forward. We must pass the Wildfire  Disaster Funding Act.   Today, over half of the U.S. Forest Service budget is dedicated to  combating wildfires, compared to just 13 percent of the budget in 1993.  The wildfires are treated differently than floods or hurricanes. The  Forest Service is not allowed to use general disaster relief funds at  FEMA, and that makes no sense.   Prevention is cheaper than reaction. The U.S. Forest Service  estimated that there are 6.3 billion dead trees in the Western States.  Removing them would improve safety by mitigating wildfires. Also, it  would have an economic benefit and create jobs. There are certain  bills, and the bill I mentioned, that will help achieve this because it  will allow the Forest Service to dedicate part of the budget to forest  management and not just reacting.   We must listen to the experts. For example, CAL FIRE agrees. Too  often, States are picking up the bill for prevention in forest  management, and we should make it very clear that fires are not  partisan. This bill I mentioned, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, is  a bipartisan bill, and it should be inserted cleanly into the next  supplemental emergency package.   Finally, let's recognize the connection between these disasters and  climate change. California is leading the way and preparing for  increasing wildfires, but the Federal Government needs to do its part.  Natural disasters from fires to hurricanes, to floods do not  discriminate by region or by party. We must help each other when these  travesties hit, but also we must prepare for the future.   In closing, I would suggest and urge our colleagues to pass the  supplemental bill and future emergency resources, ensure that Federal  agencies deliver prompt help on the ground, and pass the Wildfire  Disaster Funding Act.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Florida.   