 Mr. Speaker, I had the  benefit, of course, of hearing my colleague, Congresswoman Lofgren, and  I appreciate my colleagues on the other side because, agreed, we all  want there to be the right sort of national security protections at the  border, but we want to make sure that we are maximizing those  opportunities and recognize that there has been an issue of being able  to address the shortage of officers. But to address a workforce  shortage by minimizing the very requirements that not only preserve our  national security and protect the men and women at our border, I would  agree, is not the way that we should be proceeding.   Mr. Speaker, in fact, I rise in opposition to the Anti-Border  Corruption Reauthorization Act. As a Member from a border State that  heavily trades with Mexico, I certainly understand the value of having  sufficient customs officials manning our ports of entry and agents  protecting our border; but eliminating the critical polygraph  requirements for certain CBP applicants only undermines our Nation's  safety, given this agency's historic connection to organized crime,  drug cartels, and corruption.    The DHS inspector general has warned that weakening CBP polygraph  requirements would make our southern border more vulnerable and that we  should, instead, identify ways to make hiring more efficient without  sacrificing integrity and effectiveness.   Mr. Speaker, in fact, I live in a community that the FBI has now  identified as one of the most dangerous cities in the country,  Albuquerque, New Mexico, primarily because of the drug cartel. The drug  trade in our city and in our State is significant, so we understand  having sufficient officers.   While I strongly oppose this bill, I am committed to working with my  colleagues and CBP to identify solutions that won't jeopardize national  security.    Mr. Speaker, I have an  amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, this is, in  fact, a national security issue. No other Federal law enforcement  agency in the country--not the FBI, DEA, ATF, or Secret Service--makes  any exceptions to their polygraph exam.   I understand that the CBP has a staffing shortage, but watering down  vetting standards is dangerous and could lead to more corruption at the  largest law enforcement agency in the country. In fact, 2,170 CBP  personnel were arrested for sexual assault, excessive force, conspiring  with international drug trafficking organizations, and other offenses  between 2005 and 2012.   In response, Congress enacted legislation to require every applicant  to undergo a polygraph exam--no exceptions. DHS' own Integrity Advisory  Panel and the GAO have both recommended that the current polygraph  testing be expanded, not reduced, given the higher rates of corruption  at CBP than any other Federal law enforcement agency.   This bill takes us backward, and some current and former DHS  officials have expressed concerns that the bill could expose the agency  to corrupt individuals who could undermine the integrity of the  workforce.   DHS Inspector General John Roth warned that the proposed legislation  ``could put CBP at significant risk and that while it may sound  reasonable to say you could waive requirements from former military  personnel because they have passed a polygraph, Border Patrol agents  work in a different environment that is not as controlled as the  military.''   Former CBP head of Internal Affairs has stated that ``very few  members of the military take polygraphs or have comprehensive  background checks, and the quality of State or local law enforcement  polygraphs varies widely.''   My amendment would delay the implementation of the bill until, one,  CBP completes its ongoing pilot program of an alternative polygraph  test that may help speed up hiring while maintaining vetting standards;  and, two, the DHS inspector general determines that the bill would not  endanger our national security, undermine workforce integrity, or, in  fact, increase corruption.   I recognize that CBP is managing hiring and staffing issues. Passing  this bill without knowing its potential risks or consequences is not  only shortsighted, but I think it is irresponsible. We shouldn't  blindly experiment with our Nation's security given that drugs,  weapons, and human trafficking, as well as terrorism, are all threats  we are facing at the border.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' for my amendment to  help safeguard national security and protect the integrity of the CBP  and its officers.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Schneider), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1  minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back  the balance of my time.   