 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment protects a robust public  review process for any proposed pipeline that seeks to cross protected  conservation and recreation lands. The legislation before us today,  with its short-circuited environmental reviews, puts treasured public  lands at risk.   My home State of Massachusetts, like many areas around the country,  faces real energy challenges. We need careful and strategic long-term  planning in order to lower energy prices and maintain reliability and  resiliency. Over the past several years, we have seen proposals for new  natural gas pipelines that would stretch hundreds of miles and cross  many different communities.   We must work to identify ways to lower energy prices for our homes  and businesses, and increasing the supply of lower cost natural gas may  be one way to achieve that objective while we transition to cleaner,  more affordable, and sustainable alternatives. However, we cannot, in  the long run, afford to be careless about our other environmental  interests as we make that transition.   These major infrastructure proposals in New England and elsewhere  around the country deserve close and careful scrutiny given the  potential environmental impacts and the costs borne by ratepayers.   Regrettably, this legislation moves us in the wrong direction. This  bill would force FERC to rush decisionmaking, including environmental  reviews necessary to determine if pipelines will have negative impacts  on State forests, parks, wildlife management areas, and wetlands, lands  expressly put aside as a result of a public decision to protect them.   Our Nation has a longstanding history of preserving natural habitats  and protecting open spaces for the public benefit, and we have invested  enormous public resources toward these goals. These lands and the  decisions behind them deserve to be honored.   In my district, we recently went through the public review process  for a  [[Page H6008]]  proposed natural gas pipeline. Hundreds of my constituents expressed  their concerns about the project. Construction of the pipeline could  have jeopardized local wildlife and impacted both State and federally  designated conservation land, as well as Massachusetts' scarce  farmland.   Thanks to a robust review process, the public had numerous  opportunities to question the project and express these legitimate  concerns, and their views were able to be fully considered.   While I believe we must protect that review process for all  infrastructure projects, my amendment focuses on pipelines that cross  protected conservation and recreation lands.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and protect investments  by Federal taxpayers, States, and local communities in preserving their  natural and historic resources.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to say, first, that energy  infrastructure is critical to our economy; yet we cannot simply give  the fossil fuel industry carte blanche to build pipelines without  robust public reviews.   I yield 1\3/4\ minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Beyer).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment protects a robust public  review process for any proposed pipeline that seeks to cross protected  conservation and recreation lands, this time for pipelines that  includes a crossing with Canada or Mexico. The legislation before us  today, with its narrowly defined environmental reviews and limited  public input, puts treasured public resources at risk.   My home State of Massachusetts, like many areas around the country,  faces real energy challenges. We need careful and strategic long-term  planning in order to lower energy prices and increase reliability and  resiliency.   However, as with H.R. 2910 that we considered earlier this afternoon,  H.R. 2883 moves us in the wrong direction. In fact, it doesn't allow  any careful or strategic planning when it comes to fossil fuel  pipelines.   Cross-border and natural gas pipeline interests should not be  permitted to cavalierly tread on public lands, lands expressly set  aside by Federal taxpayers, State and local communities for the benefit  of conservation and public recreation.   Our Nation has a longstanding history of preserving natural habitats  and protecting open spaces for the public benefit, and we have invested  significant public resources toward these goals. These lands and the  decisions behind them deserve to be honored.   The potential negative environmental impacts of an oil or natural gas  pipeline are too great to risk such treasured investments by Federal  taxpayers and State and local communities, and we should not quickly  forego the essential public review process that has helped ensure these  public treasures are available to future generations.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I don't have any additional speakers.   I would just like to say that energy infrastructure is critical to  our economy, yet we cannot simply give the fossil fuel industry a carte  blanche to build pipelines that adversely impact conservation and  recreation lands.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   