 Mr. President, I rise to discuss four amendments that I  have submitted to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that would strengthen this  legislation in ways that are important to our middle-income families.   I express my thanks to the majority leader, my colleagues, and the  administration for working with me on these proposals.   The first amendment would allow taxpayers to deduct up to $10,000 in  State and local property taxes. In recent years, more than 95 percent  of all of those who itemize on their tax forms and 28 percent of all  Federal income tax filers deducted State and local taxes, including  property taxes. Yet the Senate bill would eliminate this deduction  altogether.   The deduction for State and local taxes has been part of our Tax Code  since 1913, when the income tax became law. It was intended to prevent  a Federal tax from being imposed on a State tax. In other words, it was  to prevent double taxation.   This deduction is especially important to the people of Maine. In my  State, 166,000 itemizers deducted a total of $725 million in property  taxes on their Federal income tax returns. This amendment would allow  the vast majority of Mainers who itemize to continue to fully deduct  their property taxes.   Improving the bill in this way--by preserving the property tax  deduction up to $10,000--is crucial for middle-income taxpayers across  the United States. In fact, for filers earning less than $75,000 who  itemize, the State and local property tax deduction is typically larger  than the State and local income tax deduction.   While I would prefer allowing the deduction of both State and local  income and property taxes, the benefits of the property tax deduction  are particularly important to middle-income families with less than  $75,000 in income. In addition, by allowing the deduction of up to  $10,000 in property taxes, my amendment parallels the provision that  has been included in the House version of the tax bill.   My second amendment would strike a provision that could lessen the  retirement benefits of church, charity,  [[Page S7521]]  school, and government employees, including firefighters, police  officers, and teachers. I appreciate very much that my colleague from  Ohio, Senator Portman, has cosponsored this amendment.   We are in the midst of a retirement crisis in this country. According  to the nonpartisan Center for Retirement Research, there is a $7.7  trillion gap between the savings that American households need to  maintain their standards of living in retirement and what they actually  have. As Americans are living longer, seniors are in danger of  outliving their savings or of no longer being able to enjoy the  comfortable retirements they once had envisioned. We must do everything  we can to encourage people to save more for retirement, not less.   Employees of churches, charities, schools, and local governments are  generally paid less than their counterparts who work for for-profit  businesses. Thus, they are less able to save for their retirements,  especially early in their careers. Accordingly, there are special  catch-up rules that allow these employees to contribute additional  amounts near the ends of their careers when they are likely to have  higher salaries.   There is also a special rule that permits churches, charities, and  public educational institutions to make contributions for employees  after they retire so as to make up for the shortfalls in the employees'  retirement savings during their working years. Regrettably, as drafted,  the Senate bill would hurt many church, charity, school, and government  workers by eliminating these critical tax rules, including the ability  to make these catchup and makeup contributions to retirement accounts.  Striking this provision, as my amendment would do, would ensure that  those employees who serve the public achieve greater retirement  security.    My third amendment would improve the child and dependent care tax  credit by making it refundable, thus providing much needed assistance  to low-income working families. Making this credit refundable would  help many families afford high-quality childcare or adult daycare for  older parents or relatives who can no longer care for themselves.   Working families are increasingly faced with difficult decisions when  it comes to balancing care and work, with some concluding that the  steep cost of care serves as a barrier to working more or working at  all. Nearly 15 million children in America under the age of 6 have  working parents. These parents, particularly single parents, often  struggle to find affordable, quality daycare, which ensures that they  can continue to work while having the peace of mind that their children  or their elderly parents are well cared for.   Congress should make this tax credit refundable, meaning that  families who have no Federal income tax liability but pay other taxes  will also benefit. Since it is not currently refundable, most low- and  some middle-income tax-paying families are unable to take advantage of  the childcare tax credit. In fact, according to the Tax Policy Center,  almost no families in the bottom income quintile have been able to  claim that credit. Think about that. These are the lowest income  families who need help the most in paying for childcare or care for a  dependent, elderly parent or grandparent or other relative; yet  virtually none of them qualify for the credit--none of them are able to  claim the credit.   To pay for making the child and adult dependent care credit  refundable, my amendment would close the carried interest loophole, a  tax reform that the President has endorsed.   Finally, high medical expenses are continuing to burden many American  consumers, yet due to a highly unfortunate provision in the Affordable  Care Act, consumers can deduct medical expenses only if they exceed 10  percent of their income. That threshold used to be 7.5 percent, and my  amendment would return the threshold to that level to help taxpayers,  particularly seniors who are struggling with the cost of long-term care  for a loved one.   Just this past week, when I was in Maine, an elderly gentleman  stopped me in the grocery store to tell me that he simply cannot afford  long-term care for his beloved wife, given the change in this  threshold. For those who suffer from chronic medical conditions,  experience unexpected illnesses or injury, or find that long-term care  services are a necessity but are not covered by insurance or Medicare,  healthcare expenses can quickly become an unbearable burden. Many  Americans are forced to choose between purchasing medical services and  making other equally necessary expenditures. Since World War II, the  medical expense deduction has provided much needed assistance to  Americans with catastrophic medical expenses. We should reverse this  ill-advised provision of the Affordable Care Act and reinstate the  ability of those hard-pressed by high medical costs to deduct expenses  in excess of 7.5 percent of their income.   I believe that all four of these amendments would strengthen this  legislation in critical ways and make it more beneficial for middle- income Americans.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   