 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1624, offered by Mr. Messer and Mrs. Maloney,  represents a bipartisan effort to ensure that certain financial  institutions will continue to hold municipal securities, while also  supporting the spirit of an important bank guardrail in the Dodd-Frank  Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.   Bank regulators promulgated the liquidity coverage rule to ensure  that megabanks have a minimum number of assets that they could sell,  even in the worst markets. The rule permits banks to count assets like  Treasury securities, GSE debt, and investment-grade corporate  securities towards the pool. Regulators found that these securities  could be sold even in stressed environments, thereby allowing a  megabank to weather the storm of an economic crisis. This rule, known  as the liquidity coverage rule, is an important tool for banking  regulators to guard against the type of contagion we saw during the  financial crisis.   However, the bank regulators excluded all municipal securities  because they concluded that municipal securities, as a class, are  difficult to sell in stressed markets. This may be generally true, but  the investment-grade debt of my State of California has lots of buyers  and sellers and has a liquidity profile similar to many corporate  securities. So it makes sense that, if there are municipal securities  like California's debt that meet the same eligibility standards as  other corporate securities, they should also be counted toward a bank's  liquid assets under the rule.   The Federal Reserve quickly recognized this problem and has since  adopted a correction to permit bank holding companies under its  jurisdiction to treat municipal securities that are liquid, market  ready, and investment grade the same as similar corporate securities.   This bill, as amended, takes the relief adopted by the Federal  Reserve and extends it to banks regulated by the Office of the  Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation. It isn't clear to me just how many municipalities will  benefit from this legislation, and I imagine most would not, but even  if only a handful of our States and cities qualify, the bill is worth  passing because it could help to reduce financing costs for those  governments.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mrs. Maloney's hard work and bipartisan  efforts on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume, and I thank Mr. Messer for his leadership on  this legislation.   He is absolutely correct. He worked very closely with Mrs. Maloney.  This is a bipartisan bill. He correctly stated that we do sometimes get  together and work on issues in ways that we can be helpful, not only to  our constituents in general but to cities and towns. We have talked an  awful lot about wanting to improve our infrastructures, and this is one  way that it certainly can be done.   I would like to point out again the Federal Reserve's role in this  because of the way that they recognized the problem and what they did  to adopt a correction to the problem. So this bill again, as amended,  takes the relief adopted by the Federal Reserve.   Again, this is a case where we had Members who understood this  problem, moved forward on it, and recognized that the Federal Reserve  also recognized the problem. When you have several entities who have  recognized a problem, it certainly makes good sense and good public  policy for everybody to come together to correct it. So with the  Federal Reserve having come forward and adopting this relief, it means  that it is extended to banks regulated by the Office of the Comptroller  of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   Again, I wish I could say that every city in the United States would  benefit from it, but not all will. Not all need it. But for those who  do, I think it is important for us to recognize that when we have the  opportunity to come together and to help any part of our country, and  when it is very easy to do so, I think we should do it. So I am very  pleased that we have been able to do that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), who is the lead Democratic  cosponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.   