 Mr. Speaker, for the third week in a row, Republicans  are back on the floor of the House of Representatives seeking to  overturn environmental protections for our Nation's deeply valued  public lands, this time attacking wildlife protections for iconic  species living in national wildlife refuges in Alaska.   This is not a new issue for me or my constituents. My late husband,  Senator Paul Tsongas, helped write the Alaska National Interest Lands  Conservation Act of 1980. He worked on a bipartisan basis with Senator  Ted Stevens of Alaska to craft legislation that balanced conservation  with responsible economic development for Alaskans, including oil  exploration, mining, timber harvesting, and sport hunting.   But he also stated on the Senate floor, back in 1980: ``Nature made  the wilderness and wildlife in Alaska majestic during hundreds of  thousands of years. Man''--and, I would add, woman--``is challenged  merely to respect and preserve that natural majesty.''   He also spoke on the Senate floor about conversations at the dinner  table with our then 6-year-old daughter, who asked what her father was  doing to protect endangered species. Well, our daughter has grown now,  but here we are 37 years later in Congress debating if that bipartisan  law crafted with my late husband allows hunters to shoot bear cubs and  wolf pups in their den on a national wildlife refuge.   My colleagues are correct that ANILCA, as that law is known, and  other Federal laws give the State of Alaska unique privileges and  responsibilities to oversee wildlife management on public lands;  however, this is not a carte blanche. There has never been a right to  set policies on national wildlife refuges that are inconsistent with  bedrock environmental laws or ANILCA's mandate to conserve species and  habitats in their natural diversity on wildlife refuges.   I fully support the Fish and Wildlife Service's decision to no longer  turn a blind eye to harmful practices that are detrimental to  nationally significant species and are not rooted in science-based  wildlife management practices.   If my colleagues so desperately want to authorize a right to shoot  bears from a helicopter in a wildlife refuge, I would be happy to  recommend some video games. I hear virtual reality headsets these days  make it just like the real thing. I urge a ``no'' vote on this  resolution.    