 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill.   This bill is where we take the first big step to begin rebuilding our  military. The world is more dangerous and unstable than at any time in  recent history. Iran, Russia, and China are increasingly challenging  our vital interests and those of our allies. The threats coming from  North Korea are more ominous than anything we have faced in decades. At  the same time, terrorists from ISIS, al-Qaida, and their affiliates  endanger our very way of life.   Our number one responsibility as Members of Congress is to provide  for the defense of this Nation. Since becoming Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee chairwoman, I have spent time talking to senior defense  leadership to find out what they need to combat these threats. They  have unanimously stated that the only thing our adversaries respect is  strength and they need this bill passed to ensure our military is as  strong and effective as possible.   The bill today brings total FY17 defense funding to $25 billion more  than last year and $22 billion more than the Obama administration's  original request. The bill includes $21 billion for critical military  requirements, as requested by the new administration. The bill provides  the resources for Secretary Mattis to implement his plan to restore our  military so that we can fight the adversaries we face today and those  we will face in the future.   Today we take the first critical step in Secretary Mattis' plan to  fix the potholes in our military readiness. We do that by reversing the  cuts to manpower proposed by the Obama administration and increase  military pay. We provide $7.3 billion over the Obama budget to support  operations, training, equipment maintenance, and military facility  repairs.   We reverse steep cuts to equipment and modernization. The bill  provides $12 billion more than the previous administration's request  for additional aircraft, ships, vehicles, munitions, and all the other  needs of our troops. The bill also adds $2 billion above the Obama  budget for research programs to ensure that we preserve our  technological edge against increasingly capable adversaries.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, we provide additional funds to support the  healthcare needs of our military personnel and their families,  including medical research programs. We provide additional funds  requested by the President for a reinvigorated strategy to defeat ISIS  and other terrorist groups.   I urge the House to support Secretary Mattis by giving him this long  [[Page H3292]]  overdue funding. We cannot turn our backs on our troops by forcing them  to work under a continuing resolution. To paraphrase the Chief of Staff  of the Air Force, there is no enemy that can do more damage to our  military than a full-year continuing resolution. Our military is  counting on us to pass this bill now. It is the only way to ensure the  United States will be strong and able to lead in this very dangerous  world.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge a ``yes'' vote.   