 Mr. President, I thank Senator Merkley for his  leadership.   Mr. President, this current Tax Code--I would love to see tax reform.  I have long advocated for it. I actually would like to see the business  rates go down. I would like to see the money come in from overseas and  some incentives put in place. But this bill is extreme. This bill puts  a $1.4 trillion hole in the debt. That is what it does--additional  debt.   In fact, just yesterday, the congressional Joint Committee on  Taxation said that even when you account for any economic growth--and  this is the umpire here--that would add $1 trillion to the Federal  budget deficit over the next decade.   So what I would like to see--and what I thought we were talking about  at the beginning of the year--is a bipartisan effort. Seventeen of us  who are willing to cross the aisle and who have had a track record of  working on bipartisan bills stood up just this week and said: Work with  us. Instead, what we have is a partisan bill that blows up the debt. We  have a partisan bill that would be devastating to our economy. No one  has even had a hearing. No one has even looked at what the consequences  would be in this bill. Literally, on the hour, we are getting calls in  my office from small businesses, from regular people, from Main Street  businesses that have no idea what is going to happen to them under this  bill. All they know right now for sure is that it adds over $1 trillion  to the debt.   Where is the transportation funding we thought we could do with this  bill? We brought the money back from overseas and tied that into  infrastructure funding. That didn't happen. What is missing from the  bill? Where is getting rid of the oil giveaways? Where is implementing  the Buffett rule? Where is getting rid of something the President said  he wanted to change; that is, the carried interest rule. None of that  is in there. Instead, what we have, what our constituents are going to  get here at Christmas, is a stocking full of a big lump of debt.   One of the things that we know is an issue with this bill is the  double taxation we see in the bill.    Mr. President, another troubling aspect of this bill  is the inclusion of a provision to repeal a key part of the Affordable  Care Act that would kick 13 million--13 million--people off of their  insurance by 2027 and increase the individual market premiums by 10  percent. We should be helping with the premiums, not increasing the  premiums. This means less money in the pockets of American middle-class  families--less money to save for retirement, less money for college.  That is what we are talking about here.   The American people, in fact, want us to work together to make fixes  to the Affordable Care Act. That is what we did just about a month and  a half ago. The Alexander-Murray bill--12 Republicans, 12 Democratic  cosponsors, and I am one of them--that bill is sitting out there. Yet,  without even considering that, what does this bill do? It gets rid of  the individual mandate.   Senators Alexander and Murray held a series of hearings and  discussions on commonsense solutions. They actually had a hearing on  their committee. They had Governors come in, Democrats and Republicans  together, and that is how they put that product together. It is a model  for how we can put a bill together.  [[Page S7541]]    Instead of that kind of bipartisan approach, this tax bill not only  repeals an important part of the Affordable Care Act, but it would lead  to hundreds of billions of dollars in cuts to Medicare and Medicaid,  hurting our seniors. Both Minnesota and Oregon have significant rural  populations, and those hospitals are just hanging on the edge as it is.   Now, what do we do? We sock them with this: getting rid of the  individual mandate which will, in the end, raise rates and hurt the  Affordable Care Act as opposed to making some commonsense changes.    Mr. President, this bill, as Senator Merkley has  pointed out, is really a bait and switch. How? Under this bill,  millions of middle-class Americans would end up paying more in taxes in  the long run. It is a bait and switch: Get a little reduction, a few  crumbs in your stocking in the short term, but in the long run, many of  the tax cuts they receive, if they receive a tax cut at all, would only  be temporary.   In 10 years, most Americans earning $75,000 or less would pay more in  taxes, while people earning more than $100,000 a year would continue to  pay less.   According to an analysis by the Institute on Taxation and Economic  Policy, 644,000 Minnesotans with incomes below $153,800 would see a tax  hike in 2027. Yes, that is almost 650,000 Minnesotans who would see a  tax hike if they make below about $153,000.   I want to highlight again what Senator Merkley already discussed with  the elimination of the State and the local tax deduction. Many middle- class families rely on these. In my State, we have both an income tax  and State property taxes. Over 900,000 households claim the State and  local income tax deduction, and over 850,000 claim the property tax  deduction. We have a lot of homeowners in Minnesota. Both of these  deductions are important for our middle-class Minnesota families. We  want people to own homes. We want to make it easier for middle-class  people to own homes.   For example, a policeman and a teacher with two children, with a  mortgage, could see their taxes go up under this bill by $250 to $500 a  year. Maybe my colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't think  that is a lot. Well, that is a lot for a middle-class family in my  State. Once these cuts disappear in 2027, their tax bill would be  $3,000 higher. Why is that? Because it is not offset by the fact that  they can no longer deduct their State and local taxes.   That is one example. Senator Merkley has others.    Mr. President, the Senate bill also allows companies  to blend the tax rate for income that is earned overseas, which may  give companies incentives to move jobs to foreign countries, which  creates a whole new tax avoidance scheme. I wanted to bring that rate  down, to bring jobs here, to make sure that money is invested here, and  to bring home some of the trillions of dollars that are overseas. That  was a good idea. The only question was where was the rate, but not only  did they change the rate, they actually changed the way we did those  taxes.    Bob Pozen, the former chairman of the oldest mutual fund company in  the United States, has noted that the system that is contained in this  bill, which includes this new average minimum U.S. tax, is ``like Swiss  cheese. It has so many holes that it would rarely be paid by U.S.  firms.''   He goes on to say that, in fact, this proposal would encourage U.S.  companies to relocate to foreign countries a lot of their intellectual  property. A minimum tax would be effective only if it applied, he says,  to the foreign taxes paid by U.S. companies on a country-by-country  basis, rather than on an aggregate basis across all foreign countries.  Nevertheless, both the House and the Senate bill allow these companies  to utilize this aggregate approach.   Yet we have not had one hearing to look at this new system. Not only  did we not have a hearing to look at what the new rate is, we didn't  look at the effect of this global minimum tax which encourages  companies to place jobs in countries that have no taxes so they are  offset by the ones that have higher taxes.   This bill would allow a one-time opportunity to bring back some of  the trillions of dollars. That is what we wanted to see in a bill, but  that is not what we saw in this bill.   I have always said that if we could bring back that money from  overseas, we should at least put a percentage of it in infrastructure.  That was going to be a gain from this bill. Democrats and Republicans  talked about this as a way of financing infrastructure.   The American Society of Civil Engineers' 2017 report card gave our  Nation's infrastructure an overall D-plus grade, but is there any  incentive for infrastructure in this bill? No. Is there any financing  authority like we have discussed to put bills forward on a bipartisan  basis? No. Is there any chance to put any of this funding, when we are  building up over $1 trillion in debt, into the highway fund? No. This  money is not going to infrastructure for Americans, and it is not going  to middle-class Americans.    Again, I conclude by asking our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle to work with us. Eighteen Democratic Senators  stood together with a track record of working across the aisle, asked  them to join us to work on a bill that would actually help the American  people, that wouldn't add this big lump of debt into Americans'  stockings, but that is not what this bill is. This bill is about debt,  it is about special interests, and it doesn't help the middle class.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   