 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to commend my sister in so many fights, Ms.  Ros-Lehtinen, whom we will miss. But we are not letting her get away  that quickly, because we have about a year together with many fights  and fun to engage in.   I am here this afternoon to talk about something not very pleasant,  and that is the absolute necessity to adopt H.R. 2658, the Venezuela  Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of  2017.   Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, Mr. Engel, and Mr. Sires have introduced this  legislation, rightfully, because the Maduro regime has repeatedly  demonstrated that they have no respect for political freedom, human  rights, or even the basic needs of their own citizens. The consequences  for the Venezuelan people are becoming more and more devastating every  day.   It is absolutely unconscionable that the Maduro regime is refusing to  allow food, medicine, and other essential supplies to reach Venezuelans  in need. This bill would be a valuable step to ensure that the  Venezuelan people are helped, even if their government would prefer  that people die rather than receive aid from the international  community.   The sanctions that have been imposed thus far against the  perpetrators  [[Page H9659]]  in the Maduro regime have been steps in the right direction, but we  must do more. The Venezuelan Government has demonstrated time and time  again that they won't do the right thing on their own, so we must  continue to apply stronger and stronger pressure. This legislation  would strengthen the President's ability to tighten the screws on  Maduro and his cronies.   In order for Venezuela to return to peace and prosperity, its  democracy must be restored and strengthened. Elections under the Maduro  regime have been manipulated and undermined, and it is absolutely  essential that next year's Presidential election proceeds freely and  fairly.   That is why it is so urgent that we pass this bill into law to  empower the State Department to work with our allies and partners and  the Venezuelan people to help them take their country back.    Many Venezuelans have fled the chaos in their  country to freedom and safety in my congressional district. The  significant infusion of our Venezuelan friends and neighbors has  affectionately dubbed my hometown of Weston, Florida, as Westonzuela.    We have welcomed them to our community, but we are committed to  joining them in the fight for their country and for their friends and  family members who remain there in the fight. This legislation is an  important step in that battle, and I urge all of my colleagues to join  me in supporting this important legislation.   