 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to call for bipartisan  action on healthcare.   I think it was interesting to learn that the citizens of Virginia who  voted yesterday listed as their top issue healthcare. There was  obviously an issue there where there had been no Medicaid expansion,  and they were unhappy with the way it had been handled by the  legislature there as well as Republicans who were in charge of the  legislature, and they appeared to be pushing for a change.   We have an opportunity here to make a bipartisan change. I think it  is exactly the kind of message that we got yesterday. In my State, we  have a Republican legislature and a Democratic Governor. They came  together to do something about some of the rates, particularly in our  rural areas. They focused on reinsurance, cost sharing--some of the  things in the bipartisan agreement reached between Senator Alexander  and Senator Murray. We have 12 Democrats and 12 Republicans  cosponsoring that bill. Support includes the American Cancer Society,  the American Diabetes Society, the March of Dimes, and the Arthritis  Foundation--and those are just the A's.   The American people want us to work together to make fixes to the  Affordable Care Act. The day it passed, I said that it was a beginning  and not an end. Unfortunately, we have been stymied in trying to make  those kind of changes, and this is one bipartisan big opportunity to do  it. I think it is a sensible bipartisan approach.   As we all know, both Senator Alexander and Senator Murray held a  series of hearings and discussions on commonsense solutions to bring  down insurance costs with Senators on both sides of the aisle. There  were Governors and insurance experts, and we worked hard to make sure  there was some agreement on this bill. I fought for provisions that  would help States apply for and receive waivers to give them some  flexibility to construct their healthcare system and to bring down the  costs without losing Federal funding. That is something my State did.  As I mentioned, my State, with a Republican-led legislature and a  Democratic Governor, came together to apply for a waiver and a  reinsurance provision.   The bill would also expedite the review of waiver applications for  proposals that have already been approved for other States that are  experiencing certain circumstances--emergency circumstances--where they  need to make changes.   The legislation also shortens the overall time period that States  would have to wait for the Federal Government to decide whether to  approve their waivers.   All of these are good fundamental concepts--this idea that States  should have some flexibility, that they should be able to apply for  waivers, and that they should be able to get their answers as soon as  possible from the Federal Government. That is what this bill is about.  Not only does the bill improve the process for waivers and flexibility  for the States, like we have seen in Minnesota, where already the  projected  [[Page S7092]]  numbers brought the rates down something like 20 percent, but the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says the Murray-Alexander bill  would actually cut the deficit by $3.8 billion over the next 10 years.  That is hard to argue with.   It is clear that this legislation could get support from both sides  of the aisle to make healthcare better for Americans. We have a  majority of Senators supporting this bill. So we need to get it done  because the longer we wait, the more the markets don't know what is  going on, the more confusion that is created, and the more the  administration is doing things that sabotages the Affordable Care Act.   We need this stability in the system. Passing the bill would be an  important step forward, but we still must do more to bring down the  costs for middle-class families. A big part of that is addressing the  skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs. I have heard from people  across Minnesota who are struggling to afford the medicine they need.  This is about the woman in Duluth who told me that she chose not to  fill her last prescription because that one drug would cost a whole 25  percent of her income. It is about a woman in St. Paul who, even with  Medicare, couldn't afford $663 a month for the medicine she needs. It  is about someone from Crystal, MN, who told me: I am practically going  without food to pay for the prescription. It is heartbreaking that this  is happening in America.   Reducing the cost of prescription drugs has bipartisan support in  Congress, and the President has said he wants to get something done. He  has said: The drug companies are ``getting away with murder.'' Those  are his words. That is what he said.   So what can we do? Republicans and Democrats could come together and  act right now. I have a bill that has 33 cosponsors that lifts the ban  that makes it illegal for Medicare to negotiate prices for prescription  drugs for 41 million seniors. I think 41 million seniors are pretty  good at getting bargains and deals, and they deserve to have someone  negotiating on their behalf; that is, the government negotiating for  Medicare. Except, why don't we negotiate, like we do for the VA, and  like other countries do? We don't negotiate because there is a  provision in law that says that the government is not allowed to  negotiate on behalf of 41 million seniors with the drug companies. They  are just set. Guess what that means. That is a big part of the reason  why our drug prices are double the cost of those in Canada--because we  are just taking it and we are not negotiating.   Another idea, bringing up Canada, is that Senator McCain and I have a  bill that would allow less expensive drugs to be sold in the United  States. To me, that is a way of putting pressure on our own drug  companies to put out better prices if they know there is going to be  competition.   Senator Grassley of Iowa and I have a bill to stop something called  pay-for-delay. That is when big pharmaceutical companies actually pay  off generic companies to keep less expensive products off the market.  This bill would save taxpayers $2.9 billion. Do you know why? Because  right now there is no competition or very little competition, and they  are actually paying their competitors to stay off the market. The  competitors have decided: Well, I get more money to be paid to stay off  the market than if I actually competed.   Think about what a rip-off that is for the American people. We are  allowing this to go on while the consumers are paying the price. How  much? We know the government alone is going to save $2.9 billion if we  stop this practice. Consumers would save most likely around that same  amount because they are paying all the copays. Both the government is  ripped off and the consumers are ripped off, and the only ones making  money off of it are the drug companies.   Another idea is, Senator Lee and I have a bill that would allow  temporary importation of safe drugs that have been on the market in  another country for at least 10 years when there isn't healthy  competition in our own country. Again, if your drug companies that are  messing around, charging high prices and not allowing competition in-- if you know there might be foreign competition coming in, that is an  incentive because you want to then make sure that doesn't happen  because you know that if you keep your prices high and you do things to  disallow competition, you are going to have some major competition. I  don't know how else we bring the prices down without allowing more  competition.   I also have a bipartisan bill with Senators Grassley, Lee, Feinstein,  and Leahy, which is called the CREATES Act, to put a stop to other  pharmaceutical company tactics, such as refusing to provide samples to  generic companies that are supposed to be allowed to compete with them.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, this legislation would  save approximately $3.6 billion.   As we hear about tax reform and hear about the debt we might be  seeing expand if something like this goes forward, then we ask  yourselves: What is not in those bills? Why aren't we saving some money  for the American people and reducing the debt by allowing for this  competition, by allowing for the samples, by allowing for more  generics, by stopping this practice of companies paying each other to  keep their competitors off the market?   What this healthcare debate has been about for the last year, where  repeatedly there have been attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act-- it has been about that. The American people made it really clear, they  want to make it about something else. They want to make it about  improvements to the system we have now to make it easier for them. One  way is the Alexander-Murray bill, which I strongly support. I am one of  the cosponsors. It is smart. It works with the States, both Democratic  and Republican States--blue States, red States. We want to see that  kind of flexibility. The other way is to take a stand, be willing to  take on the pharmaceutical industry, and take on some of the cost  issues when it comes to prescription drugs.   Let's come together in the Senate, as an initial move, and pass the  Murray-Alexander bill. We must do that, and we must do it by the end of  the year. Then we can go on from there to actually do something about  the cost of prescription drugs.   I yield the floor.   