 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and I thank him for leading this important hour tonight.   Madam Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues in the Congressional  Black Caucus and with Americans from our great country because it is  time to root out racism.   While racism has, tragically, been a part of the American story--from  Jamestown to Jim Crow; to the Little Rock Nine, whose 60th anniversary  is today--in 2017, we are seeing it rise in new and disturbing ways.   Right now, there is a sham, ``Presidential voting commission,''  plotting to turn back the clock on our voting rights.   Right now, African Americans live in fear that they will be stricken  down, unjustly, because of the color of their skin.   Right now there is an un-American and unconstitutional Muslim ban  preventing families from reuniting.   Right now the Attorney General is undoing consent decrees and pouring  billions of tax dollars into the for-profit prison industry.   Right now there are rabid racists, White nationalists, and White  supremacists that this administration won't denounce.  [[Page H7479]]    And right now our President refuses to blame White supremacists for  racially motivated killings in Charlottesville. The individuals, who  inspired this bigoted violence, he called ``some very fine people.''   Just this weekend, we saw President Trump attack athletes for  exercising their First Amendment rights; using terms like ``you  people'' and ``those people'' in an effort to further divide us.   Our Commander in Chief is uniting those who hate, while ignoring  millions of Americans facing a humanitarian disaster in Puerto Rico,  the Virgin Islands, Florida, and Houston.   Madam Speaker, if we want to root out racism, we need to start at the  top. Let's start with this White House.   Racism is a cancer. You don't ignore a cancer. You don't let it  fester and grow. You cut it out. You purge it. You remove it. That is  what we must do with racism: remove it, stop it before it grows further  and consumes us.   America's greatest strength has always been our diversity. It is the  source of our economic innovation that made us the world's largest  economy. It is our ability to stand shoulder to shoulder and face down  any threats that have been made to America, from the Contrabands and  the Red Tails to Lance Corporal Jose Gutierrez. It is our ability to  see ourselves and our families in one another that makes America great.  It is our compassion and belief that we all share a higher purpose, as  Americans, that propels us to higher heights.   It is our capacity to come together and break bread, help someone  with a flat tire, even give our own lives for those of others. These  are the things that make America great, not some idealized, grayscale  image of a misremembered past.   It is all Americans who make America great, and that greatness comes  in all colors, all genders, all faiths, all orientations. When we stand  together, we are stronger. When we are divided, we will fail. That is  why it is imperative that we call out racism, decry racism, and, most  importantly, root out racism.   