 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2473, the Put  Trafficking Victims First Act of 2017. I thank Ranking Member Jackson  Lee, Chairman Goodlatte, and also Representative Ann Wagner of Missouri  for her leadership in combating trafficking in America. The importance  of a bipartisan approach cannot be overstated or diminished.   Over the years, we have made tremendous progress, but the work is far  from over. The Put Trafficking Victims First Act is a great first step  forward in addressing the perilous deficiencies in sex trafficking  policies and services in America.   As an original cosponsor of this bill, I am grateful for the  inclusion of my amendments that serve to further support and strengthen  this important legislation by providing necessary language and focus on  young victims in the child welfare system.   In drafting legislation that calls for data collection assessments to  help identify and implement effective and responsive models of justice  and relief services, we must always be cognizant of the need to draw  awareness and find solutions to eradicate the devastating epidemic of  young children who are in the U.S. child welfare system from becoming  victims of sex trafficking.   In particular, it is imperative that we better identify and screen  the characteristics of children and youth involved in the child welfare  and justice systems and that we provide greater access to appropriate  housing and services from trained trauma-informed care service  providers. Far too often, we hear stories about victims who cannot  access housing, shelter, or mental healthcare and are unable to expunge  or seal their criminal records and are treated like criminals rather  than victims.   As the cofounder of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I am  [[Page H4488]]  particularly concerned about what we are doing to combat the  devastating epidemic of young girls in the foster care system falling  prey to child exploitation and sex trafficking. I hear horrific stories  of foster girls who have been trafficked far too often, and I hear that  the average age of a girl being involved in trafficking is 12 years  old.   Mr. Speaker, this week we have over 100 youth here from 98 different  congressional districts who will be shadowing their Members of Congress  tomorrow. We met with the youth yesterday, and a number of them stepped  forward and talked about being involved in the trafficking system and  how they fell through the cracks in child welfare.   It is important that we remember that the purpose of the child  welfare system is to protect children who are abused or neglected. When  we take custody of these children, then we--meaning the local, State,  or Federal Government--in effect become their parents. So if your own  child showed up missing and you don't do anything about it, then  obviously you are considered responsible. This is exactly what is  happening with child sex trafficking in the United States.   H.R. 2473 further encourages States to implement screening mechanisms  for all children entering the child welfare system and criminal and  juvenile justice systems to better identify child trafficking and  connect them with appropriate services. I urge my colleagues to vote  for H.R. 2473.   