 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 647, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3971) to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real  Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for  community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating  to mortgage loans, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  to submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, over the last 10 years, the community financial  institution industry has undergone a dramatic transformation. Since  2006, more than 1,500 banks have failed, been acquired, or merged, due  to economic factors and the overwhelmingly expensive regulation brought  forth by the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act.   During this same period, there has been a drought in de novo banks.  In fact, only five new banks charters and 16 new credit union charters  have been granted.  [[Page H9800]]    Today, for the first time in over 125 years, there are fewer than  6,000 banks and, roughly, 6,000 credit unions serving all consumers in  the United States. This is proof that the community financial  institutions need smart, commonsense regulatory relief so they can  properly serve local communities by assisting with small business  startups and consumer credit.   My bill, H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act,  would alleviate harmful burdens on small institutions across the Nation  while saving money for low-income borrowers. This bipartisan measure  would exempt small community-based institutions from mandatory escrow  requirements.   My bill will also provide relief from new regulations that have  nearly doubled the cost of servicing loans, specifically to low-income  borrowers. I know that certain institutions will wish to continue to  provide the same escrow services to their consumers, and they are  welcome to do that.   By offering these real changes, smaller institutions--like the GOP  Federal Credit Union, for example, in my district--can once again focus  their full attention on relationship lending in the community without  worry of government overregulation.   Once again, the current law mandates that all institutions follow  escrow requirements, which raises the cost of credit for those  borrowers who can least afford it, while harming small local  institutions.   Mr. Speaker, I specifically thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Sherman) for working with me on this bill, and I appreciate his support  throughout the process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous  consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling), the chairman of  the Financial Services Committee, control the remainder of the time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, although I am not opposed.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling, and I thank the  gentleman from California for his amendment and work on this bill.   I think this amendment is acceptable, and adopting it will still  allow the bill to provide some regulatory relief to our small community  banks and credit unions, and it will also assist in helping our low- income borrowers in districts like mine, NY-22, where we have lost so  many community banks. I think that this will help encourage lending and  allow small community banks to again lend to people who are in lower  income levels.   I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment, and I thank the  gentleman again from California (Mr. Sherman), for his hard work on the  bill and for this bipartisan effort.   I yield back the balance of my time.   