 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Senate  amendments to H.R. 244, the FY2017 omnibus spending bill. This is not a  perfect bill, but many priorities that are important to my constituents  in Oregon and people around the country are funded and protected, and  it prevents a government shutdown.  [[Page H3306]]    In March, President Trump released a budget proposal that, if  enacted, would be devastating to Oregonians, Americans, and people  worldwide. Thankfully, this omnibus bill largely bypasses the  President's misguided funding recommendations, and instead focuses on  making sure our federal dollars are being spent to help hardworking  families get ahead, support vulnerable populations at home and abroad,  and help grow the economy   This bill funds the National Endowment for the Arts and the National  Endowment for the Humanities, and allows Legal Aid work to continue  through Legal Services Corporation. There is a strong commitment to  securing our infrastructure through robust funding of TIGER  transportation grants and environmental cleanup projects, and there is  funding for Flint, Michigan to continue upgrading its drinking water  infrastructure. Importantly, the bill does not waste any taxpayer  dollars to build a border wall between the United States and Mexico,  and it does not include harmful policy riders to defund Planned  Parenthood, unwind the consumer protections of Dodd-Frank, or withhold  federal funds from cities and states that decline to enforce federal  immigration law that is outside their jurisdiction.   In Oregon, I hear from families of all backgrounds who are struggling  to maintain their economic security. This bill provides funding for the  Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program, and increases funding for  housing programs such as Choice Neighborhoods, Housing Opportunities  for People with AIDS, and Housing for the Elderly. The bill secures  funding for Special Supplemental Nutrition for Women, Infants, and  Children and provides robust funding for Meals on Wheels and summer  Electronic Benefits Transfer, to address food insecurity among some of  our most vulnerable Americans--children and seniors.   The bill also recognizes the devastating toll of the opioid epidemic  in our communities by providing a $650 million increase over 2016  funding to help address this crisis. That funding, coupled with a $2  billion increase to the National Institutes of Health, will help  fulfill the commitment Congress has made to partner with our states and  communities to address this and other health crises facing our country.   As a member of the Science Committee, I am committed to funding basic  science research, mitigating the effects of climate change, and  supporting healthy oceans and estuaries. I am glad the bill includes  increases for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,  which provides weather forecasting, oceanic and atmospheric research,  ocean and coastal services, and fisheries management to the communities  I represent.   As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I am  committed to making sure that all students can receive a quality  education, from pre-K through college. The bill before us will provide  supports for students, including reinstating year-round Pell grants,  increasing Head Start funding by $85 million, and increasing Title I,  IDEA, TRIO, and Gear Up funding over FY2016 enacted levels. I am  disappointed, however, that Congress has raided the Pell Grant reserve  fund to pay for other programs. I am also concerned that this bill  significantly underfunds the Student Support Academic Enrichment Grants  created in the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). The ESSA  provided $1.6 billion for these grants to enable school districts to  provide locally-tailored programming and supportive services for  students who need them most, including school-based mental health  programs, drug and violence prevention programs, and well-rounded  learning opportunities such as arts, music, and civics education. This  bill only provides a fraction of the amount necessary to fully fund  this grant program, and I will continue to advocate for full funding as  we consider the FY2018 spending bills.   I am also disappointed that the bill reauthorizes the Scholarships  for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) program that funds vouchers for  private schools in Washington, DC, despite the program's negative  outcomes for students. In fact, a study released just last week from  the Department of Education showed that students who received SOAR  vouchers had lower math scores than before their enrollment in the  program.   Finally, I do not support yet another increase in defense spending,  especially when the President has failed to outline a clear strategy  for how he intends to use our powerful military around the world. With  cuts to programs that protect the environment, provide consumer  protections, and provide access to women's health services, it is  shortsighted to further increase our defense spending without a plan in  place from the President on how he will keep our country safe.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank our leaders in the House for  working together on this bipartisan legislation that protects many of  our most vulnerable communities and restores confidence in our economy  by preventing a government shutdown. It is not a perfect bill, but one  that I will support. I look forward to continuing to work with my  colleagues on bipartisan agreements that will keep our communities  safe, support public education, protect our natural resources, and  create good jobs in our 21st century economy.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired.   Pursuant to House Resolution 305, the previous question is ordered.   The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Frelinghuysen).   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   