 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment, which undercuts an important rule meant to protect our  public lands and the species that inhabit them.   The National Park Service has an important mission, which is ``to  conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects in the  wildlife by such means as will leave them unimpaired for the enjoyment  of future generations.''   As a result of this mission, the National Park Service has  implemented an important rule that protects a variety of species  critical to the ecosystem in our national preserves in Alaska.   In 1994, Alaska did pass a law that undercut those efforts by  allowing for extreme predator control, which led to fringe practices  that could hardly be called traditional hunting.   Now, the other side may argue that this amendment is a States' rights  issue, but that simply isn't true. These are Federal lands and are,  therefore, subject to Federal regulation.   These national lands are intended to be enjoyed by all Americans,  including those who visit and hope to have the rare opportunity to see  bears and wolves in their natural habitat.   Now, to be clear, Mr. Chairman, the rule that this amendment aims to  reverse is not intended to ban hunting in its entirety. The rule simply  regulates that there be no use of bait, which has been as extreme as  grease-soaked doughnuts and bacon, allowing for point blank shots, no  use of artificial light to spotlight black bear dens, no killing sows  or bear cubs, no killing pups or wolves and coyotes during the denning  season, no hunting of big game that is swimming, no use of dogs to hunt  big game, and no predator control simply for the purpose of increasing  stocks for human consumption.   Now, these are reasonable regulations that prevent cruel hunting  practices. Let us be very clear, Mr. Chairman, that reversing this rule  would actually be thumbing our noses at the voices of tens of thousands  of citizens who took part in a public comment period process that was  extensive.   Before the rule's adoption, the National Park Service held two  separate comment periods which resulted in 26 public hearings, two  teleconferences, and three tribal meetings. More than 70,000 public  comments were received, and the majority of those supported the  existing rule. Ignoring this process and the thoughtful public input  would be a major slight to the democratic process and to everyone who  participated.   These processes are in place to ensure that the voice of the people  is heard, and circumventing this is unacceptable.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I ask to have the gentleman's words taken  down. The gentleman has already impugned my motives by saying that I  don't know a damn thing about what I'm talking about.    He's now called me ``young lady,'' and Mr. Chairman, I  demand that the words be taken down.    Reserving the right to object, I thank the gentleman  from Alaska. I do accept your apology. I thank you for it. We have,  obviously, some work to get to know each other. But I can tell you that  I care about my State, as deeply as you do, and I look forward to  getting to know you.    Mr. Chairman, let me continue by saying that the reason  I do feel strongly about this is I also believe that this amendment  would be bad for the economy and for the people who depend on it.   Every year, wildlife watchers contribute more than $2 billion toward  the economy. According to the National Park Service, in 2016, 2.8  million park visitors spent an estimated $2.8 billion in local gateway  regions while visiting National Park Service lands in Alaska. These  expenditures supported a total of 18,900 jobs, $644.7 million in labor  income, $1.1 billion in value added, and $1.9 billion in economic  output in the Alaska economy.   I do believe--and the reason I am speaking up so strongly about this,  we all have very strong perspectives on all sides. I do believe that we  must do everything we can to preserve our natural lands and their  inhabitants, particularly as climate change takes its toll all over the  country and the world. In my home State of Washington, which I care  deeply about, wildfires are destroying thousands of acres of land and  threatening homes, while across the country residences of Houston are  reeling from Hurricane Harvey and Floridians brace for Hurricane Irma.   We need to invest in our public lands for all Americans so that  generations in the future can continue to enjoy the beauty that our  country has to offer.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   