 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to H.J. Res. 57. This reckless measure rolls back the  progress made by the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA, by making it  easier for schools to ignore vulnerable or underachieving students.   Before ESSA, American schools operated under the one-size-fits-all  model of No Child Left Behind. What we got was a lopsided understanding  of our education system--one that focused on meeting unforgiving  benchmarks and turned a blind eye to students who needed more support.   Then, after years of careful, bipartisan work, we finally succeeded  in passing ESSA last Congress. Thanks to the work of the Congressional  Tri-Caucus, this bill made needed changes to ensure that vulnerable  students, including English language learners and students of color,  didn't slip through the cracks. In fact, the accountability provisions  within ESSA were specifically designed to protect the rights of every  student and ensure that struggling schools have the resources and  support they need to succeed.   Now, by rescinding the rule which implements the core of this law,  Republicans are undoing all of that work in the name of relentless  deregulation. Worse, they are, once again, using the little-known  Congressional Review Act, which means no future administration can  issue a rule like this ever again.   Most Americans are unfamiliar with the Congressional Review Act  because, before this Congress, it has only been used once before. Now  Republicans are using it almost daily to weaken our government and  support fewer people.   With today's vote, Republicans are taking an ax to equity provisions  of ESSA and prioritizing politics over students. Rather than pass this  extreme measure, we should focus on a way to enforce ESSA and ensure  that every student, no matter their race, income level, or language  ability, has access to a quality education.   I urge my colleagues to prioritize our Nation's students and vote  ``no'' on H.J. Res. 57.   