 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. It just says  that the provisions of the SCRUB Act will not apply to any rule or set  of rules relating to any obligation of the Federal Government with  respect to tribal government or supporting tribal sovereignty and self- determination.   Mr. Chair, the United States has a unique legal and political  relationship with Indian tribal governments, as outlined in the  Constitution, treaties, statutes, executive orders, and judicial  decisions. However, too often they have been overlooked when it comes  to Federal policies that will have a direct impact on that relationship  and that sovereignty.   My concern is that, without explicit language, H.R. 998 would simply  continue this mistake, which has had devastating consequences for our  Native American brothers and sisters. It has been a decades-long policy  of the Federal Government to engage Native American tribes in a  government-to-government relationship that respects their right to  self-government and self-determination, and my amendment seeks to  ensure that nothing in this bill will undermine those efforts.   My amendment would exempt rules that will have an impact on this  government-to-government relationship from the bill's requirements.  This will, of course, require agencies and this commission to examine  the impact on this special relationship in each rule that they bring to  the chopping block. It makes clear that protecting the sovereignty and  promoting the economic, political, and social self-determination for  the Native American community remains a pressing priority.   Now, just 2 days ago, Mr. Chairman, the House considered and passed a  bill, H.R. 228, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services  Consolidation Act, to make permanent a program that allows tribes to  combine up to 13 different Federal, employment, childcare, and job  training funding sources.   Of course, the sponsor of this legislation, Representative Don Young,  a true champion for Native Americans, described it well. He said:  ``This program is what tribal self-determination is all about. Tribes  understand their members best and know how to use these tools for  creating expanding job opportunities in their communities.''   The same thing with NAHASDA, which has a lot of innovations, and I  have worked with Congressman Steve Pearce and Representative Cole and  others. Once NAHASDA reauthorization becomes law, it, too, might fall  short because of this particular bill. I fear that the SCRUB Act's  reckless rush to repeal rules based primarily only on one  consideration, cost to the economy, will adversely affect Native  Americans.   How will members of this commission be experts on the sovereignty and  government-to-government relationship with tribes? There is no  appointee for Native American communities on this commission, on the  needs of native communities, on efforts by Congress to promote self- determination. The bill requires zero such knowledge and participation.   Additionally, simply requiring agencies to blindly--blindly--cut  regulations is just nonsensical by itself.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is precisely why the Members should  adopt my amendment: because this is an unelected commission, and the  relationship between Native American tribes is a government-to- government relationship.   If the gentleman is correct that we need to review regulations and  change them, then that is something that  [[Page H1413]]  needs to happen with Native Americans seated at the table. As my good  friend Linda Sanchez often points out, when you are not at the table,  you are definitely on the menu.   History has shown that failure by the Federal Government to consider  the impact on tribal communities and to include their voices in Federal  decisions has often left undesirable and devastating policy. Such  consideration is disrespectful of their sovereignty and disrespectful  of our Constitution. Such consideration is a critical need for us to  create and maintain a strong and productive Federal-tribal  relationship. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   