 Mr. Speaker, in the spirit of bipartisanship, I won't  talk exclusively about the Broncos today. Instead, I want to thank  Representative Hudson for working with me on the bill. It has been a  pleasure.   I also want to thank Chairman Upton and Ranking Member Rush and  Energy and Commerce Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone for  helping us work on this important bill. It is really an example of what  we can accomplish when we put partisanship aside and work to address  our country's needs.   Hydropower is a clean, domestic energy source. Over the last 2 years,  it has provided almost 6 percent of U.S. electricity and almost half of  all renewable electricity. It also supports hundreds of thousands of  good jobs across the country.   As a westerner, I know how important water is to our environment and  to our communities, and I am committed to advancing hydropower in a way  that both respects existing water rights and minimizes environmental  disruption.   Hydropower is often associated with large-scale projects like dams,  but I have been particularly interested in  [[Page H5937]]  smaller-scale projects attached to existing infrastructure, including  irrigation canals and municipal water supply systems.   As Mr. Rush noted, in 2013, I worked with Representative Cathy  McMorris Rodgers, another westerner, to pass the Hydropower Regulatory  Efficiency Act. That bill became law, and it established a process for  qualifying conduit hydropower facilities to move forward without  requiring a license from FERC.   A lot of people in western Colorado told me that this was one of the  most important bills that they had ever seen come out of Congress, only  demonstrating that all politics is local. Even though maybe it didn't  seem so important to some people here at the time, 83 hydropower  projects have been successfully promoted using the new process,  including 23 projects in Colorado. This progress is encouraging, but  there is even more we can do.   The Colorado government estimates that existing agricultural  irrigation conduits in our State could support an additional 30  megawatts of hydropower, and municipal water supply systems could  support another 20 to 25 megawatts. But to realize this potential, we  need to listen to the advice that the Energy and Commerce Committee has  heard on how to make the process as simple and flexible as possible.    We have heard testimony from FERC that the existing comment period is  rarely used for comments that have a bearing on determining whether the  project qualifies under the statute. In response, the bill we are  considering today would shorten the comment period from 45 to 30 days  to avoid unnecessary delays.   Second, FERC suggested lifting the megawatt cap on qualifying conduit  projects. The amount of energy demonstrated by a hydroelectric project  is not a good indication of its environmental impact. In fact, any  project built on existing conduit infrastructure will have little to no  environmental impact because it is using water that has already been  diverted from its natural course.   The bill would not change the requirement in existing law that the  project be built on a conduit that is primarily intended for non-power  generating uses, further limiting the potential for any environmental  impact.   Together, these two changes will open the door to more conduit  hydropower projects without compromising important environmental  protections.   Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to emphasize that bill shows what  Congress can accomplish when we work together in a bipartisan manner to  address our country's needs now and in the future. I urge everyone to  support it.   