 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose the nomination  of Ajit Pai to serve a second term as Chairman of the FCC.   Since taking over the FCC leadership in January, Chairman Pai wasted  no time moving the agency away from its key mission to promote the use  and deployment of communications in the public interest. For example,  he has been involved in dismantling the rules that preserve the  diversity of content in media ownership, potentially negatively  impacting forever the number and variety of voices in the media market.   In addition, his confirmation to this important position will also  have a negative impact on one of the most important issues, I believe,  of our time; that is, preserving net neutrality. A strong and open  internet is key to an economy of the future--to promoting an  environment for innovation and facilitating the creative jobs that are  going to come along with an open internet architecture.   Chairman Pai is poised to undo the bedrock principles that are  already in place to protect an open internet. Even in the face of  evidence that these rules are important to an internet economy and  millions of jobs, he is determined to try to rewrite them.   On Monday, the Senate will vote on whether to confirm Ajit Pai for  another term as Chairman of the FCC. As I have said, I think his  leadership has shown that on net neutrality, he believes the rules  should be changed. As long as he continues to hold that position, I  cannot support his nomination.   As the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, he has  demonstrated disdain for the important public interest principles he is  supposed to be upholding. He shows a disregard for the innovators in  America that are striving to build the economy of the future. The  public interest mission of the FCC is encoded in the agency's DNA. The  law that created the FCC clearly states that the agency's mission  includes promoting equal access to communications networks for all  people around the United States. This means the FCC has the  responsibility to promote the expansion of communications networks and  to ensure they have the incentive and ability to compete fairly with  one another in providing broadband services. The mission does not  include letting a big telecom company or cable company run over small  businesses or consumers and saying to them: Unless you pay me more, I  am not going to give you essential services. Imagine if that happened  to the telephone industry decades ago, if you couldn't get access  because someone had decided, ``I'm going to let the highest bidder rule  the roost.''   The President's nomination of Pai and his desire to have him continue  as Chair continues to show a desire to undermine the internet and the  internet economy. As soon as he was appointed, Chairman Pai announced  his intention, as Chairman, to go against the demands of American  consumers and reverse the rules that are already on the books to  protect consumers. Chairman Pai wants to make it possible for those big  telecom and cable companies to erect toll lanes that would further  burden the nature of the internet and innovation that its economy  supports. He plans to go against more than 10 million American  consumers and innovators who have told him to keep the internet open  and free.   Recent studies have shown that the internet economy is now over 7  percent of U.S. GDP, it employs 7 million people and is worth a  trillion dollars. Our strong, robust internet rules, without question,  have helped keep that economic growth. Our economy is in a massive  technological transformation. It is in an information age, and in an  information age, making sure you have an open internet is going to be  key to continuing to grow business.   Every business plan of every startup relies on the ability of  consumers to get equal access to content. Largely, as a result of the  innovations, the open internet has created hundreds of thousands of  tech jobs in the United States. The internet economy is almost a  trillion dollars, and at 7 percent of GDP, it is growing faster and  stronger than many other sectors, including construction, mining,  utilities, agriculture, education, and entertainment.   It is disturbing to me that Chairman Pai has made it clear he wants  to rewrite the rules that protect those businesses and create an  artificial fast and slow lane and ``if you want out of the slow lane,  you better pay me more money.'' We can't afford to do that for all the  internet applications and all the small businesses that are continuing  to work on growing our economy. We need to make sure that instead of  shedding jobs in the United States, as we did in the last economic  downturn, that we are creating jobs and creating power for consumers.   We have seen what has been termed the ``app economy,'' which consists  of everybody who makes money has a job thanks to a mobile app that was  also powered by the internet. Today, 1.7 million Americans have jobs  because of that economy. Nearly 92,000 of them are in the State of  Washington. Over the past 5 years, that app economy and those jobs have  grown at an annual rate of 30 percent. The average growth rate for all  other jobs is 1.6 percent. So, literally, Chairman Pai is trying to  clog the arteries of one of the fastest growing economic opportunities  in America.   By 2020, the app economy is estimated to grow to over $100 billion.  This demonstrates that the internet economy is a dynamic, supercharged,  job-creating engine, with economic growth that should not be  artificially slowed down because some industries believe they have the  right to do so.   These facts, and making sure we protect an open internet, are why we  should not support Chairman Pai.   The slow lanes and the fast lanes are not like a highway where a  consumer or business can take another route or plan another course.  Here, you are creating barriers that are wedges between businesses and  their consumers, between doctors and their patients, between industry  solution providers and the customers they are trying to serve.   The growth of the internet platform for economic activity is  something we do not want to see destroyed, and Chairman Pai's  dismantling of that robust internet architecture and the support it  gives to innovators is extremely troubling to me.   I think about all the internet applications that I have seen in my  State, whether it is a business like McKinstry that provides building  efficiencies to school districts all over our State and in Puget Sound.  Let's pretend now that McKinstry, which is trying to tell North Shore  School District that they are using too much power could reduce their  costs by just doing three simple things--but now, all of a sudden,  because the net neutrality rules go away, McKinstry has to charge that  school district more if they want to get that information to them on  time. A clogged artery will not get the information to that school  district when it is needed in time to make an adjustment.   Let's talk about a doctor in a rural area who receives information  about a patient who comes into their emergency room but wants a consult  with a doctor in Seattle, and all of a sudden, now their connectivity  is slowed down unless they pay more money.   I also think about this issue in the context of just some very  everyday ways we experience the impact of an open internet. Like people  going to get coffee. In my State, they will now preorder. They go  online, and then they show up to get their coffee--all so they can  avoid the long lines. But now, all of a sudden, if net neutrality goes  away, is that going to mean another charge or, an extra toll, just to  get consumers connected to the coffee shop so they can avoid a long  line? Are cable companies and internet service providers going to say  to the consumer: You have to pay more if you want a fast lane.   What Chairman Pai doesn't realize is that the internet is now a full- blown ecosystem with many attachments; that the internet is like the  artery system that connects it all and connects it in so many ways  beyond even our imagination. Yet he is proposing to clog those  arteries, to hold us ransom if only we will tell a cable company it is  OK to charge the American consumer more.  [[Page S6164]]    We cannot afford to ruin the internet economy by doing this. We need  to have an open internet architecture that allows everybody to access  this information at the same time and the same rate so that we can  continue to innovate.   There are ways to grow the internet and grow internet investment in  the delivery system. In fact, during the time period of the open  internet rules, we have seen just that--a continued investment. So we  do not now have to rewrite these rules. We do not now have to throw a  roadblock, a hurdle, a clogging of the arteries at the small business  and internet economy that is growing so rapidly with all its devices.   God forbid that one of our colleagues would be on the other side of  town and get a delayed message about when a vote started just because  we in the Senate hadn't bought a higher, faster speed lane, and maybe  they would miss a vote. It is hard to say what slowing down the  internet artificially would do because it is so connected to everything  we do today, and that is why we have to stop this from happening.   I would be happy to hear that Chairman Pai has decided to drop his  insistence on trying to change the rules of an open internet. If he did  that, I might think differently about his nomination. But until then I  will continue to fight for my State's economy, which depends so greatly  on net neutrality, and continue to fight for the millions of consumers  around the United States who are trying to grow what are smarter, more  intelligent, more cost-effective businesses.   Even the healthcare debate we just had is instructive on the issues  of net neutrality--I believe in home healthcare. I believe we can  implement it and drive down costs. But if you are telling a patient  that they might not get the information back from their doctor for days  because he can't afford a fast internet connection that the cable  companies are charging, then I guarantee my colleagues we are not going  to reduce our healthcare costs.   So, please, I say to my colleagues, you will not have another chance  at this. You will hear from your constituents about this issue, and you  will not be able to take back this vote. Please make sure you  understand that Chairman Pai is marching ahead on a very different  anti-consumer road, and because of that, I am not going to vote for  someone who is going to slow down and clog the internet.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on Chairman Pai's nomination.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   