 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I voted for this bill in committee because we have brave  servicemembers in harm's way that depend on it. But I want to make  clear that I don't believe we have done our job to address the  unbridled waste in this bill; billions of dollars, the sheer amount of  waste in this bill, billions upon billions of dollars. And even worse,  the bill, as currently written, sets us up to throw away billions more  for years to come.   I know it can be political suicide to take on defense contractors,  but we owe the taxpayers a level of accountability and discipline. It  is the same thing every single year, like the greatest hits of defense  waste: the littoral combat ship, a combat ship that can't even survive  combat, a ship on perpetual port call because it is always in need of  repair, a ship the Navy said it needs only one of.   But, apparently, the White House knows better, because they forced  the Navy to ask for another one. And even that wasn't enough, because  our committee decided to give them a third one. We are tripling the  number of ships the Navy said they need.   Now, how outrageous is that?   That is $500 million a pop. That is $1 billion more than the Navy  wanted.   The F-35, the President has trumpeted how he brought down the price  of this bloated program. But just a few days ago it was revealed that  the bill for this program is actually going to jump 7 percent. You  probably won't be seeing this on the President's Twitter feed, but the  Pentagon now says it needs another $63 billion for the program.   But instead of demanding accountability, this bill rewards Lockheed  and the Pentagon by committing the government to block buy F-35s  without the testing that is required.   Then there is the USS Ford, a brand-new class of carrier that is at  least 25 percent over budget right now. You would think that before  sending a crew of 4,300 out to sea in a $13 billion carrier with a host  of new mission-critical systems, we would want to ensure that the ship  can actually survive in combat conditions. But you would be wrong. This  bill actually eliminates the requirement for shock testing that  Congress itself imposed just a few years back.    Mr. Speaker, forgoing this testing could not only put our  sailors at unnecessary risk, but could also lead to expensive retrofits  for years to come. And for what?   This is not what Americans expect when they tell us they want a  strong defense. This is not what Americans expect of us in our  congressional oversight role. We are not doing our job if we don't do  oversight, if we don't say ``no'' to wasteful spending, and if we don't  say ``no'' to blank checks to defense contractors.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I am truly impressed by my colleague, Mr. Rooney, on any  number of issues. This is not one of them.   This is absurd. It is absolutely absurd. We have military academies  to train the next leaders of this country. We are not running a  training camp for the National Football League.   If you want to serve as a leader of the military, then you go to one  of the  [[Page H5798]]  military academies. If you decide you want to have a pro football  career, then pay back the $500,000 that the taxpayers of this country  have paid for each and every one of these students.   In the Rules Committee yesterday, Mr. Rooney listed three names of  examples of academy graduates continuing in professional sports after  graduation. All of the names he mentioned--Roger Staubach, David  Robinson, and Alejandro Villanueva--served on Active Duty for at least  2 years.   The model for how this should work is like Villanueva, who served his  5-year commitment, deployed three times to Afghanistan, received a  Bronze Star for valor, and then pursued a professional football career.    Mr. Chair, I will just say that going pro, as Mr. Rooney  has said, is not the goal of our military academies. If we are  concerned about morale because we want to make sure they can go out on  the football field and have great games against the Army and the Navy,  fine. If in the end you want to go pro, then pay back the money and go  pro. Otherwise, you are taking a very important slot from any number of  talented young men and women who want to be trained and then serve as  the leaders of our military.   