 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple and straightforward. It will  help ensure the SEC fulfills one of its core mission functions-- protecting investors.   As Members of Congress, we must never forget the lessons of the  financial crisis and the Great Recession. Americans lost $14 trillion,  suffering sharp declines in retirement savings, pension funds, and  overall wealth. This was due, in part, to being pushed into abstract  and sophisticated financial products and securities that they knew  little or nothing about.   I was here in 2008, Mr. Chairman. I listened to the people. I heard  their stories. Unfortunately, for many of them, the financial crisis  and the Great Recession caused deep and lasting harm. Many may never  recover.   I proudly supported the Dodd-Frank Act and believe the SEC has  implemented many regulations that will guard against another financial  crisis and help preserve the financial future of American families for  generations to come. For these reasons, I am concerned the regulatory  reviews required by the underlying bill do not properly account for  investor protection.   To that end, my amendment ensures the SEC does more than just  consider how a proposed regulation will impact businesses. It expressly  instructs the SEC to weigh the safeguards of investors when changing a  rule or regulation. My amendment instructs the SEC to continue focusing  on investor protection not only when drafting new rules but also when  reviewing existing regulations. Let me be clear: it is vitally  important that this language be included to ensure investors' needs do  not take a backseat to industry concerns.   We must never go back to the days leading up to the crisis, Mr.  Chairman. By simply instructing the SEC to take into account investor  protections when reviewing and considering new or existing regulations,  my amendment helps ensure the safeguards we put in place under the  Dodd-Frank Act are preserved. This will mean retirement savings and  household wealth are more secure, and we are not once again risking  deep and lasting harm to our economy and financial markets. For these  reasons, I urge the adoption of my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I want to thank the gentleman and Chairman Hensarling for working  with me on this important amendment. I urge Members to vote ``yes,''  which is a vote to protect average, ordinary American investors.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   