 Thank you, Mr. President.   To my great colleague and one of the nicest people here, Senator  Udall, who always leads with his brain, we know that his heart isn't  far behind, and he has been a tremendous leader, a tremendous advocate,  and a tremendous collaborator on this all-important issue.   I think first that we have to acknowledge how grateful and thankful  we are that the Republican bill, known as Graham-Cassidy, will not be  advanced this week. I don't think it is the last that we have heard of  it, but it is critically important that now we have time to talk about  the impacts and we have time to talk about why it is that we found this  bill so objectionable, and we have an opportunity to raise the issues  that may have been forgotten. I think one of those issues is the unique  challenges that Native American people have in receiving and affording  quality healthcare in America.   All of the Tribes in my State have a treaty right to healthcare. It  is kind of like when they say that, under the Affordable Care Act, you  have access to care, but if the care is low quality, if the care is  unavailable, if the care is not something you can afford or that will  actually provide the kinds of services that you need, it is really not  fulfillment of the treaty obligation.   One of the things we know is that many of the programs within the  Affordable Care Act have gone a long way toward meeting the Federal  Government's treaty responsibility to provide healthcare to Native  American people. We talk about how Graham-Cassidy would hurt seniors,  children with disabilities, individuals with preexisting conditions  like asthma or cancer, those receiving treatment for opioid abuse, and  many more. But too often in those statistics, which would encompass  many Native American people who unfortunately have high rates of  chronic conditions, the specific and unique needs of Native populations  are forgotten during debates in the Congress. It happened when  Republicans tried to pass their initial healthcare bill over the  summer, and it nearly happened again.   Here we are on the Senate floor to make sure that Native communities  are not left behind during these discussions in the future. We will be  watching to make sure that communities in our State, unique and  discreet, and, in fact, treaty Tribes, which are entitled to healthcare  by contract, by treaty with the U.S. Government--that their interests  are heard and that their voices are heard.   In July, when the Senate was discussing the last Republican  healthcare bill that would have taken healthcare away from North Dakota  families, I worked with Senator Udall, vice chairman of the Senate  Indian Affairs Committee, to hold a discussion on Tribal healthcare.  The purpose was to hear directly from Tribal leaders, including the  chairman of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians from North  Dakota, about how bad that bill would have been for Indian Country.   During that discussion in July, we lamented--those of us who are on  the committee, especially the minority members--that what happens in  the Indian Affairs Committee all too often stays in the Indian Affairs  Committee. What do I mean by that? I think the stories we hear and the  challenges we hear about Native people, which we respond to many times  with great empathy, are never taken out of that committee room. They  are never understood broadly by Senators in this Chamber. We vowed that  day that we are never going to leave those challenges in that committee  room. We are going to take those challenges to this forum and to this  floor. We want to share our concern about the lack of Tribal  consultation in the healthcare debates so far.   Unfortunately, the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill still does not  remotely or adequately protect Native people. Just look at the  opposition to the bill from the National Congress of American Indians,  the National Indian Health Board, and the National Council of Urban  Indian Health. This bill is just as bad as, if not worse than, the  previous bill. To push it through without adequate consultation in ways  that would fundamentally change our healthcare system is in no way  putting the healthcare needs of people first; it is putting politics  first. It is irresponsible and unconscionable.   Those of us on the Indian Affairs Committee know undoubtedly that the  Indian Health Service is severely underfunded and, some of us would  argue, inappropriately managed. It has been that way since I have been  here. We have experienced those challenges of lack of leadership, lack  of funding, and, really, an attitude that this is the way we have  always done it. It has resulted in very many of our institutions losing  their CMS certification. That is unacceptable.   The stories are unacceptable, but we also cannot just pin it on  Indian health. We have to recognize and understand that this is also a  funding problem. So it is essential that we find resources to fill  those gaps and enter the Affordable Care Act, where we not only have  traditional Medicaid eligibility, but we also have expanded Medicaid,  which now has given extra hope to Indian healthcare providers that this  resource can be made available without constantly having to beg for  additional resources for Indian health. So it is particularly because  of these severe challenges at the Indian Health Service that  traditional Medicaid, Medicaid expansion, and private health insurance  access have been critical for Indian Country, making sure Native  Americans can access quality, affordable care to keep them and their  families healthy.   Thanks to the increase of third-party payments, we are no longer  limited to life and limb care at Tribal and IHS facilities in the Great  Plains IHS service area. But the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill would  undo all of that progress. It would slash Medicaid expansion and cap  the Federal contributions to traditional Medicaid, pushing those  remaining costs onto States and counties that can ill afford it.   Medicaid expansion has significant impact on IHS services at Turtle  Mountain, increasing the funding and  [[Page S6117]]  resources available to its patient population by increasing healthcare  services, increasing Purchased/Referred Care, or PRC, services, and  increasing revenue generation.   Here are just some of the statistics that show how Turtle Mountain's  IHS hospital has been impacted by the Medicaid expansion: a 13-percent  decrease in uninsured patients; a 30-percent increase in Medicaid  coverage; a 13-percent increase in traditional Medicare coverage; a 57- percent increase in private insurance coverage; a 9-percent increase in  the number of individuals served; a 43-percent increase in revenue  generation, i.e., collections; and a 32-percent increase in Purchased/ Referred Care referrals. That may sound as if it is good for the  institution, but when it is good for the institution--the healthcare  provider--it is good for the families who get their services there.   Third-party billing revenue has also allowed the hospital to make  renovations to emergency rooms and clinics, purchase new medical  equipment, including neonatal monitors, recruit and hire additional  staff, including licensed professionals, increase staff training and  education, provide Wi-Fi throughout the hospital, and expand its all- important behavioral healthcare facility to serve more patients.    But the Republican healthcare bill would have eliminated these cost- sharing payments that make private health insurance affordable and  accessible to American Indian families and North Dakota Indian families  for the first time. All through the country you hear this over and over  again, in pockets of poverty in this country. For the first time in  people's lives, they have an insurance card, and that is a ticket to a  future. Without an insurance card, many times people are left behind.  This is an issue I have spoken about multiple times because it is so  important.   In North Dakota, the Republican bill would have caused an estimate of  almost 1,000 Native Americans to lose their cost-sharing reduction  payments. The Republican healthcare bill would also jeopardize all- important mental health services for Native youth and could remove a  trauma-informed approach to students' education. The Mandan, Hidatsa,  Arikara Nation from my State is working to set up a mental health pilot  program in their schools by next year in this partnership with Nexus  and PATH in North Dakota, which will bring social workers and a  satellite clinic to school campus. This pilot program will be paid for  by Medicaid.   The Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill would cut $5.5 billion from  traditional Medicaid in North Dakota by 2036, affecting 36,000 low- income--not people--but low-income children. The Tribe and the North  Dakota Department of Public Instruction are relying on those Medicaid  dollars to keep this mental health program possible, which will keep  kids in the classroom and in the communities while they are provided  services. Quite honestly, keeping children with their families is a  longstanding challenge, as we see the history of childhood trauma  beginning at the time of not only the westward movement of families,  like my ancestors, but the trauma that was experienced when children  were ripped out of their homes and taken to boarding schools--a trauma  from which many Native American communities have not yet recovered.   Sadly, this plan would take a significant step backward in healthcare  for all Americans and certainly fall short on our promises and our  treaty obligations to Native Americans. With so much at stake in our  healthcare system, it is critical that we take a thoughtful and  inclusive approach to healthcare--in fact, healthcare reform that  considers the needs of all Americans, including, in my case, the first  Americans, Native Americans.   Republicans need to work with Democrats. I was saddened when I heard  last night during the debate a discussion about how there isn't any  opportunity for bipartisanship. I, like 30 of my other colleagues,  attended meetings held by the HELP Committee before their hearings.  Think about this. Thirty U.S. Senators, at 8 in the morning, without a  mandate, with no obligation to be there, completely voluntary, came  together during three mornings to talk about how we can work together  as a bipartisan group on healthcare. So when people say it is not  happening, it clearly is happening. It is happening, and we can, in  fact, get to yes on many of the challenges that we have in healthcare.  But we can't get to a lasting system if it is something that is done in  a back room in the dead of night without consultation, not just with  other Members of this body but without consultation for groups like  Native American Tribes and Native American people.   Over the past 4\1/2\ years, I have offered reasonable reforms that  should be bipartisan to make the current healthcare system work better  for Dakotans and better for those citizens and my constituents in  Indian Country. Over the past few months and years, I have met with a  group of Republican and Democratic Senators to talk about reasonable  reforms that would make healthcare work better if we just focus for a  minute on what unites us and what we can do if we just set aside  partisanship, if we simply believe that we can, in fact, bury partisan  hatchets and begin the work of working together.   I want to mention one last discussion item. Many times, when you hear  people talk about treaty obligations for healthcare or education, it is  usually people on this side of the aisle who are talking about Tribal  sovereignty, Tribal treaty rights. Well, I was gladdened to hear my  colleague from South Dakota talk about a treaty right that Tribes in  his State have to healthcare. The solution there was to ask the Federal  Government--if, in fact, the citizen of that State were Native American  enrolled--to say that really is a Federal treaty right. So the Federal  Government should pay 100 percent of that, even though your State match  would be 50-50. That makes sense. I can buy that. But do you know what?  That does nothing to expand healthcare to Native people--nothing. What  that does is say that 50 percent that you are currently paying is  because these are citizens of your State, not some kind of  nonresidents. These are residents of your State, citizens of your  State, whom you pay that additional 50 percent for. If the argument had  been that we are going to take that additional 50 percent, the Federal  Government is going to pay it, and we are going to augment what we do  in healthcare for this population, then we are actually getting  somewhere. Then we are actually accomplishing something for Native  American people and Native American children.   I want you to understand that this is a population that suffers  diabetes at record rates--hypertension, behavioral and mental health,  including serious addictions, with record and epidemic suicides among  young people all through Indian Country, record and epic amounts of  opioid and meth addiction, children being born addicted.   We need interventions now. We do not need to see a reduction in  support to healthcare--both behavioral and mental healthcare--right  now, at this time. It is a crisis, and we need to do everything we can  to consult with the Tribes, to consult with Indian healthcare leaders,  to consult with the people who do this work for a living, and fashion a  system that will expand and grow access to healthcare. It is critically  important.   Make no mistake, these are the first Americans, and way too often,  the ``asterisk Americans.'' What do I mean by that? They are not large  enough to have a demographic category, so their challenges are not  tracked, whether it is human trafficking, whether it is addiction. If  we do not begin to focus on this, we will fail in our treaty  obligations.   The United States of America signed a treaty with Indian people.  Let's keep our word. Let's work together. Let's work in collaboration  with many of the people in my State who are struggling to make ends  meet. Let's not reduce services and resources. Let's not take a step  backward.   Thank you.   I yield the floor back to the Senator from New Mexico.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   