 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I ask  unanimous consent to make brief remarks and engage in a colloquy with  the chairman and ranking member.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I ask  unanimous consent to make brief remarks and engage in a colloquy with  the chairman and ranking member.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I ask  unanimous consent to make brief remarks and engage in a colloquy with  the chairman and ranking member.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I ask  unanimous consent to make brief remarks and engage in a colloquy with  the chairman and ranking member.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I have filed Baldwin amendment No. 329.  This deals with the subject matter of ``Buy American'' in the National  Defense Authorization Act.   I have long been a strong supporter of our manufacturing sector, of  our national security, and I believe this amendment strongly supports  both.   All week we have been going back and forth about whether we are going  to vote on amendments to this measure. The Senate is supposed to be an  institution where we can debate and bring our ideas forward, represent  our States, represent the hard workers of this Nation, and I reserve  the right to object to this unanimous consent request because I am  frustrated, on behalf of those I represent, that we are not going to  see a vote on this ``Buy American'' amendment.   I would additionally note the unique status we have--actually, in  this case, a Statement of Administration Policy indicating strong  support for the amendment that I have filed. To me, the ultimate test  will be what is in the final bill that is signed into law. I am going  to continue to push on, but I am, again, disappointed that this Senate  is not operating in a fashion where we can offer amendments, debate  those amendments, and have votes on those amendments.   I wish to yield to both the chairman and ranking member, as we have  had discussions on this subject matter during these negotiations.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arizona.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Wisconsin. I  thank her for her agreement that we should move forward with this  important legislation, and I am very proud of the way this legislation  has proceeded before the Senate most of the way. But now I am not very  proud because we are now not allowing Senators to have a vote.   I do not agree with the amendment from the Senator from Wisconsin,  but I strongly believe she should have the right to have her amendment  considered, debated, and voted on.   I am very proud of the fact that we have approved and agreed to 103  amendments. We still have three or four amendments that have caused us  to be where we are today. It will be a conference item, the amendment  of the Senator from Wisconsin, and although I do not agree with it, I  will certainly make sure that it is part of the conference.   But I want to remind my colleagues again that one of the reasons we  had 107 votes for and 0 against is that we went through a process of  days, weeks, and months of hearings, study, debate, discussion, and  bringing it to the floor. That is the way the Senate should work.   I thank the Senator from Wisconsin, and I want to tell her and the  Senator from New York, Mrs. Gillibrand, that I will continue to do  everything I can to make sure they are given the rights that they  earned by being elected in the States they represent.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.    Mr. President, I had reserved the right to object, but I  will not object to proceeding to the vote to move the NDAA forward. I  would note that this amendment is germane  [[Page S5732]]  postcloture, and I still would like to see the Senate operate in a  manner where Senators can bring forth their amendments, can debate  them, and can get votes.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the Senator's request?   Without objection, it is so ordered.   There are now 10 minutes of debate, equally divided.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I have no further use of the time.   