 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak  about the vote we will have at 5:30 p.m., but I want to give my  condolences to those who have been impacted by the horrific shooting in  Las Vegas and to the families and the victims of this horrible  incident. I want them to know that our thoughts and prayers are with  them as the whole Nation turns to this situation.   My thoughts and prayers also go out to at least one Washington family  who was impacted and was at this event. We may find out that there are  others. We are thinking and praying deeply for their recovery, and I  hope everybody will take the time to say some thoughts and prayers for  those who have been impacted by this incident.   Madam President, I come to the floor to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Ajit Pai to have a second term as the Chairman of the  FCC. The reason why we are speaking about this vote that will happen in  a short period of time is because we are concerned about the future of  innovation, the future of where consumers play in the decision making  of how they access content, and the future of our economy.   What I am worried about is that, in the short period of time that  Chairman Pai has been at the FCC, instead of the policies that would  have enabled consumers, he has taken actions that, I think, will have  consumers paying more for less access and with which media  concentration will be more enabled and plans to protect net neutrality  in an open internet will be reversed.   This, in and of itself, is the biggest issue that I and the economy  of Washington State could possibly see with this renomination; that is  to say, the State of Washington and the internet and innovation that  exists there could be greatly impacted by the rolling back of  protections that we have now, which say that you cannot artificially  throttle or slow down internet activity and hold consumers hostage to  paying more.   The mission of the FCC is to promote the use and deployment of  communications in the public interest, and it is the job of the  Chairman to make sure that mission is carried out. Undoing the existing  net neutrality laws on the books, I do not think, is in the public  interest, and it will not promote the access we need. Dismantling this  rule that would preserve the diversity of content will negatively  impact our marketplace for a long time.   When we think about some of the issues that we have already seen and  what we could see in the future, more consumers will have to pay a toll  to use the internet. What we will see is that, if you want to get in  the fast lane or if you want to have rapid access, you have to pay  more.   Today consumers are using mobile apps to preorder coffee, to get  access to healthcare information, and to make sure that we protect  ourselves from attacks on everything, from our electricity grid to  people's homes and security systems. I am very worried that, if the  internet's arteries are officially slowed down or clogged, critical  information could arrive too late to help protect consumers.   We are living in a world where people are seeing things happen then  using their smart phones to collect and share information that can keep  all of us safe. So this is another reason why we want to make sure that  consumers can get access to and share information and are not slowed  down or throttled in any way.   When we think about this and the app economy that exists in  Washington State, these are the fastest growing businesses. It is part  of a large organization, where, today, 1.7 million Americans' jobs are  because of these apps, and nearly 92,000 of them are in the State of  Washington. They have grown at an annual rate of 30 percent. The  average growth rate for all other jobs is 1.6 percent. Why would we  confirm someone who has already pledged to roll back the rules of an  open internet, which basically will create throttling and slowing down  of content that will hurt the app economy and small businesses?   Nobody wants to develop a new application that connects consumers-- whether it is in healthcare or protecting people in cyber or education  or, for that matter, even the Senate--if they are going to have to pay  a toll to get faster access to information or to get faster access to  their customers.   Dismantling net neutrality puts our economy in jeopardy. While I know  some would say that it is necessary for investment, I would say that  instead what we have seen in the last several years, while the open  internet rules have been in place, is the type of increased investment  in the internet infrastructure that is needed to support its growing  importance.   I do not agree with my colleagues who think this reversing the open  internet rules is necessary to grow our investments. That's just what  the large cable companies tell you they need so that they can build  fast and slow lanes and charge consumers more if they want access to  those fast lanes.   I encourage my colleagues to vote no on Ajit Pai for a second term as  FCC Commissioner. Let's get focused on making sure we protect an open  internet.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The Senator from Massachusetts.   