 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to strongly support the passage of S. 1536, the  Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act. This  bipartisan, bicameral bill is an important step in combating the  terrible crime of human trafficking.   The Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act will help  stem the tide of trafficking by providing training to commercial truck  drivers through the Department of Transportation to recognize and  report trafficking, further empowering them to prevent this horrendous  crime.   Specifically, this bill designates a human trafficking prevention  coordinator at the U.S. Department of Transportation and increases  outreach, education, and reporting efforts at the Federal Motor Carrier  Safety Administration.   Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is an appalling and inhumane crime,  and it is occurring in communities all over my home State of  Connecticut and throughout the entire United States. As I learned when  a human trafficking ring was broken up in my small hometown, anyone can  become a victim of this crime regardless of race, age, gender, or  socioeconomic status.   This appalling crime takes many forms, the vast majority of which are  sexually exploitative in nature. Shockingly, the average age a teen  enters the sex trade in the United States is 12 to 14 years old, and  many victims are runaway girls who were sexually abused as children.   Truckers and commercial drivers are often the first line of defense  against human trafficking in the United States. Their eyes and ears are  on the roads, where victims are being moved across borders and from  city to city.   The Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act is  supported by Truckers Against Trafficking, the National District  Attorneys Association, the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance, the  Owner Operator Independent Drivers Association, and ECPAT-USA.   I am proud to be the coauthor of the House companion to the No Human  Trafficking on Our Roads Act along with my friend, John Katko of New  York.    I am also pleased that we will be voting today on another bill that  Congressman Katko and I coauthored, the No Human Trafficking on Our  Roads Act.   Both bills were originally introduced in the Senate by Senators  Klobuchar and Thune and passed unanimously. Both bills were also passed  unanimously out of the House Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my friends and colleagues to join me in voting  ``yes''  [[Page H10220]]  on the Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act and the  No Human Trafficking on Our Roads Act today so we can send these very  important pieces of legislation to the President's desk for his swift  signature.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my Republican and Democratic  colleagues both in the House and the Senate for their work on these two  important bills.   