 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of my  bill, H.R. 423, the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2017.   I am honored to have authored this bill with Congressman Barton and  Congressman Lance once again, and I thank Amy Murphy and Ryan Farrell  of their respective staffs for working so closely with mine. I also  thank the COMET Civic Association from my district for first bringing  this problem to my attention.   This legislation seeks to combat spoofing, which is when phone call  recipients are tricked into answering the phone due to inaccurate  caller ID information. Criminals have used this technique to scam  thousands of Americans and steal millions of dollars. Recent spoofing  attempts have included scam artists pretending to be sheriff's offices,  hospitals, and even the IRS. The bill before us this afternoon expands  spoofing protections to calls that originate outside of the country as  well as text messages.   It is often stated that a measure of a society is how it treats its  most vulnerable. Almost every day, I receive new reports of spoofing  that harm the most vulnerable in my district, including immigrants,  seniors, veterans, and those in need of help from law enforcement. That  is why this legislation is endorsed by senior citizens, law  enforcement, and consumer protection groups.   The Anti-Spoofing Act of 2017 is a bipartisan bill. It passed the  House in both the 113th and 114th Congresses under suspension of the  rules, and it is my sincere hope that this bill will continue to be  noncontroversial and that we will do everything in our power to combat  telephone scams against our constituents.   In closing, I thank Representatives Blackburn and Doyle for their  support this afternoon, as well as Energy and Commerce Chairman Walden  and Ranking Member Pallone. Without their support, this legislation  would not be on the floor.   I urge the Senate to quickly take up this legislation.   I urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to support it once again.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any  other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.   