 Madam President, I call up amendment No. 1141, as  provided under the previous order.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  reading of the amendment be dispensed with.    Madam President, this amendment simply raises a point  of order on any legislation that modifies or eliminates State and local  tax deductions. I know there are many States that have tax deductions  from their Federal obligations on property, but I am specifically  talking about States like Washington, Wyoming, Nevada, South Dakota,  Alaska, Florida, Texas, and Tennessee.   We have had the ability to itemize and deduct our sales tax from our  Federal income tax. That has resulted in a savings to the taxpayers.  Under the President's proposal of increasing the standard deduction,  even for households between $50,000 and $70,000, if you repeal their  ability to continue to itemize, even with the standard deduction, you  are raising taxes on them. It will not be covered. The standard  deduction is only $12,000. For that bracket in my State, they are  deducting up to $23,000.   Please do not raise taxes on our constituents without a due process  and a budget point of order that says that we are all going to be a  part of this process and discussion before you take away a way for our  citizens to save money.   I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.  [[Page S6604]]     Madam President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of  that act for the purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the  yeas and nays.    Mr. President, there is wide support for PILT from both  Democrats and Republicans, as witnessed by this last vote. What we need  to do now is to make sure that it works fairly for counties and is not  done arbitrarily.   The CRS found that taking the approach in Senator Lee's amendment  would break the PILT Program. Not only would calculating each county's  payments be nearly impossible, the program would not be fair. In fact,  the CRS cited a 2010 study that found that the approach in Senator  Lee's amendment would result in two-thirds of all of the counties that  receive PILT funding receiving lower payments than they do now.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.    Mr. President, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is  one of the most pristine areas of the United States, and we have been  protecting it for decades for a reason. The notion that tonight, after  60-plus years, we would give up what is a biologically important area,  that is a critical habitat for polar bears, a breeding ground for  caribou, migratory birds, and over 200 species--for what? For oil that  we don't need.   We have had record oil production in the last 10 years--a 77-percent  increase. The oil that we would get, we wouldn't get until 10 years  from now, and it would supply oil for only 1 year in the United States.  It is not worth it.   As Representative Mo Udall said in 1980: ``If we have to drill at the  White House or Arlington Cemetery or the Capitol grounds for oil, we  might have to drill in the Arctic Refuge. But let us go there last.''   We don't need this oil. We have plenty of supply. The Interior  Secretary is trying to open a billion acres, including on-shore and  outer continental shelf waters. Vote no and protect a unique special  place that has been protected for 60 years.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   