 Mr. President, Senate Republicans are about 24 hours away  from passing a bill that would make middle-class families in this  country pay more taxes so big corporations and millionaires can pay  less.   A bill like that would never really make sense, but it really, really  doesn't make sense right now. Since 1980, corporate profits have shot  through the roof, while wages for working people have remained pretty  much the same. With corporate profits up and family incomes flat, who  is paying the cost of running the government? Thanks to Congress, over  the past 50 years, corporations have gone from picking up about 25  percent of what it costs to run the government to picking up about 9  percent or, to say it another way, hard-working families now pick up a  much bigger share of the cost of running our government.   I don't care whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, this just  isn't fair. Corporations are wallowing in profits while hard-pressed  families are picking up the bill for our military, for our government  agencies, for homeland  [[Page S7502]]  security, for our infrastructure, and for everything else we have to  pitch in to pay for.   Here comes the Republican tax bill, which would make a bad situation  worse. The Republican tax bill would slash taxes on corporations even  further and raise taxes on millions of working families. It is hard to  comprehend how deeply unfair that is. A survey released last May by the  Federal Reserve found that 44 percent of American families--just a bit  under a half--don't have enough slack in their budget to cover a $400  emergency expense. If the transmission blows up or if a kid gets sick  or the fridge stops working, these families are just plain out of luck.  These are the same families whom the Republicans have targeted to pay  more in taxes under the Republican plan.   In trying to sell a bill that is deeply unfair, Republicans have  landed on a tried-and-true strategy--just lie about it.   The first big lie is that the plan will supercharge economic growth.  Spoiler alert: It will not. We have seen this movie before, and we know  how it ends. There is not one single credible projection that says this  plan will have any meaningful impact on the growth of the American  economy. One group of economists after another has looked at this bill  and said it will not do a darn thing to help the economy grow.   Even Wall Street banks--which stand to pocket billions of dollars in  tax giveaways from this bill--have grudgingly had to admit the bill  will not lead to any growth. Barclays Bank said: ``A permanent boost to  growth remains unlikely.'' Goldman Sachs said: ``We find a boost to GDP  growth of 0.1-0.2 [percentage points] in 2018-2019 and smaller amounts  in subsequent years.''   The second big lie is that if we just give corporations more money,  they will surely do us the favor of raising wages or creating more  jobs. We have seen that movie before too. Over the last 30 years,  corporate profits have exploded, and companies have not trickled down  those profits to workers. They didn't do it before, and they will not  do it after the Republicans give away even more money to these giant  corporations.   You don't have to take my word for it. The top executives at the  companies have already admitted as much. Bank of America and Merrill  Lynch surveyed 300 CEOs about what they would do with their tax  giveaways. What are they going to do with those tax giveaways? The top  three responses: pay down debt, buy back stock, and fund new mergers.  In other words, something for the banks, something for wealthy  investors, and nothing for workers.   The third big lie is that the plan will not increase the national  debt. That is just plain false. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office says this bill will tack on $1.4 trillion to the debt in the  next 10 years, and we all know what comes next. The same Republican  Senators who will vote for this trillion-dollar budget buster tomorrow  will turn around next week and say our national debt is just too high,  and we need to cut Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, education  funding, affordable housing, and you name it. In fact, the Republican  budget they passed last month tees up more than $1 trillion in cuts to  those very programs.   This bill raises taxes on millions of middle-class families, and it  doesn't create any real economic growth. It doesn't create any real job  growth, and it explodes the national debt. So this bill clearly is not  about helping working families.   You really have to stop and ask the question, What is it about? The  answer is simple. This is about Republican Senators paying off the rich  corporate donors that helped get them elected. It is about the way that  money has corrupted Washington. It is about wealthy donors investing a  few million dollars in political contributions to secure billions of  dollars in tax giveaways.   Here is what one of my Republican colleagues said recently: If we  don't pass a tax bill, ``financial contributions will stop.'' A  Republican Member of the House was even more blunt. He said on the  record that his donors told him to pass this tax bill or ``don't ever  call them again.'' In other words, Republicans have said to each other  they need to pass a tax giveaway to give their donors money in order to  get reelected. This is a smash-and-grab job.   The Republicans are looting the U.S. Treasury so their donors will  keep funding their reelection campaigns. They don't even try to hide  the corruption, and they don't worry about how many middle-class  families get hurt in the caper. My take on this is pretty simple: I  don't think a single middle-class family in this country should pay  more in taxes so big corporations and millionaires can pay less. I  think big corporations should pay more--not less--so we can cut taxes  on working families and small businesses, so we can make investments in  fixing our roads and our bridges and our power grid, so we can help  young people reduce their student loan debt.   This is about basic fairness. We can build an America where every kid  has a shot at success, where every family has some measure of economic  security, where every senior has enough savings to retire with dignity.  We can do that, and we can start by defeating this Republican tax  giveaway.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   