 Mr. President, on May 1, 1917, the International  Association of Rotary Clubs welcomed a new member into its growing  global network of neighbors, friends, and leaders working together for  positive change in their communities and around the world. I rise today  to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Rotary Club of Lewiston- Auburn in my home State of Maine.   There are more than 35,000 Rotary Clubs worldwide. The Lewiston- Auburn club was the 291st to be chartered and is part of the first  great wave of expansion that took the Rotary movement from major  American cities to smaller communities and to Canada and Europe.   It is remarkable that what began as a small group of civic leaders in  Chicago in 1905 has grown to a service organization of 1.2 million  dedicated members in more than 200 countries and territories around the  world. In any language, Rotarians live up to their motto of ``Service  Above Self.''   Rotary International is a powerful force for good around the world.  The global effort to eradicate polio is considered to be the most  successful public health campaign in human history, one that would not  be possible without Rotary's commitment. When Rotary launched its  PolioPlus program back in 1985, it was described as a ``gift from the  20th century to the 21st.'' It has been just that.   In addition to its strong support for PolioPlus, the Lewiston-Auburn  Club is part of a Rotary International effort to make affordable and  safe water more widely available in Haiti. As a result of this effort,  a tanker truck was purchased to address this great humanitarian need.   Locally, the Lewiston-Auburn Rotary Club has a special focus on  families and children. The club has been a leader in the creation of  Lewiston's Universally Accessible Playground, which will provide  recreation for all, regardless of physical or developmental  limitations. The club also sponsors an annual event to benefit the  Autism Society of Maine and awards scholarships to area high-school  graduates pursuing higher education.   ``Service Above Self'' has a special meaning to the members of the  Lewiston-Auburn Rotary. The application for membership in Rotary  International was signed on March, 21, 1917, by Frank W. Hulett of  Lewiston. On June 6, 1918, Captain Hulett gave his life in the defense  of freedom during the World War I Battle of Belleau Wood in France.  Hulett Square in Lewiston, the Frank W. Hulett VFW Post, and the  Lewiston-Auburn Rotary Club all help to preserve the memory of this  great hero.   When Paul Harris led the way in founding Rotary International 112  years ago, he said this: ``Whatever Rotary may mean to us, to the world  it will be known by the results it achieves.'' The results are  inspiring and the world is grateful. The Rotary Club of Lewiston- Auburn, ME, is part of that effort, and I congratulate its members for  this accomplishments and contributions.   