 Mr. President, our economy is in trouble. In markets all  across our economy, a few giant corporations hold all the power. It is  everywhere. Four airlines control over 80 percent of all domestic  airline seats in America. Five health insurance giants own over 80  percent of the health insurance market. Four companies dominate over 80  percent of the beef market. Three drugstore chains control almost all  retail pharmacies in the country. Two companies sell more than 70  percent of the beer in America.   As competition has been snuffed out in industry after industry, big  corporations have made out like bandits, and everyone else has paid the  price. How do we pay? American families shell out more for lower  quality goods. Small businesses find it harder and harder to compete  against the big guys. Innovators and entrepreneurs struggle to promote  new ideas that can change the world. Income inequality has left more  American families struggling to make ends meet as the top 1 percent has  grown even richer and richer. As fewer companies have seized more  economic power, they have translated their economic muscle into  political power--power they can use to elect the politicians they like,  get the kinds of laws and policies they like, and run up even more  economic power.   It is a nasty, self-perpetuating cycle, and it is exactly why  Congress created antitrust laws over a century ago. Back then, like  today, a few powerful companies were stifling competition in markets  all across the economy and gaining extraordinary political power.  Congress decided to create laws to break up trusts and protect  competition.   Today the Justice Department's Antitrust Division is charged with  protecting competition by blocking anti-competitive mergers and going  after companies that engage in illegal conduct. For decades, though,  antitrust enforcers have put their tools on the shelf instead of  aggressively enforcing our antitrust laws, they have given the green  light to megamerger after megamerger and allowed big corporations to  misuse this power without a peep.   That problem is set to get worse in the Trump administration. Since  taking office, President Trump has loaded his administration with a  Who's Who of former lobbyists, Wall Street insiders, and corporate  executives committed to tilting the scales even further in favor of his  powerful friends and against American families.   Now, President Trump has nominated someone to head the Justice  Department's Antitrust Division. His nominee, Makan Delrahim, will be  in charge of determining whether there is someone to stand up for  competition or let the big guys just get bigger and more powerful.  Unfortunately, Mr. Delrahim's approach to antitrust enforcement is  based on a hands-off economic theory that just leaves big corporations  to do pretty much whatever they want to do. Case in point, just last  year, when asked what he thought about the proposed merger of AT&T-Time  Warner--a merger that would combine two of the most powerful companies  in media--Mr. Delrahim said he didn't think it was a ``major antitrust  problem.''   Mr. Delrahim spent over a decade working to convince government  officials that other megamergers weren't antitrust problems. During the  airline merger wave that left us with only four major carriers, Mr.  Delrahim was lobbying the government to approve a merger between US  Airways and Delta. Despite the fact that there are only a few large  retail pharmacies, he lobbied to get government approval for CVS's  proposed takeover of Caremark. Even though only five health insurers  control the vast majority of the health insurance market, he tried to  convince government regulators to approve Anthem's unsuccessful attempt  to merge with Cigna.   Now he wants to take a spin through the revolving door and regulate  the industries he worked to make even less competitive. For the giant  corporations, wealthy individuals who want to amass more power and  profits for themselves, Mr. Delrahim is a dream candidate, but he is  also a dream candidate for President Trump. President Trump has not  been shy about his willingness to use his power against individuals or  companies he doesn't like, and he has made it clear that he expects his  agency heads to carry out his orders.   Mr. Delrahim has been a loyal supporter of President Trump's since  the campaign. He urged fellow Republicans to support President Trump  because he correctly believed President Trump would appoint a pro- corporate Justice to the Supreme Court. He also served as legal counsel  to President Trump after he was sworn in and as the President reversed  rules that made it easier for families to pay their mortgages or  reversed rules to prevent people with serious mental illnesses from  buying guns or reversed rules to stop companies from dumping toxic  waste into water. As head of the Antitrust Division, Mr. Delrahim will  be in a position to make even more harmful decisions.   It is no secret that Americans don't trust Washington. They see  politicians who care more about catering to corporate donors than  fighting for the interests of hard-working people who are trying to  figure out how to pay the bills and build a little security in their  own lives. It is a real problem, but it is a problem we can solve. We  can begin to solve it by fighting the economic concentration that is  putting more money and more power into the hands of a few giant  corporations. That means choosing enforcers who will hold companies  accountable when they break the rules, and that means rejecting  nominees like Makan Delrahim.   