 Mr. Speaker, I rise to comment on this continuing  resolution and on the past year of this Congress.   The biggest economic challenge of our time is that people are in jobs  that do not pay them enough to live on. Wages are not keeping up with  rising costs for healthcare, childcare, and housing. Too many families  struggle to make ends meet, let alone put money in a college fund or go  on vacation. That is what we should be focused on. We ought to be  creating jobs and raising wages.   Yet, for the first 9 months of this year, this Congress attempted  again and again to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which would have  raised premiums and deductibles, thrown millions off insurance, and  made healthcare unaffordable.   Then we spent our entire fall on the Republican tax scam. Big  corporations, millionaires, billionaires write the rules to make this  government work for them, and Republicans are their comrades-in-arms in  rigging the game against the middle class.   Just a few days ago, Senator Orrin Hatch said: ``I have a rough time  wanting to spend billions and billions and trillions of dollars to help  people who won't help themselves, won't lift a finger, and expect the  Federal Government to do everything.''   Get out of the Senate Chamber. Understand what people's lives are  about today. Walk in their shoes and understand their struggles.   But this is the ugly truth of the Republican tax bill. This is what  the vote was about. These are their values on display.  [[Page H9735]]    This tax scam is going to raise the deficit, and the Republicans will  use it as an excuse to cut vital social safety net programs: Medicare,  Medicaid, Social Security, LIHEAP, TANF, education programs, SNAP, food  stamps.   Right now, funding is insufficient to provide childcare assistance to  all who are eligible; yet, if we pass this tax bill, we will be under  intense pressure to cut this assistance. That is what they want to do.  This is wrong.   Now we are punting one of our core obligations as a Congress: funding  our government programs.   This is unacceptable. It is a disturbing pattern and it is  unsustainable. We should be negotiating spending levels for 2018.   The majority can never again speak about regular order. This year has  been one partisan attempt after another to harm working class and  middle class Americans so that they could fulfill their campaign  promises.    We have no budget agreement. We have no resolve on the Children's  Health Insurance Program. We have no resolve on a myriad of programs  that people rely on to live their lives every day. There is no resolve  on the DREAMers.   Why would we need another 2 weeks when they have had all this time to  work on these issues?   The American people deserve better. I say: Shame on this Congress,  and vote ``no'' on this continuing resolution extension.   