 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to  H.R. 1181, the ``so-called'' Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act.   Mr. Speaker, twenty veterans a day tragically take their own lives.   Just ONE veteran taking his or her own life is one too many.   But twenty every day is an epidemic. It is unconscionable, and  unacceptable.   With two-thirds of veteran suicides being carried out with firearms,  this bill practically pulls the trigger for veterans at risk.   H.R. 1181 threatens the safety of our nation's veterans and  potentially others; by providing those veterans suffering from mental  illness with greater ease in obtaining a firearm.   The National Instant Criminal Background Check System is a critical  tool in stopping those who want to do harm to themselves or others.   If passed, this bill would dangerously alter the protocols for  including a veteran in the database when he or she has been assigned a  fiduciary.   In addition, over one hundred-seventy thousand mentally ill veterans  would be removed from the National Instant Criminal Background Check  System.   Instead of wasting time and energy on senseless budget cuts and  harmful bills like H.R. 1181, this Congress should be focused on  strengthening protocols so that no veteran struggling with mental  illness ever falls through the cracks.   Just two months ago, a veteran, Esteban Santiago, suffering from  mental illness fell through the cracks and killed five people at my  home airport in Fort Lauderdale.   The current protocols failed him. We failed him and we should be  doing all that we can to make the system strong for those suffering-- not making the situation worse, as this bill does.   This bill does a grave disservice to those men and women who have  served us valiantly.   Moreover, it is opposed by military leaders including General Stanley  McChrystal and General David Petraeus, who led our troops in Iraq and  Afghanistan.   It is our obligation to ensure every veteran has the physical and  mental health care they both deserve and need, We owe them better than  this. Instead, this bill prioritizes putting firearms in the hands of  mentally ill veterans who are already at serious risk.   