 Mr. President, for months the American people have been  gripped by the sideshow surrounding President Trump. It seems like  every day another shoe drops on the Russia investigation, another White  House staffer is fired, and President Trump tweets something that  upends the government and causes our allies to move even further away  from us.   Despite all of this commotion, all of the drama, and all of the  disorganization, there is one thing that Trump and the Republicans in  Congress have carried out since day one with complete precision. They  have carried out a comprehensive all-out assault on American workers.  Day by day, week by week, month by month, President Trump and  congressional Republicans have acted to undermine the safety and  economic security of hardworking Americans.   Just observe what they have done. On December 8, President Trump  nominated Andrew Puzder, who was then CEO of fast food giants Hardee's  and Carl's Jr., to lead the Department of Labor. That is right. His  first major announcement affecting workers was to nominate a man who  made his fortune on the backs of hard-working Americans to the top  position in government charged with protecting American workers.   On February 1, just days after he was inaugurated, President Trump  delayed a rule protecting workers from workplace exposure to a lethal  cancer-causing substance called beryllium. On February 3, President  Trump stood with big bank CEOs to announce an Executive order to make  it easier for investment advisers to cheat hard-working Americans out  of $17 billion a year in retirement savings. On March 1, the Trump  administration delayed the rule protecting workers from lethal cancer- causing beryllium a second time. On March 6, congressional Republicans  followed the directive of big business lobbyists and voted to make it  easier for government contractors to steal wages from their employees.  On March 16, President Trump released his budget blueprint, proposing  to slash funding for the Labor Department, whose job is to stand for  American workers, by 21 percent. On March 22, congressional Republicans  voted to make it easier for employers to hide injuries and deaths that  their workers suffer on the job. On March 24, the Trump administration  delayed a rule that required mine operators to conduct safety  inspections and tell miners about any hazardous conditions they  discovered before the workers go into the mines. On March 30,  congressional Republicans voted to block cities from offering  retirement accounts to more than 2 million employees who don't have  access to a retirement account at work. On April 4, President Trump  delayed the rule preventing investment advisers from cheating hard- working Americans out of their retirement savings. This 60-day delay  alone cost Americans an estimated $3.7 billion. On April 6, the Trump  administration delayed a rule protecting construction workers from  deadly silica poisonings. On May 3, Republicans in Congress voted to  keep State governments from offering retirement accounts to employees  who don't have access to accounts at work, yanking access away from 15  million Americans. On May 23, President Trump called for massive budget  cuts to the Department of Labor, including the complete elimination of  workers' safety training programs, programs for older workers, and  funding for workers with disabilities. And on June 23, President Trump  proposed exempting the construction and shipbuilding industries from  the rule to protect workers from lethal cancer-causing beryllium, a  move that could prove fatal to workers in these industries.   That is a pretty despicable record--despicable but consistent.  Workers get slammed over and over. Today, Senator McConnell has brought  us down to the floor to sock it to American workers one more time  before he sends us home for summer recess. Today, we are voting on the  nomination of Marvin Kaplan to serve on the National Labor Relations  Board.   Pause here for just a second. The NLRB is probably the most important  independent Federal agency that you have never heard of. They are  responsible for protecting the legal rights of workers to come together  and bargain with their bosses for higher wages and better working  conditions.   Starting a union is not easy. Large employers fight union organizing  campaigns tooth and nail. They hire armies of union-busting lawyers to  run smear campaigns against the unions or to delay or kill organizing  efforts.   That is why the NLRB is so very important--to serve as a referee that  ensures employers play by the rules and workers get a chance to  exercise their legal rights. It is the NLRB's job to stand up for  workers--workers like the nearly 4,000 workers at the Nissan plant in  Canton, MS, who, beginning tomorrow, will vote on whether to elect a  union to represent them. That is what the NLRB has traditionally done-- stood up for workers. Just last week, they filed a complaint against  Nissan, alleging that the corporation has violated the law by running a  union-busting drive, warning workers that they would lose wages and  benefits if they took the step of joining a union.   It is also the NLRB's job to do the routine but important work of  overseeing the elections. Just last month, the NLRB conducted a secret  ballot election at Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton, MA, where  nearly 300 service workers elected to be represented by SEIU 1199.   With a Republican Congress and President determined to deliver the  knockout blow to the middle class, hard-working Americans need an NLRB  that is on their side. President Trump's nominee to the NLRB, Marvin  Kaplan, has no experience practicing labor law, but we actually know  where he stands on protecting workers.   As a Republican House staffer, here is what he has done. He spent  years actively working to strip workers of their right to organize  under the law. He spent years working to overturn rulings by the NLRB  that would protect workers' rights. He worked on the legislation to  delay union elections by at least 35 days, giving employers and their  armies of lawyers and lobbyists more time to fight off organizing  efforts. He worked on legislation to make some workers ineligible to  join unions at their workplaces. He even fought efforts to ensure that  Americans get paid the overtime they deserve.   So after 8 months, the Republicans are about to go on vacation, but  not before they jam the NLRB with a new anti-worker nominee. The  biggest problem in Washington is that this place works great for giant  employers and for giant corporations with armies of lawyers and  lobbyists. But workers and their families just get ignored. President  Trump doesn't seem to have any problem turning his back on millions of  hard-working people, but that is not what we are here for.   I will be voting against Marvin Kaplan, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   