 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  honor the incredible men and women of our Nation's law enforcement  agencies. Each year, peace officers from all over the country and from  countries all over  [[Page S2952]]  the world come to Washington, DC, to celebrate and remember the lives  of their colleagues whom they have lost in the line of duty.   The men and women who serve as peace officers in our Tribal, Federal,  State, and local law enforcement agencies selflessly put their lives  before the lives of those whom they have taken an oath to protect and  serve. I am here to not only remember those peace officers we have lost  but to thank each and every officer who puts on a uniform and a badge  every day to protect our citizens and our communities.   As a former attorney general of North Dakota, I have always had a  special relationship and appreciation for law enforcement. Serving as  the top law enforcement officer in my State will always be one of the  most meaningful moments in my professional career. When I began serving  as attorney general, law enforcement wasn't one of the goals I had. So  I told my head of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation, a brilliant  leader by the name of Bill Broer, that he could just deal with the law  enforcement portion of the job, and I would take responsibility for the  rest of the job.   Bill was going to have none of that, and consistently invited me  along as he visited peace officers from all over the State, as we went  to intel meetings, and as we talked about the challenges of equipping  and staffing our law enforcement agencies. I can tell my colleagues  that after 8 years of being North Dakota's attorney general, that  portion of the job was the job I miss and love the most because I  worked with the finest collection of peace officers in the country, and  I could not be more proud to continue that work and work alongside of  them as their U.S. Senator.   I am here to thank each and every one of the peace officers who  selflessly serve in communities throughout North Dakota and to let you  know I don't just appreciate the work you do and the sacrifices you and  your family make each and every day, but I also have your back, 24/7,  365 days a year.   I also come to the floor with a heavy heart, as I have had to come to  the floor twice already in less than a year, to honor North Dakota  peace officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty.   We lost Officer Jason Moszer of the Fargo Police Department on  February 11, 2016. Less than a year later, we lost Rolette County  Deputy Colt Allery on January 18, 2017. I say ``we'' because the loss  of these fine, young peace officers was felt across the entire State of  North Dakota, and it still impacts their families, their departments,  and our communities to this day.   Both of these young men made the ultimate sacrifice in service to  their State and their communities, each succumbing to gunshot wounds  inflicted by individuals who were prepared to inflict even more damage  and take more lives. The brave actions of these two peace officers  prevented that from happening.   Officer Jason Moszer's name was etched into the Peace Officer  Memorial here in Washington, DC, this week, and his name was read out  loud during a ceremony this past weekend honoring all the officers who  died in the line of duty last year and whose names have been added to  the wall.   Officer Moszer's name will now serve as an example not just to North  Dakotans but to people from all over this country and all around the  world who visit the memorial each year. He will serve as an example of  the best our State and country has to offer, an example of what it  truly means to have lived and died so others may be safe; quite simply,  an example for everyone of what it means to be a hero.   We must also remember the families of our peace officers that  sacrifice so much, not knowing if their loved ones will return each  time they walk out the door. I want to recognize Officer Moszer's  family, his wife Rachel, his children Dillan and Jolee, his brother  Brian, his sister Michelle, and especially his parents Dave and Karen,  who care so much and have sacrificed so much and today suffer that loss  with their community, but, more importantly, in private. So I know what  Jason meant to you. I know what he means to you. He now belongs to the  entire State of North Dakota. We will never forget his name or his  sacrifice.   To the men and women of the Fargo Police Department, led by a great  guy, Chief David Todd, I commend all of you for your courage and  strength, for standing alongside the Moszers every step of the way.  Jason's loss was your loss too. I stand in awe and appreciation of the  job you do each and every day, and I thank you.   Next year, unfortunately, I will be coming to the floor again to  honor Deputy Allery, as his name will be engraved on the memorial wall.  My heart breaks about having to do this again, but I also consider it  an incredible privilege to honor the very best of what we as a State  and country have to offer.   To all of our peace officers, especially those back home in North  Dakota, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your sacrifice to  the people of Fargo and the State of North Dakota.   I also want to mention that we walk by peace officers every day-- peace officers who have the responsibility of protecting the most  iconic image of American democracy; that is, the U.S. Capitol and the  buildings we serve in. They stand ready to take anything that walks  through that door. Let me tell you, anyone who thinks that is an easy  job--trying to anticipate, trying to pay attention, and trying to know  how to treat our citizens with the utmost respect but also recognizing  that every one of those people coming through the door at any of these  gates, any of these doors, could be intent on doing damage to this  institution and causing death among the people we work with every day-- it is an awesome responsibility and I think a responsibility that too  often goes unattended and unrecognized and unappreciated.   I want to stand today and give a shout-out not only to the great  peace officers of my State but the great peace officers who serve with  us every day. Whether they are in border patrol and protection, whether  they are in Customs and Border Protection, whether they are police  officers at the parks, whether they are police officers serving all  across these Federal agencies, whether it be ICE or the FBI, we should  be proud of the work that they do. We should be standing with them in  the work they do because their job is as important as our job, and that  is to protect our country and protect our people.   So I want to say it is not enough to just stand here and recognize  the heroes. If we really want to appreciate peace officers and peace  officer week, and if we want to really honor peace officers, every day  is a day that we say thank you. Every day we pass a uniform of a peace  officer who is protecting us, we say thank you. We recognize their  service, we recognize their sacrifice, and we recognize that all too  often they are the only people who stand between us and chaos, who  stand on that line and protect our country and protect our children and  protect our citizens.   May God bless all of our peace officers and may God bless the United  States of America.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nevada.   