 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan approach to  autonomous vehicles reflected in the SELF DRIVE Act. As ranking member  of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee, I have  been so pleased to be able to work with Chairman Latta to reach  agreements on the legislation before the House today. It is not the  bill I think that either one of us would have written on our own, but  it does reflect a bipartisan agreement that we reached after months of  negotiation, and I appreciate that very much.   Autonomous vehicles have great potential to improve safety on our  roads by reducing accidents caused by human error, which most accidents  are. My goal throughout this process has been to make sure that this  technology is deployed safely and that we also advance existing safety  technologies.   The SELF DRIVE Act lays out a framework for the National Highway  Traffic Safety Administration, NHTSA,  [[Page H6672]]  to promote safe adoption of AVs. Mandatory safety assessment  certifications will ensure that NHTSA receives the data that it needs  to evaluate safety as autonomous vehicles appear on our roads. Within a  year of enactment, NHTSA will lay out a priority plan for what new  safety standards need to be written and which existing standards must  be updated. In addition, the bill requires manufacturers to write  cybersecurity and consumer privacy plans as they develop AV technology.   The legislation allows for exemptions to existing vehicle safety  standards. For example, there may be some vehicles that really don't  need a steering wheel. It is hard to imagine now. But we ensure that  NHTSA explains its process for granting any safety exemptions. The  maximum number of exemptions per automobile will scale up  incrementally.   To receive an exemption, a manufacturer must show equivalent safety,  a manufacturer must report crashes involving exempted vehicles, and  exempted vehicles must be listed in a public database.   This bill also has safety improvements that go beyond autonomous  vehicles. NHTSA will work to improve the performance of headlamps. In 2  years, NHTSA will issue a rule requiring an alert system to warn  drivers if a child or pet is left in the backseat. Already this year,  37 children have died from heatstroke after being left in hot cars.  This hot cars provision, which Congressman Tim Ryan, Congressman Peter  King, and I introduced as a standalone bill, will save lives.    A broad range of stakeholders have been involved and will be involved  in the future of self-driving workers. That is why we set up an  advisory council which will include industry, academics, labor, State  and local government, consumer advocates, and environmental experts.   As self-driving cars are developed, we must examine critical issues.  Will seniors and people with disabilities share in the benefits of  autonomous vehicles? Ensuring accessibility may require further policy  changes. We also need to grapple with the disruption self-driving cars  may cause in employment. Even though this legislation generally  excludes commercial vehicles--and additional clarity may be needed-- self-driving cars may displace workers who make their livelihoods  behind the wheel.   Once the House passes this bill, I look forward to working with  stakeholders and our Senate colleagues to send consensus legislation to  the President's desk. I believe we could go further to improve consumer  safety and strengthen protections to put consumers in control of their  data. We must also keep working to refine the Federal, State, and local  roles in ensuring safe roads and protecting access to courts when  necessary.   Mr. Speaker, today's vote is the next step in that process. I urge my  colleagues to vote in favor of the SELF DRIVE Act, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee, and I thank him for his support.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Matsui), a member of the Digital Commerce and  Consumer Protection Subcommittee and a major contributor to this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Eshoo), a member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Michigan (Mrs. Dingell), a member of the Digital Commerce and  Consumer Protection Subcommittee and someone who has put in a lot of  time and effort on this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from the great State of New York (Ms. Clarke), a member  of our subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McNerney), my colleague on the Energy  and Commerce Committee.     Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the Congressman from  Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking member of the Science,  Space, and Technology Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Ryan), the sponsor and my partner on the HOT CARS Act,  included in this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me just say some thank  yous. I thank the chairman of our subcommittee, Chairman Latta, for his  great work. I also thank Chairman Walden, and, of course, all of the  staff on his side of the aisle for their work to help us reach this  bipartisan agreement. I especially want to thank them for the inclusion  of the HOT CARS legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone on our side and also  thank Michelle Ash, Lisa Goldman, Caroline Paris-Behr, and my staff,  Matt Hayward, for their great work on the subcommittee on this  legislation.   We will continue working together to send consensus legislation. I  appreciate the opportunity to work with Chairman Latta and to get this  to the floor today as a suspension bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R.  3440, the DREAM Act, to protect Monica, an Illinois DREAMer with a  nursing degree, who has dedicated her life to taking care of others.   