 Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, I ask this of my colleague, the Senator  from Oregon, because Washington, Oregon, and so many other States spend  so much time innovating. The proposal we are seeing coming out of the  House of Representatives really isn't innovation. I like to say that if  you are looking at this, just at the specifics, the per capita cap is  really just a budget mechanism. It doesn't have anything to do with  innovation. It just has to do with basically triggering a cut to  Medicaid and shifting that cost to the States. My concern is that we  already do a lot with a lot less, and we know how to innovate. We would  prefer that the rest of the country follow that same model. I would ask  the Senator from Oregon: Do you see any innovation in this model, in  capping and cutting the amount of Medicaid and shifting that to the  States?    I ask the Senator from Oregon this through the  Presiding Officer. The innovation that was already in the Affordable  Care Act really did address the Medicaid population, in which so much  of that cost is for long-term care and nursing home care. So Medicaid  equals long-term care for so many Americans. In the Affordable Care Act  we accelerated the process of shifting the cost to community-based care  because it is more convenient for patients and up to one-third of the  cost of a nursing home. So if we keep more people in their homes, that  is better innovation.   In the Affordable Care Act, we incentivized States. In fact, we had  21 States take us up on that--including Arkansas, Connecticut, Georgia,  Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, New Hampshire, Texas, Ohio, Nevada,  Nebraska. There are many States that are doing this innovation and  basically trying to move the Medicaid population to community-based  care so we can save money.   Savings from rebalancing could make up for a large portion of the  money the House is trying to cut in this bill. Basically, they are not  saving the money. They are shifting the burden to the States, instead  of giving innovative solutions to people to have community-based care;  that is, long-term care services and staying in their home longer. Who  doesn't want to stay in their home longer? Then we support them through  community-based delivery of long-term healthcare services, and we save  the Nation billions of dollars.   In fact, our State did this over a 15-year period of time, and we  saved $2.7 billion. That is the kind of innovation we would like to  see. But instead of implementing the innovation we started in the  Affordable Care Act, they are trying to cap the Medicaid funding, which  basically is changing the relationship from a mutually supported State  and Federal partnership to a capped federal block grant. They are just  saying: We are going to cost-shift this burden to you the States.   I saw that the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities analyzed the  current House proposal and found it would result in a $387 billion cost  shift to the States. Does the Senator from Oregon think that Oregon has  the kind of money to take its percentage of that $370 billion?   To my colleague from Michigan: Does the Senator think the State of  Michigan has the dollars to take care of that Medicaid population with  that level of a cut?    Mr. President, if I could, I will ask the Senator from  Oregon one more question, and maybe my other colleagues will join in.   When you do not realize the savings and you cost-shift to the States,  some of the key populations that you hurt are pregnant women and  children. We do not want to have less money. If you think about  Medicaid, pregnant women and children are a big part of the population.   I know our colleague from Pennsylvania has joined us, and he has been  a champion for the Children's Health Insurance Program--CHIP--and  everything that we do for women and children. I don't know if he has  seen this in his State. I don't know if the Senator from Oregon or the  Senator from Michigan or the Senator from Pennsylvania wants to comment  on this--on the notion that we are not realizing the savings from  delivery innovations like rebalancing, and then figuring out how to  best utilize those for the delivery of the services that so many people  are counting on. With a per capita cap, you are really going to be  starting in a very bad place with the people who need these resources  the most, and when it comes to Medicaid, women and children are front  and center in this debate.   I hate the fact that somebody is going to cost-shift to the States,  that the States are not going to have enough money, and then the very  people who would end up paying the price are the women and children. I  don't know if the Senator from Oregon, the Senator from Michigan, or  the Senator from Pennsylvania wants to comment on that.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of  Seema Verma for Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  Services, CMS.   We have before us a nominee that would run an agency responsible for  the healthcare of more than 100 million Americans, with an annual  budget of about $1 trillion. This is the agency that administers  Medicare, Medicaid, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and health  insurance exchanges. In short, CMS is the single most consequential  agency in health care.   Yes, I am deeply concerned about this administration's ideas on  Medicare and on the individual insurance market, over both of which CMS  has profound influence, but I am most concerned about their plans for  Medicaid.   Based on Ms. Verma's history, her actions, her statements, and her  testimony before the Senate Finance Committee, it is clear to me that  Mrs. Verma is not only complicit but is leading the charge to wage a  war on Medicaid.   Why do I say that? Let us look at Ms. Verma's record, actions, and  testimony on Medicaid. In Indiana, Ms. Verma made millions of dollars  in consulting  [[Page S1738]]  fees by kicking poor working people off of Medicaid for failure to pay  monthly contributions similar to premiums. This plan forced people  making $10,000 a year, $5,000 a year, or even homeless people with  virtually no income to pay a monthly contribution or be penalized. As a  result of Ms. Verma's work, about 2,500 Hoosiers have been cut from  care. Evaluations of this plan by independent experts show it is  confusing to beneficiaries and has not demonstrated better results than  traditional Medicaid expansion. Meanwhile, enrollment is far lower than  projected.   During my meeting with her and in her testimony before the Senate  Finance Committee, Ms. Verma stated that Medicaid should not be an  option for able-bodied people. Ms. Verma seems to think the private  sector can serve this population on its own. Based on what we know  about the historical affordability challenges in the individual health  insurance market, I find this notion hard to believe.   My State is innovating in Medicaid through ``rebalancing'' from  nursing homes to home and community care, integrating behavioral health  and primary care, and adopting of innovative new waivers through  collaboration with the Federal Government. In fact, Washington State  realized more than $2.5 billion in savings over 15 years through  rebalancing efforts; yet Ms. Verma will not commit to a single delivery  system reform idea.   Ms. Verma claims Medicaid is a top-down Federal power grab. On the  contrary, Medicaid is an optional State program, with all States  participating. Every State participates because they know Medicaid is a  good strategy for covering a low-income and vulnerable population and  supporting their healthcare delivery system. Medicaid is highly  flexible right now, and States have wide latitude over eligibility,  benefits, provider reimbursements, and overall administration of their  Medicaid programs.   Ms. Verma claims Medicaid produces poor outcomes, but she cannot  offer a single credible clinical outcome or quality measure that the  program is not achieving. Meanwhile, data show that patient  satisfaction in Medicaid is high and the program achieves improved  public health and clinical outcomes for its patients.   Most concerning, Ms. Verma has repeatedly endorsed the administration  and Republicans' plan to permanently cap Medicaid, which would hurt  patients, States, health providers, and local economies.   I am voting no on Seema Verma's nomination for CMS Administrator  because I cannot endorse a full-scale assault on the Medicaid Program.   