 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2484,  the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017 which expresses that the  United States should be a global leader in promoting the meaningful  participation of women in efforts directed at conflict prevention,  management, and resolution.   This bill directs the President to develop and submit to Congress a  Women, Peace, and Security Strategy that will:   1. Be aligned with other nations' plans to improve and encourage  women to participate in peace and security over processes, conflict  prevention, peace building, and decision making; and   2. Lay out goals and evaluation plans to measure strategy  effectiveness.   Additionally, H.R. 2484 directs that employees and contractors of the  Department of State, Department of Defense, and the U.S. Agency for  International Development that personnel deployed to countries or  regions at risk or emerging from violent conflict be provided training  in conflict prevention, mitigation, and resolution.   This training will allow those deployed to these regions to  collaborate and support women who live in these conflict ridden  communities to develop peace and security strategies.   As a member of the Congressional Caucus for Women's Issues, I  understand the importance of women's security and its role in conflict  prevention and resolution.   This is why in the 114th Congress I introduced H. Res. 528 that seeks  to create a Victims of Terror Protection Fund for the displaced  refugees, migrants and victims of Boko Haram's terror in the region,  many of which are women and children.   One reason women play such a critical role in the peacebuilding  process is because they constitute half of every community.   Educating women and men to work in tandem is an imperative step  toward instilling peace in communities and mending broken bonds.   An important aspect of H.R. 2484 is the inclusion of training  personnel who work firsthand in these conflicted regions regarding  international human rights laws and the protection of trafficked  people.   Nearly 21 million people have fallen victim to human trafficking  globally, and more than half of them are women and girls.   These numbers are staggering, and victims who have been liberated  from this awful slavery require special consideration and support to  overcome the horrors they have experienced with the aid of women  peacekeepers.   Women serve as incredible advocates for peace as central caretakers  of the family and have already played prominent roles in peace  processes in the Horn of Africa.   Overall, H.R. 2484 makes an important contribution by requiring the  agencies that focus abroad to collaborate on incorporating women in the  peacebuilding processes.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2484, the Women,  Peace, and Security Act of 2017.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 2132, ``Traveler Redress  Improvement Act of 2017,'' which requires the implementation of a  redress process and review of the Transportation Security  Administration's intelligence-based screening rules for aviation  security.   The DHS Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) provides a  redress process for individuals who have been denied or delayed airline  boarding, entry into or exit from the United States at a port of entry  or border crossing, or have been repeatedly referred for additional  (secondary) screening.   I thank the Committee for accepting the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R.  2132, which extends the time for GAO to submit its report from 180 days  to one year.   The Jackson Lee Amendment gives GAO additional time to do its work  after TSA concludes its work on the Privacy Impact Assessment for the  Secure Flight program.   In 2015, there were 178 days when TSA screened more than 2 million  passengers in a single day.   George Bush International and William P. Hobby Airports are essential  hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the  region.   Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International  Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P.  Hobby (HOU).   Persons who routinely undergo secondary screening or incur delays in  boarding flights only have the DHS TRIP as their sole means of redress.   DHS TRIP is a single point of contact for individuals who have  inquiries or seek resolution regarding travel difficulties that may be  caused by watch list issues, screening problems at ports of entry, and  situations where travelers believe they have been unfairly or  incorrectly delayed, denied boarding or identified for additional  screening at our nation's transportation hubs.   H.R. 2132 requires TSA, to report within 18o days on the  implementation of the redress process to the Committee on Homeland  Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce,  Science, and Transportation of the Senate.   TSA is also required to review and update the Privacy Impact  Assessment Act for the Secure Flight programs in order to make sure  this assessment reflects the operation of the DHS TRIP.   As an added measure to ensure DHS TRIP has the most up to date  information, the TSA Assistant Administrator of the Office of  Intelligence Analysis must conduct a comprehensive review of TSA's  intelligence-based screening rules every 120 days.   Once this review is completed, the Office of Intelligence Analysis of  TSA has 48 hours to notify relevant DHS offices if there is any change,  update, implementation, or suspension of any rule or method.   Reviewing the screening rules allows TSA to keep the methods that are  used for security as up to date as possible and to ensure that air  travelers are treated fairly.   I am a strong proponent of privacy, civil liberties, and due process.   The Federal Privacy Act assures that when agencies use electronic  databases to collect, retain, process, or make decisions regarding-U.S.  citizens that their privacy is protected.   I ask my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to vote in support  of H.R. 2132.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 625, the Reporting  Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017,  or the ``REPORT Act.''   The REPORT Act bridges an information and preparedness gap that has  for too long clouded the information Congress receives about acts of  terrorism that happen in our homeland.   The REPORT Act requires the Secretary of Homeland Security, in  coordination with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal  Bureau of Investigation, and, if appropriate, the head of the National  Counterterrorism Center, to submit an unclassified report to Congress,  within one year of the completion of an investigation of act of  terrorism in the United States.   This report will include a statement of the facts regarding the act  of terrorism; identify any possible national security gaps that could  prevent future acts of terrorism, and any recommendations for  additional homeland security improvement measures.   The report will help Congress to enact legislation to effectively  address security gaps in our national security efforts.   The REPORT Act fosters accountability, collaboration, and  preparedness.   Acts of terror and violence have been at the forefront of the  American collective memory for more than a decade now.   Americans have become accustomed to hearing about attacks all across  our homeland and around the world.   The Bookings Institute labeled 2016 as the year of the ``Lone Wolf''  terrorist.   Radicalized individuals acting on their own pose a strategic and  institutional threat to our national security.   This phenomenon requires us to think creatively and collectively to  be prepared to address the idiosyncratic aspects of this new wave of  terror.   The REPORT Act relies on our current security structure to prepare us  for the future.   Attacks such as the attack on LGBT people of color in Pulse, the  attacks in the City of San Bernardino, and recent attacks in London  highlight the importance of collaboration and sharing of knowledge to  prevent more attacks from happening.   This common sense bill relies on our current expertise to prepare for  the future.   Mr. Speaker, we share the responsibility with the President to keep  Americans safe and this bill is a step towards improving the way we go  about protecting the American people.   I support the REPORT Act and urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting this important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 2283, the ``Department of  Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act,''  which will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002.   This bill requires the Chief Human Capital Officer to develop and  implement policies related to leadership development, employee  engagement, and career progression.   The CHCO must evaluate strategic workforce planning efforts, identify  methods for managing and overseeing human capital programs, and  maintain a catalogue of available employee development opportunities.   It is imperative that employees be aware of the opportunities  available for them no matter what their current title or role may be.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will also authorize the Chief Learning and  Engagement Officer to assist the Chief Human Capital Officer on  employee development and will also authorize the Employee Engagement  Steering Committee.   The Employee Engagement Steering Committee will be comprised of  representatives from across the Department as well as representatives  from employee labor organizations.   Having a committee that is representative of the Department's  workforce will ensure that a diverse voice is representative in any  decisions made that will affect employees.   The Steering Committee will identify factors that have a negative  impact on employee engagement and morale and will monitor components'  efforts in addressing morale.   The Component heads are tasked with developing and implementing a  component-specific action plan that addresses employee engagement and  advances the overall Department action plan.   This bill will authorize the Secretary to establish an annual  employee awards program to recognize non-supervisory DHS employees who  have made significant contributions to the Department.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will also require the Secretary to provide an  independent assessment of DHS programs to Congress.   Congress must ensure that programs are working in the way that they  were created to.   This bill is endorsed by the National Border Patrol Council, the  National Treasury Employees Union, and the American Federation of  Government Employees.   These organizations have recognized that this bill is a step forward  in the right direction which helps employees of the Department have a  higher morale.   DHS was ranked low in best places to work in a recent poll conducted.   Recognition and employee engagement is important to reduce turnover,  improve team culture, and increase employee performance.   I urge my colleagues to also support this bill and help create a  Department of Homeland Security that is professional, efficient,  effective, and employee friendly.   