 Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for yielding.   Today, I rise as the proud cosponsor of this important legislation  with my friend and colleague from Indiana, Susan Brooks. I want to  thank her for her work on this, the Judiciary leadership, and, of  course, Senator Diane Feinstein.   Mr. Chair, imagine you are a 10-year-old girl and you have a dream.  Your dream is to stand on the podium at a summer Olympics with a medal  around your neck, and you are saluting the American flag. You are  willing to do a lot for that. You are willing to give up all the kinds  of things that little girls like to do in their youth. You are willing  to spend hours practicing your skills, to get bumps and bruises, but it  doesn't stop you. Your parents trust your dream to a coach you call  ``Grandpa.''   Here is the thing: Your dream becomes a nightmare. The Protecting  Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act comes after devastating reports  that at least 368 gymnasts have been sexually abused by their coaches  and trainers over the course of 20 years. It is almost unimaginable.   Although USA Gymnastics received allegations of abuse, they turned a  blind eye. Why? Because it was more important to them to win medals and  protect their star coaches.   We have read and heard lots of stories. I am going to give you an  example of one, while trying to protect the confidentiality.   By the time she was in seventh grade, our gymnast has developed an  eating disorder, coping with the fact that the coach she called Grandpa  made her hate her body. By the time she got to college, she had  difficulty maintaining relationships, believing that she would never  like being touched or physically embraced by others.   Here is a postscript. Over more than a decade, the coach we call  Grandpa was able to move from gym to gym abusing girls and recording  videos of them. He installed secret cameras in changing rooms and  recorded 469 videos of gymnasts, many of whom were naked.    Mr. Chair, to continue this, we have to ask  this question: Could these young girls have been spared this trauma had  proper procedures been in place? And, of course, today our answer is,  hopefully, yes.   This legislation is a step in a long journey to change the culture  around  [[Page H4577]]  sexual abuse. Too often institutions, whether they are our colleges,  our military, or, here, in this case, an athletic organization,  prioritize preserving their reputations and their brands over the  people they protect.   This legislation will require national sports bodies like USA  Gymnastics to file reports of abuse as soon as possible. It will  establish mandatory training and require the enforcement of policies  preventing, reporting, and addressing these kinds of allegations  because protecting our athletes must be a priority. Let their dreams  come true.   