 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the  Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization  Act of 2017.   I want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee,  Congressman McKinley and Congressman Pallone, for their bipartisan work  to advance a brownfields reauthorization bill to the floor today.   I also want to thank my friend and colleague, Congressman Katko, for  his partnership in working with me to drive the momentum behind the  brownfields remediation authorization in the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee.   Mr. Speaker, we are here today to pass a bill that is a win-win for  our cities and towns all across America. The bill before us today  increases the funding and makes important changes to the EPA's  brownfields program, changes that are 15 years in the making.   Since 2002, the EPA's brownfields program has been an engine for job  creation and economic growth in every single congressional district  across this country. We have cleaned up local eyesores and contaminated  sites, putting these properties back onto the tax rolls. That is good  for the economy and it is good for the environment.   In essence, brownfields grants help us do the ultimate recycling, the  recycling of land. This bill makes important changes to make the  brownfields program work even better. It allows grants to be used for  assessments. It allows grants to be used by nonprofits, and for  multipurpose grants, and it increases the grant limits from $200,000 to  $500,000 per project.   In Waterbury, Connecticut, they will now be able to use grants  previously that they could not use to put valuable land back into  productive use.   In the cities of New Britain and Meriden, they will now be able to  use Federal funding for multipurpose grants. Previously they have had  to rely on State and local money to do these important transformative  projects in our former industrial powerhouses across the northeast.   My district alone has 66 EPA-identified brownfields sites. And with  over 450,000 remaining brownfields sites across the country, the need  for more brownfields funding and for greater flexibility is manifest  and important to every Member of this Chamber.   For every acre of brownfields that is redeveloped, approximately 10  jobs are created. Let me repeat that: 10 jobs.   Our voters send us here to get things done. They want us to make our  towns more beautiful and safer, and they want us to create jobs, and  this bill does both. So I am very proud of the bipartisan work and dual  committee work to bring this important bill to the floor after 15  years.   It is an opportunity for us to show to the American people that  bipartisanship works and committees work when we are allowed to do our  work together. So, again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle and both committees for their wonderful work here today.  It is a win for America.   