 Mr. Speaker, there is no debating that our immigration  system is in need of reform. The system doesn't meet the needs of our  Nation, its businesses, or its families. There are sensible steps we  can take to ensure that it works better and that the rules are  followed.   But rather than work in a bipartisan and top-to-bottom fashion to fix  our broken laws, today we consider a one-sided and enforcement-only  approach that is rejected by the majority of Americans.   This bill would drastically expand and, indeed, compel local  involvement with Federal immigration enforcement. Even though the  majority often professes its fondness for states' rights and local  governance, the bill actually prohibits States and cities from policing  themselves as they think best, including by having community trust  policies that disentangle local policing from Federal immigration  enforcement. These are policies that have proven to engender trust in  law enforcement and drive down crime.   The bill prohibits jurisdictions from declining immigration detainer  requests, even when compliance would violate binding court orders. In  fact, a lot of Federal district courts have found that, when it is time  to release an inmate because their sentence has been served, it  violates the Fourth Amendment to hold that individual upon a mere  request by the Federal Government. If you want that person, the answer  is simple: Get a warrant. It is the Fourth Amendment.   Indeed, the bill also likely violates the 10th Amendment by  commandeering States to engage in Federal enforcement.   The bill, as has been mentioned, cuts off critical law enforcement  funding, and that is why the Fraternal Order of Police has written its  letter in opposition to the bill.   Taken together, the provisions of this bill undermine law  enforcement's ability to keep communities safe, hurt victims and  witnesses of crimes, and likely violate the U.S. Constitution.   It is no surprise this bill is a priority for the Trump  administration. Anti-immigrant sentiment may have become the hallmark  of the Trump administration, but it does not represent the values of  our Nation, and, indeed, the majority of Americans strongly oppose  President Trump's agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I urge our colleagues to oppose this rule and to oppose  the bill.   