 Mr. Speaker, I thank both of my colleagues for their  leadership on H.R. 2664 and bringing this important matter to the  attention of the House.   I rise to express my strong support for this bill, and to commend,  again, my colleagues for making a difference in the fight to end modern  slavery.   Over the past few years, we have only begun to comprehend the horrors  of human trafficking and how it established a foothold in this country.  Thanks to the vigilance of faith-based groups, humanitarians across the  globe, and the courage of survivors, we are learning more about the  tactics and loopholes human traffickers exploit to prey on the most  vulnerable among us.   Children are often the ones most vulnerable to exploitation. It is  estimated that one in six endangered runaways are likely victims of  this horrific crime. Earlier this year, with the leadership of  Representatives Guthrie and Courtney, the House passed the Improving  Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act.   That bipartisan legislation supports the critical efforts of the  National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. It includes positive  reforms to encourage new and innovative ways to recover and protect  missing and exploited children, including those who are victims of  trafficking. We need to do everything possible to ensure this vital  work will continue, and that is what H.R. 1808 was all about.   But this is an issue that demands our ongoing attention. More  solutions are needed, and that is why we are here today, to build on  the bipartisan work we have already accomplished.   The Department of Labor has a unique vantage point for spotting  violations in workplaces that can be telltale signs of modern slavery  and labor exploitation. This bill equips DOL personnel to form  partnerships with law enforcement to detect and address signs of human  trafficking in America's workplaces.   Mr. Speaker, if we can shed light in any corner where this evil may  lurk, we must.   Again, I commend Mr. Walberg's leadership on this issue and Mr.  Sablan for working with him so passionately. I am proud that the  Committee on Education and the Workforce could do its part to support  their work and bring this bill to the floor.   I urge all Members to vote in favor of the Enhancing Detection of  Human Trafficking Act.   