 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Walz for his  leadership, for bringing this bill, and for allowing me to stay  involved even though I am no longer on the committee. Likewise, I thank  Dr. Roe for all that he has done for veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 2288, the Veterans  Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act.   Fixing this outdated system was one of my top priorities while I  served as ranking member of the VA Disability Assistance and Memorial  Affairs Subcommittee. When I assumed that position, much of the focus  was on the VA disability claims backlog, which had ballooned, causing  many veterans to wait almost 2 years just for their initial claim  decision. After that backlog was addressed and reduced, the problem  shifted to the appeals process, where today, as you have heard, almost  470,000 veterans are currently waiting in an overburdened and  overcomplicated system that was first developed in the 1930s and last  updated in the 1980s.   I regularly hear from my veteran constituents who are stuck in this  appeals process about the need for reform. One veteran we are helping  in Las Vegas has been working since August of 2013 to have his appeal  adjudicated; and another Nevada veteran who, out of desperation, came  to my office, took 4 years to complete his process.   So, obviously, the current system is just unacceptable. If we don't  act, it is only going to get worse. We have heard statistics that soon  veterans may be waiting for more than a decade just to have their  appeals adjudicated.   Last year, working closely with the VA, with the committee, and with  many of our partners in the VSO community, I introduced legislation to  address this outdated process. I am very proud that my proposal is the  basis for the legislation we are considering today.   The changes that were made to that legislation are positive  additions, and I appreciate the work that Chairman Bost and Ranking  Member Esty have done to improve the bill and bring it to the floor.   I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come  together to recognize, to help, to assist our veterans, and support  this bill. I want us to tell our friends in the Senate: You have got to  act quickly, too. We have got to get this done.   