 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of  H.R. 353, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017.  [[Page H217]]    This bill is the culmination of more than four years of compromise  and negotiation, and demonstrates that the issues of weather and  climate can be addressed in a bi-partisan way.   In that regard, I want to recognize the efforts of Jim Bridenstine  and Suzanne Bonamici, as well as the bill's sponsor, Frank Lucas. Their  leadership and commitment has really driven this process forward.   Mr. Speaker, weather affects all of us everyday. It is a constant  presence in our lives.   Tropical storms batter homes and disrupt lives from my home state of  Texas all the way to Maine. States like Oklahoma, Illinois, and again  Texas are some of the most tornado prone areas in the entire world.   Sadly, turning on the television to see a part of our country  devastated by tornados, or hurricanes, or other severe weather  incidents, has become a far too familiar occurrence. To help Americans  avoid and cope with these potentially devastating events, we need to  have the very best weather forecasting and warning capabilities.   The National Weather Service and the Office of Oceanic and  Atmospheric Research at NOAA play a central role in protecting the  lives and property of every American.   The bill before us today will help accelerate innovation, and turn  cutting-edge weather research into essential weather forecasting tools  and products; tools which forecasters can then use to protect American  lives.   The legislation removes barriers that exist between the weather  research community, our nation's forecasters, and the private-sector  weather enterprise. Improving collaboration and cooperation within  NOAA, and also between the agency and the broader weather community,  will impact the accuracy and timing of our weather predictions. These  improvements will ultimately save lives and make our communities safer.   Strengthening our resilience to severe weather events is both vital  and necessary to strengthen our nation's economic security. H.R. 353  will advance our weather forecasting capabilities and I urge my  colleagues to support its passage.    Mr. Speaker, President-elect  Donald Trump's cabinet nominations are nothing short of alarming. With  the United States Senate expected to begin nomination hearings this  week, we need to ensure that Congress follows a fair and thorough  vetting process as we evaluate the suitability of these individuals to  fill the various cabinet positions.   One source of concern is the process by which Republicans in Congress  are choosing to conduct these nominations. The recent Republican effort  to rush the nominees through the process does not invite confidence in  our ability to properly consider each individual on their merits.  Walter Shaub, Jr., Director of the Office of Government Ethics, raised  his concerns of this very fact given that his office is charged with  conducting ethics screening reviews of the nominees. The aggressive  hearing schedule to consider these nominees is unprecedented and has  placed an undue burden on the Office of Government Ethics (OCE) and its  ability to conduct thorough ethics reviews. These ethics reviews are  essential to the process and help us to identify potential conflicts of  interest or other ethical considerations before we confirm these  individuals to serve in public office. Director Shaub has stated that  it is unprecedented for the Senate to conduct a confirmation hearing  before the ethics review process has concluded. This is simply  unacceptable and undermines the democratic process.   The nominees themselves are also cause for concern. Namely, I believe  that the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General of  the U.S. Department of Justice threatens the best interests and safety  of the American people. Senator Sessions has served in the United  States Senate for twenty years, during which his record on civil rights  and other national issues was questionable at best. For example, he  voted several times against the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act, which aimed to hold offenders of violence against women  accountable for their actions. He has also taken a very clear position  against rights for the LGBT community, which would deny these Americans  basic human rights. His positions on criminal justice and government  reforms are also disturbing.   Mr. Speaker, I have serious concerns about the means by which my  Republican colleagues are approaching the nomination process this  Congress. If we are to properly evaluate the qualifications and the  ethical suitability of these nominees, we must conduct an exhaustive  examination of each nominee based on their merits--not on their  politics. The Republicans are failing to uphold these basic principles  through their recent actions. In the name of protecting the American  people and doing what is best for our country, I urge my Republican  colleagues to return to normal order and delay these nomination  hearings until OCE can conclude its ethics reviews of the nominees.   