 Mr. President, it has been over 7 weeks since the Senate  voted on three different versions of the Republican bill to repeal the  Affordable Care Act. Each of these terrible bills would have stripped  healthcare coverage from tens of millions of Americans and raised costs  for millions more.   During this 7 weeks that followed the last of those votes, no one has  clamored for another try. Phones aren't ringing off the hook with calls  for Republicans to go one more round in their effort to rip up the  Medicaid Program. Letters and emails aren't pouring in asking for  legislation to jack up the costs for people with preexisting  conditions. Tweets and Facebook posts don't demand that insurers get  the chance to drop coverage for mental health issues and addiction  treatment.   Instead, the families I have spoken with have told me, often through  tears, that they are so relieved that Republicans stepped back from the  brink and came to their senses. They are breathing just a little bit  easier knowing that Medicaid will be there for their elderly parent in  a nursing home or the neighbor down the street who uses a wheelchair.  That tight, anxious, terrifying feeling in their chests has eased up  because they don't have to worry about losing the health insurance that  helps pay for their asthma medication or their children's heart  surgery.   Here we are again, back on the floor of the Senate, engaged in a  terrible and familiar ritual: begging the Republicans not to gut our  health insurance system for the sake of political games.   If the American people want these cruel repeal bills to be thrown in  the garbage, where they belong, then what are we doing here? Well,  Senate Republicans are pretty desperate. This month, they learned from  the Senate Parliamentarian--the independent umpire here in the Senate  who gets the final say on how the procedural rules work--that the  legislative instructions they passed back in January to kick off their  whole effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act will expire on September  30. Once that happens, Republicans would have to start over with a new  set of instructions if they want to be able to use the special Senate  rules that allow them to jam this bill through without a single  Democratic vote. So the Republicans have dug through the trash and  pulled out an old draft of a bill they think could get the job done. It  is called the Cassidy-Graham proposal, named after the Republican  Senators who put it together.   You might think that after months and months of failed attempts, the  Republicans would have something new to offer. You might think that  after their last three terrible repeal bills went up in flames, the  Republicans would propose something more reasonable this time around.  You might think that--but no. This is just the same terrible set of  policies with a fresh coat of paint and a new name.   The Cassidy-Graham proposal completely eliminates the parts of the  ACA that help families afford health insurance. Do you think insurance  is expensive right now? Just wait for Cassidy-Graham. Need help paying  for your chemotherapy or your surgery? Good luck. Cassidy-Graham says  you are on your own.   What about all the people who count on Medicaid to help out, people  who have health insurance but have a baby who was born 8 weeks too  early and who now needs breathing equipment and special therapists;  people who worked hard all their lives but who couldn't save enough to  make it three decades in a nursing home; people who use a wheelchair or  need a home health aide to come by so they can live independently? What  happens to them? Well, with massive cuts to Medicaid, the latest  Republican proposal turns America's back on babies, on seniors, on  people with disabilities, on our families and our friends and our  neighbors who need our help.   I could go on and on about this, but let's get one thing straight  about this latest Republican plan: It is not more reasonable. It is not  more moderate. It is not bipartisan. And it is definitely not something  that families in this country want. It is just another version of the  same old cruel, heartless, shameless plan that Republicans have spent  the last 8 months trying to jam down the throats of the American  people.   Don't take my word for it. Doctors' groups, including the American  Academy of Pediatrics, the American Academy of Family Physicians, and a  bunch of other medical specialities, pulled the fire alarm last week  when Cassidy and Graham released their proposal. They sent Congress a  letter saying it could cost millions of Americans their healthcare  coverage. They begged Republicans not to start down this road again.  Instead, the doctors asked Congress to do something that makes a whole  lot more sense: Focus on ways to improve health insurance markets in  this country, starting with the discussions that have taken place in  the HELP Committee over the last 2 weeks. That is because there is  another important end-of-September deadline coming up--the date when  insurance companies have to set their prices for next year's insurance  premiums.   Over the last couple of weeks, the two Senators who run the HELP  Committee--Senator Alexander on the Republican side and Senator Murray  on the Democratic side--have held a series of hearings on policies that  we could pass before the end of September to help lower premiums and  make sure that when you buy health insurance, you get coverage that  actually means something.   I sit on that committee, and, like most of my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle, I have been to each of the four hearings we held on  this issue.   Senators Alexander and Murray have also opened up the discussion to  every single Senator so that even those not assigned to the committee  can come and meet the witnesses and talk about how to make healthcare  better. We have traded ideas. We have talked to Governors. We talked to  State insurance commissioners. We talked to doctors and to patients.  And not everyone sees things exactly the same way. We have argued back  and forth and put a lot of different ideas on the table. We have spent  hours talking about how to improve healthcare in this country.   We have 12 days left before the end of September. It is not always  this simple, but this time there really is a clear tradeoff. We can  either use those 12 days to let Republicans burn down healthcare in  this country, or we can use those 12 days to pass a bill that would  stabilize healthcare coverage for millions of Americans.   The Republicans are hoping to slip below the radar screen, to sneak  the repeal of healthcare coverage across the finish line just when we  let down our guard. Well, I have news for the Republicans who want to  go down this road: I see you. The American people see you. And we will  fight you every step of the way, for as long as it takes and for as  many more rounds as you want to go, to stop your ugly bill in its  [[Page S5812]]  tracks. We will not give up on the families who are counting on us to  defend their healthcare. We will not back down. We will not blink.   Here is the thing Republicans just don't seem to realize: We aren't  tired. We don't get tired when we are fighting for kids on ventilators.  We don't lose heart when we are lining up on the side of moms with  breast cancer or grandparents with Alzheimer's. We never ever run out  of steam when we are fighting for people's lives.    We are here today and tomorrow and every day, and we will fight back  as hard as we need to for as long as it takes to defeat every single  attempt to take away healthcare from millions of families in this  country.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   