 Madam President, one of the things that I would most  like to work on is the cost of prescription drugs. I think we should be  making sensible changes to the Affordable Care Act, but the bill that  came over from the House does not really do that at all. Whether it is  bringing the cost of drugs down for seniors by having negotiations  under Medicare Part D or whether it is allowing for less expensive  drugs to come in--probably generic drugs or from other countries--the  bill just does not do that. Now, supposedly, a bill is being considered  here, but it is being done in secret. So I cannot have my say.   For any bill in the Senate, committees meet and debate and vote on  amendments that are offered by Senators on both sides of the aisle. We  need to hear ideas from Members of both parties as to how to fix this  bill--in the HELP Committee, for starters. I ask that we agree today  that the bill will not come to the floor until the HELP Committee has  had an open meeting and has considered amendments from both parties.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that no motion to proceed to  Calendar No. 120, H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, be in order  until the bill has been the subject of executive session meetings in  the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, during which  amendments from the majority and minority will have received votes and  the bill will have been reported favorably from the committee.    Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues, to  speak out, and to ask for a normal process here and to ask for  hearings, to ask for debate, and to ask for amendments because the  healthcare repeal bill is a major step backward, throwing over 20  million people off of health insurance. It is strongly opposed by AARP.   We don't know what is being concocted here in the Senate, but clearly  something is going on, and we would like to have a say, and, most  importantly, the people of my State would like to have a say.   Look at Laura from North St. Paul, who wrote to me about her concerns  about that health bill. Laura is recently retired, but she will not be  eligible for Medicare until next year, and she has a daughter with  several chronic health conditions. Laura is worried that if the  proposal goes through this Chamber, she will end up paying far more for  her health insurance, and her daughter might lose her coverage  altogether. Like so many others, Laura asked that we work across the  aisle to make improvements to the bill that her family needs and that  so many families across the country need.   Take Mike from Grand Marais, which is in the far corner of Minnesota,  right at the tip of our State, not too far from Canada. Mike knows the  kind of healthcare they have across the border in Canada. He knows what  the prices are for the prescription drugs there, but here in America  that healthcare bill doesn't do anything to bring down the cost of  prescription drugs.   Mike has been self-employed his whole life and is now approaching  retirement. He told me that he is very worried that, just as he is  about to retire, he will not be able to afford health insurance because  the premiums that are under that bill for older Minnesotans like him  would skyrocket.   Take a woman from Andover, MN. She wrote to me to say that she is so  worried ``about the GOP's slam dunk attempt to check off a box on their  to do list'' with the healthcare proposal. She asked me to put a face  on the type of person that will be a part of that checklist on that to- do list, and that would be her 28-year-old son. She says that Medicaid  coverage has been a lifesaver for her son because it helps him afford  the treatment he needs to strive for an independent, productive life.   The truth of the matter is that I have heard so many people like  these three, from all corners of my State, from the old to the young to  the middle-aged. I have heard from so many people from the rural parts  of my State about this bill. They are especially worried about the $834  billion in cuts to Medicaid. Medicaid covers more than 1.2 million  Minnesotans, including more than one-fifth of our rural population.  That is 20 percent of our rural population. This funding is vital for  our rural hospitals and the healthcare providers' ability in those  parts of our State to stay open and serve their patients.   Many people who work in rural hospitals and those who are served by  rural hospitals have come up to me to talk about their concerns. These  hospitals are not like big urban hospitals.   I see the Senator from Hawaii here. I thank him for organizing this  along with Senator Murray.   Our rural hospitals actually treat a lot of accidents, people out  snowmobiling or on ATVs. In fact one of them has a chart every summer  showing all the places where they had to remove fish hooks from  people's hands. They usually have over 100 of them by the end of the  summer. You wouldn't see that in an urban area--that is for sure--but  it just shows that different parts of our country, different parts of  our State have different issues they are dealing with.   Rural hospitals are particularly concerned about these cuts. These  drastic cuts would cause many of our rural hospitals to close, forcing  families to drive 60, 70, 80 miles or more when they need the  healthcare the most.   The other issue that this bill brings up to me, when looking at rural  areas, is the opioid epidemic that is hitting communities across the  country. In my State, deaths from prescription drug use now claim more  lives than homicides or car crashes. While there is more work to do to  combat this epidemic, I want to recognize that we have made meaningful  progress so far in a bipartisan way. We passed the framework bill, the  CARA bill. We passed the Cures Act last December, as well as money to  fund treatment. Unfortunately, just as we are starting to move forward  on this issue, the healthcare repeal bill passed by the House would put  us at the risk of moving backward. There is money in that bill for  opioid treatment, but guess what. Medicaid and children's health  insurance covers 3 out of every 10 people with an opioid addiction. But  according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, mental health  and substance abuse benefits could be cut under the House bill,  increasing out-of-pocket costs.  [[Page S3596]]    It is clear that this healthcare legislation has massive life- changing implications for families all over this country. Yet we  haven't even seen a draft in the Senate. What we do know is that, just  last week, the President of the United States, who is known for not  really mincing words and known for using direct language, called the  House bill ``mean.''   He called it ``mean.'' He didn't need a poll or a focus group. He  didn't need to know every detail of the bill, but when you hear that 20  million people can lose health insurance, that is a pretty good word to  describe it--mean. What we don't want to have in the Senate is that we  bring forward the Senate mean, or mean 2. But guess what. We don't even  know what we have because we haven't seen it, because the legislation  is being drafted behind closed doors. Most of us agree that we must  make changes to the Affordable Care Act. I certainly think so. I would  love to pass my bills or include them in amendments to the Affordable  Care Act to bring down the cost of prescription drugs.   My bill would allow 41 million seniors to harness their negotiating  power to bring drug prices down. Right now they are banned to do that.  That is wrong.   I would love to see more competition come into the market in the form  of less expensive drugs from other countries, like Canada--a bill I  have with Senator Kaine or a bill to make it easier to get generics on  the market, like the bill Senator Grassley and I have to stop something  that is called ``pay for delay.'' I think the American people would be  surprised that the big pharmaceutical companies are paying their  generic competitors to keep their products off the market. These are  improvements to the bill.   We can make improvements to the exchanges. Just as we have done some  of that work in the State of Minnesota, we can do that nationally. We  can make improvements to small business rates. Those are things we can  do, but we cannot do it if we can't get through the door because the  door is closed. When the door is closed, it is not just closed to the  Democrats and Republicans in the Senate, but the door is closed to the  American people.   What it all comes down to is that we need to work in a bipartisan way  to make healthcare better and less expensive for the people in our  country. Last week, we all came together. I was at that Congressional  Baseball Game. It was an amazing moment, with 25,000 people in the  stands. All four leaders were out there looking like they actually  liked each other. There they were, and there our teams were--two teams,  a Republican team and a Democratic team. In the end it was a hard  fought game. One team won. The Democratic team won, but do you know  what they did with their trophy? They handed it to the Republican team,  and they said: Put it in Representative Scalise's office.   We want to take that spirit and go even further--instead of two  teams, one team for America. That is the way we make the changes to an  issue that has been long fought on both sides. I know Republicans  weren't happy with everything that happened during the debate on the  Affordable Care Act. They have made that clear. But now we have a  moment in time where we could come together and make some sensible  changes and make things better for the people of this country. Let's do  it.   I yield the floor.   