 Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of charges and allegations  being made about what this bill would do, and the reality, Mr. Speaker,  is we are living today in the world that they have created on the other  side of this aisle. We are living today in a world with skyrocketing  costs, plummeting choices, and broken promises across the board.   When you talk about the situation with respect to women in  particular, when you talk about what is going to happen with maternity  care and with child care, Mr. Speaker, there is a fundamental  difference between what they believe on that side of the aisle and what  we believe over here.   What we believe over here is that every American--every individual,  and in that, we Republicans include women--we think women ought to have  the right to make their own choices and their own decisions about care.  We know that the kinds of insurance--the so-called insurance--that has  been provided under ObamaCare means that women have been denied access  to things like maternity care. When you can only get a policy with a  $6,000 deductible, that is not care and that is not insurance.   This bill today is fundamental to being able to keep our promises to  the American people, to being able to ensure that we have returned  authority, we have returned power, and, yes, resources into the hands  of individuals so people in Wyoming--in my home State--and all across  this country can make their own healthcare decisions and no longer be  forced to purchase things they don't want, don't need, and can't use to  get coverage.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster).   Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, all due respect to my  colleague from Wyoming, it is not liberty for a woman to be forced to  go to work within weeks of having a child. That is what this bill would  do.   Mr. Speaker, it is not liberty for people over 50 years old to be  required to pay increased fees and increased expenses simply to go to  the hospital, and it is not liberty to have their essential health  benefits stripped away. They might not even be able to go to a  hospital. It is not liberty for 7 million veterans to have a vets tax,  to have their benefits stripped away from an amendment that was  introduced in the middle of the night. That is not liberty. Vote ``no''  on this bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).   