 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the  bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the families and communities  across the Nation that are confronting a public health threat of our  time: the heroin, fentanyl, and prescription opioid crisis.   This motion would simply ensure that the health insurance plans that  today's bill would permit must still cover substance use disorder  treatment, including for opioids, as an essential health benefit.   Under current law, we require insurers to cover this treatment.  Before the Affordable Care Act, many insurers either didn't cover  treatment at all or imposed onerous requirements that blocked people  from getting needed care.   H.R. 1101 would roll back that guarantee. It would allow association  health plans to return to the kind of skimpy coverage that left so many  people struggling with an opioid disorder in dire straits at critical  moments. We know there is often a narrow window of opportunity--after  an overdose, for example--for someone to commit to treatment, and these  are the moments when being able to make a single phone call can make  all the difference.   This week's debate about health care is extremely important. Will we  decide to work together to improve the American people's access to  quality, affordable health care or weaken benefits and kick 24 million  or more of our constituents off their plans? We all need to speak up on  behalf of those whose lives have been turned around because they can  now access health care.   As I talk to families, medical professionals, and law enforcement  officials in my district, I hear stories that highlight the dramatic  impact that improved access to coverage has had in making treatment a  real option for people with substance use disorder. This week, we see  that base of coverage is under serious threat. In fact, experts  estimate that repealing the Affordable Care Act's coverage provisions  would cause about 2.8 million Americans with a substance use disorder  to lose some or all of their coverage. The quality of that coverage is  also at risk.  [[Page H2329]]    Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, insurance must now cover treatment  for behavioral health and substance use disorder, just the same as it  would cover any other medical service. These parity protections mean  insurers must cover treatment for substance use disorder with  comparable cost-sharing, with no surprises like annual visit limits,  higher copays, or frequent preauthorization requirements and medical  necessity reviews.   Badly needed facilities are opening because plans now cover these  services. I recently visited a recovery home for pregnant women and new  mothers in my district. They were able to open the doors this year in  my hometown only because it could rely on Medicaid expansion.  Legislation like H.R. 1101 would cause fewer people to have this  coverage, meaning fewer facilities can open and treat.   Many of you know that my home State of New Hampshire is on the front  lines of the heroin, fentanyl, and prescription opioid crisis. Our  communities are struggling, and helping people get treatment is key to  turning the tide. I have met people who couldn't be in a recovery  facility without Medicaid expansion.   Today, Members of Congress can say to my constituents in New  Hampshire and their constituents across this great Nation: we hear you.  We know your sons and daughters, your nieces and nephews, your  neighbors and friends are struggling, and we have your back.   We believe all Americans deserve good health insurance they can count  on when they need it most. We aren't going to pull the rug out from  under people who are about to turn their lives around.   I urge my colleagues to support this motion, which would not delay  passage of the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   