 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his extraordinary leadership as our ranking member on the  Armed Services Committee. I thank him for his leadership in trying to  help define what our security mission is so that we have the resources  that are necessary to honor our oath of office to protect and defend.   Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Thornberry as well for his leadership in the  defense of our country. The bipartisanship in defending our country is  something that we value, and any interference with that is unfortunate.   It takes a special kind of person, my colleagues, who steps forward  to serve in the U.S. military. They are men and women of courage, of  strength, and of patriotism, who shoulder the burden of defending  our liberties so that the rest of us can live in security and freedom.    We owe these heroes an immense debt, a solemn responsibility to do  everything we can to defend those who are risking and giving their  lives for the United States of America.   The Defense bill before us today should be about honoring that  responsibility, protecting those who protect our national security;  instead, here we are considering a Republican amendment purpose-built  to attack the health and dignity of thousands of men and women serving  with honor and courage today.   Make no mistake, the effect and the intent of this unjust and mean- spirited amendment is to ban patriotic Americans from serving our  country. It is designed to drum transgender servicemembers out of the  military.   Instead of protecting the men and women who risk their lives to  defend our freedoms, they are fighting to rip away the healthcare of  thousands of brave servicemembers.   The integration of openly transgender servicemembers into our Armed  Forces is the unfinished work of the bipartisan--and I commend our  colleagues--efforts to repeal the discriminatory Don't Ask, Don't Tell  policy.   I call upon my Republican colleagues that you immediately withdraw  this cruel, discriminatory, and appalling amendment.   If not, I call upon all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  defeat this amendment, prevent this assault on transgender  servicemembers, and get us back to the subject at hand, which is the  defense of our country, which the distinguished chairman, Mr.  Thornberry, and ranking member have served this Congress and our  country so well in doing.   