 Mr. President, let me say first that I join with the  distinguished Senator from West Virginia in expressing concern about  our water infrastructure and water issues. As many of us know, we have  had terrific challenges in Flint, MI, with an entire water system being  unable to be used because of lead poisoning and the terrible decisions  made, primarily at the State level.   I was very concerned--when I speak about Mr. Pruitt and his  nomination--that when asked by Senator Cardin if he believes there is  any safe level of lead that can be taken into the human body,  particularly a young person, he said that this is something he hasn't  reviewed and doesn't know anything about. That is deeply concerning to  me--that the person who would be heading the EPA would not know  anything about lead poisoning and what that means, first of all, in a  child's body, where it is poisoned and affects their development  throughout their life. It is critically important for us in Michigan-- and there are many, many places where there are serious water quality  issues that need to be addressed--that we have someone who understands  the science and the need for clean water rules and protecting our  waters so that any family, any community can have the confidence of  turning on the faucet and knowing that there is going to be clean water  coming out into their sink in their home. It is very concerning to me  that we have a nominee who indicated that he really didn't know  anything about this issue.   So for that and a number of reasons--many, many reasons--I am joining  with so many colleagues in opposing Scott Pruitt to be the next  Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.   The EPA Administrator is a very important position. As I indicated,  to those of us in Michigan, surrounded by the beauty of the Great  Lakes, having the responsibility for protecting the Great Lakes, this  is a very, very important position.   After examining Mr. Pruitt's record on a broad range of issues, as  well as  [[Page S1236]]  his views about the Agency he has been nominated to lead, I have  significant concerns about the direction and the priorities the EPA  would take if he becomes Administrator.   Now, this is not based on partisan politics. When George W. Bush was  President, I joined 98 of my colleagues to vote to confirm Christie  Todd Whitman to be EPA Administrator. Two years later, I was among 87  other Members of the Senate to vote to confirm Michael Leavitt to  succeed her at the EPA.   But the facts are--the evidence is--that Scott Pruitt does not have  the requisite experience and track record to successfully lead an  Agency that plays such a critical role in protecting the health and the  well-being of the American people, and, certainly, the people that I  represent in the great State of Michigan.   As I mentioned before, we are very, very familiar with the importance  of clean water and the consequences of environmental mismanagement. We  need an EPA that will act quickly when there is a crisis like the one  that happened in Flint, which is, unfortunately, still going on. This  was a manmade crisis inflicted by the State of Michigan's actions on a  number of different levels that created a situation where the State  would rather save $100 a day than treat the water for lead  corrosion. So $100 a day they wanted to save rather than treat the  water to prevent children and families from being exposed to lead- tainted water. This was a State decision.    Mr. Pruitt has made it clear that it is his intention to defer as  much as possible to States--to States like Michigan, which didn't treat  the water, then didn't tell the truth, then covered it up, and still  has not done--despite Congress and the President together acting to  support that community, the State still has not stepped up to meet  their responsibilities. After more than 2 years, people still cannot  turn on the faucet and have confidence that they are going to have  clean water. Yet Mr. Pruitt says the State ought to be the one making  these decisions.   While I firmly believe an effective EPA is one that works closely and  often in concert with State and local communities, we must also be sure  we have leadership at the EPA that is willing and capable of providing  the oversight necessary to ensure environmental and public health  standards.   We also need an EPA Administrator whom we can trust to protect and  preserve our amazing Great Lakes. Critical to this objective is a grant  program administered by the EPA called Great Lakes Restoration  Initiative. I was very pleased to champion and help launch this in 2010  with strong support from the Obama administration. This accelerates  efforts to protect and restore the Great Lakes by providing grants to  clean up contaminated areas; prevent and control invasive species,  things like Asian carp, which we are constantly having to focus on to  push back these fish from destroying our fisheries and boating  operations and environments in the Great Lakes; to address harmful  algae blooms and restore habitat; and to protect native species.   Scott Pruitt's long record of opposing nearly all Federal  environmental programs raises serious questions to me about his  commitment to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and all of the  efforts we have worked on in a bipartisan, bicameral way to make sure  we are protecting 20 percent of the world's freshwater, 30 million  people's drinking water, and a huge economic engine called the Great  Lakes.   I always like to say the Great Lakes are in our DNA, and that is very  true for all of us who live in Michigan and certainly around the Great  Lakes because we understand that this great natural resource supports  more than 1.5 million jobs and nearly $62 billion in wages tied to jobs  and industries, and, frankly, it reflects our wonderful quality of life  in Michigan.   I also have great concerns about Mr. Pruitt's long-running opposition  to the landmark renewable fuel standard, which puts him at odds with  the Agency that administers the program. The President promised us a  farmer-friendly EPA. Yet this nominee to lead the Agency wants to  dismantle one of the most successful economic drivers in rural America.  Mr. Pruitt has repeatedly spoken out against the renewable fuel  standard, calling the program flawed and unworkable.   Mr. Pruitt heading up EPA, coupled with former ExxonMobil executive  Rex Tillerson at the State Department and oil refinery owner Carl Icahn  advising the White House, may well be the end of the RFS as we know it.  That is, frankly, bad news for biofuels producers in Michigan, bad news  for Americans who care about creating economic growth and jobs in rural  communities, and bad news for small towns and communities throughout  Michigan. Mr. Pruitt's record of siding with polluters over sound  science puts him outside the mainstream of what we should expect from  our EPA Administrator.   It is for these reasons that I intend to vote against his nomination,  and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   