 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues to  speak about the need to ensure that the policies that we make in this  Chamber work for and support rural America.   Senators Stabenow, Heitkamp, and I are all from the Midwest--the  heartland. We represent the people who are truly in the middle of this  country--the middle of the country economically, politically--and who  are often middle-income people who need representatives who are focused  on what matters to them.   Each year I visit all 87 counties in my State, and I hear a lot. I  hear about dads who can't be sure their sons or daughters will have the  support they need to take over the family farm when the time comes,  small business owners who can't get a broadband connection, moms who  can't figure out how to pay for their kids' prescriptions when the  costs go up, and manufacturers who can't find workers to fill jobs.   Rural America has been left behind. The poverty rate in their areas  for kids is higher than it is in urban areas. Businesses may not invest  when they can't get reliable internet access or they can't get the  right people to support their operation. Housing is hard to come by.   We should be focused on supporting our farmers and ensuring that  people can raise a family in a small town and have the healthcare they  need. We should be making sure that high-quality education is  attainable and that job training options are available and affordable.  We should be able to provide every person in this country with a clear  path to a good job.   Unfortunately, from the administration we have seen a disconnect  between rhetoric and policy. We have seen a budget that hits the  heartland with 21 percent cuts in the Department of Agriculture--cuts  to grant programs that support rural homeownership, provide clean  drinking water and wastewater systems, and promote access to critical  services such as rural hospitals. It eliminates rural business programs  that help create hundreds of thousands of jobs. If enacted, these cuts  would have a damaging impact on rural communities throughout the  country.   Rural communities help our country get ahead. They are the backbone  of our country. We need to work to find common ground on these issues,  and we need a budget that helps and not hurts the heartland.   I see my colleague from Michigan, Senator Stabenow, is here as well.    Mr. President, while I join Senator Stabenow in her  remarks, I want to thank her for her tremendous leadership on the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee and for working across  the aisle with Chairman Roberts. The two of them, I have no doubt, will  be able to come to an agreement and keep working on getting an even  stronger farm bill. It took some Herculean efforts to get the last farm  bill done, and it would not have happened without her. I appreciate  what she said about the importance of the farm bill and the USDA.   I would also add another important pillar of strong rural economics,  and that is job training.   Starting with high school, I think we all have to come to grips with  the fact that not every kid wants to get a 4-year degree. In fact, we  have so many openings across this country--millions of job openings-- whether it be on a plant floor, whether it be as a plumber or as a  welder, that can be obtained with a 1-year or a 2-year degree. My own  sister did not graduate from high school. She went on, years later, and  got her GED, and then she went on to get a 2-year degree. After that,  she got 2 more years of training and became an accountant. There is not  just one path in America.   Part of this is investing in STEM--science, technology, engineering,  and mathematics--and doing it early so that kids get a jump start on  the jobs of tomorrow. By the way, this is not just your Ph.D.s and  Silicon Valley jobs. This also includes blue-collar jobs. I call it  blue STEM. There is a shortage, as I said, of welders and auto  mechanics, and those can be good-paying jobs. We need to talk about  them with dignity, and we have to realize that this is where the  openings are.   The other piece of this, in addition to training kids in high school,  is to make sure we have apprenticeship programs available. This year, a  report came out in my State that 68 percent of Minnesota manufacturers  found it was difficult for them to find workers with the right skills  and experience. That is up from 40 percent in 2010.   I see that Senator Heitkamp is here. As they are starting to add some  more jobs in the oil patch in North Dakota, it is going to become even  harder to find Minnesotans to fill some of our jobs because some of  them like to go over to North Dakota.   Senator Collins and I have introduced a bill called the American  Apprenticeship Act, which would expand tuition assistance for pre- apprenticeship and apprenticeship programs. The President has talked  about workforce development as being a priority. Yet we have seen a cut  of 15 percent in Department of Education grants for career and  technical education, as well as a 36-percent cut to Labor Department  funding for training and employment services.   As I noted before, there is this disconnect between the rhetoric we  hear and what we are reading in the black and white of this budget. I  know there are people on both sides of the aisle here, including the  Senator from North Dakota, who want to work on bridging that difference  and getting a good budget done that really helps rural America.   I see Senator Heitkamp is here, and I thank her for coming. Senator  Heitkamp serves on the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee.  She was an integral part of the last farm bill and will be an integral  part of this as well as in really understanding the economics within a  rural State.    Mr. President, I again thank Senator Heitkamp for her  understanding not just of farm policy but also the importance of  keeping towns strong, manufacturing strong, and transportation strong.   I will note that the infrastructure portions of this budget are very  concerning. The point has been made by others that right now, under the  proposed budget, at a time when our deteriorating infrastructure is  costing our economy a lot of money--not just congestion, not just  potholes, but in delaying getting goods to market--unfortunately, this  budget proposal would cut funding for vital transportation programs.   It will eliminate funding for the TIGER Grant Program. Currently, the  program provides $500 million per year to help fund local  transportation priorities. It eliminates funding for Essential Air  Service, which helps support commercial air service to rural airports.  It eliminates the Federal Transit Administration's Capital Investment  Grant Program, which funds light rail, heavy rail, commuter rail,  street car, and bus rapid transit projects. We can't wait any longer to  make critical investments in our infrastructure.   Probably right up there with any of these infrastructure needs in  rural America is broadband. Internet access is a great equalizing force  for creating jobs and leveling the playing field. There is a big  digital gap when it comes to rural America. I know the percentages;  close to 40 percent of Americans in rural areas do not have access to  high-speed broadband. It used to be that slow speed would be OK if  someone were trying to email their kid in school maybe 10, 15 years  ago, but this is not true anymore. Now, if you want to do your work, if  you want to go to the hospital--whatever you want to do in rural  America, you are going to have to have high-speed internet.   I think about the doctor in Brainerd, MN, who for so long could look  at x rays in the hospital but couldn't look at them in his home. If he  had some emergency and wanted to talk to someone when he got home that  evening, he had to go to the McDonald's parking lot to be able to do  that.   There was a student at one of our reservations who got Wi-Fi in his  house, looked out the window, and all of a sudden all these kids were  doing their homework in his front yard. That is just not right. Rural  Americans deserve equal footing so they can launch new businesses,  export their goods, or just Skype with their loved ones.   This is about the farm bill, yes, but it is also about this budget  and making sure this budget works for all Americans and leaves no one  behind.   Sadly, these cuts are specifically targeted at rural America. That is  why we are going to fight to make sure, hopefully on a bipartisan basis  with colleagues on the Republican side, we produce a budget that is  fair to everyone.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   