 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak on the  nomination of Rick Perry, Governor of Texas, to be the Secretary of  Energy. I just heard my colleague talking a little bit about the  nomination process and hearings and the Cabinet. I want to emphasize  that we have never seen a Cabinet quite like this--with their  connections to the private sector, their financial holdings, a variety  of other things.   The American people deserve for us to do a good job of digging into  the backgrounds of the various nominees so that the people know who  exactly the President has chosen to run these important government  agencies. We are going to continue this process both for Cabinet-level  nominees and also those nominated to serve in sub-Cabinet positions.   I am here today to speak about the nominee to serve as Secretary of  Energy--Governor Rick Perry of Texas. Most people probably remember  Governor Perry for his famous quip during a Presidential debate during  which he announced he wanted to get rid of three agencies, but could  not remember that the Department of Energy was one of them.   So he became famous for forgetting that he wanted to abolish the  Department of Energy. In some ways, this allowed everyone to focus on  exactly how important the Department of Energy is to our Nation. The  Department's vital missions not only help us with the R&D of the  future, but also with our national security. The national laboratories  that are overseen by the Department drive our leadership in a global  economy. They are based on innovation and play a vital role across the  Nation for people who rely on affordable and efficient energy to heat  their homes, run their appliances, and connect to the internet.  [[Page S1554]]    The Department of Energy safeguards our nuclear arsenal. It also is  responsible for cleaning up the waste generated by our nuclear weapons  complex facilities that helped us win World War II and the cold war.  The Department also plays a key role in protecting our energy  infrastructure from cyber attacks. It also makes important  contributions to our understanding of climate science, enabling the  collection and management of data needed to understand our changing  environment and is a major driver of innovation.   Before Mr. Perry was even nominated, the transition team was already  targeting Department of Energy climate scientists. The transition team  sought a list of those Department employees and contractors that had  worked on climate change issues during the Obama Administration. This  came across as an attempt to try to shut down those climate scientists  and target them in a Trump Administration.   Silencing scientists is outrageous. We need an Energy Secretary who  is not only going to protect the scientists who work at DOE no matter  what their responsibility is but who is also going to make sure we use  that important data for research and for mitigating the impacts of  climate change on our coastal communities and pristine areas. Climate  change is already producing significant impacts in the State of  Washington and throughout the West. We need scientists working on this  issue to get our States and local governments the best data and  information possible.   As I previously mentioned, the Department of Energy is also an  important driver of innovation. There is so much happening in the areas  of smart buildings and modernizing our grid and resiliency and energy  efficiency.   The thing that concerned me most about Governor Perry was his  unwillingness to commit wholeheartedly to preserving the Electricity  Office and the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy within  the Department. We need these offices and their R&D so that the U.S.  can continue to create jobs in our growing energy economy.   Continued aggressive research and development is necessary if we are  going to become more energy efficient and consumers are going to have  access to reliable and affordable electricity. We need a Secretary who  is going to emphatically push the Trump administration in the proper  direction. That is exactly what we wanted to hear from Governor Perry  in the Energy committee. Four members of the committee asked about his  commitment to these programs. Unfortunately, the nominee dodged the  questions. I followed up with Governor Perry after his confirmation  hearing, and he still failed to provide a commitment to fight for these  important programs. So I regret that I will not be able to support this  nominee.   We need to make sure that the United States will continue to support  the R&D, the scientists, the investments in electric grid  modernization, and the investments in cyber security that are going to  help make our Nation safe and our economy strong. I urge my colleagues  to oppose this nomination, and I hope that we can move forward on  making sure that we have an aggressive energy strategy for the future.   With that, I see my colleague from Washington. I would like to yield  some time to her.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for coming to the  floor and for her statement on this important issue. She and I are  partners in making sure that Hanford waste is cleaned up. We so much  want to continue to make progress on this important issue for our  State. Having dealt  [[Page S1555]]  with previous Energy Secretaries, we know that it is always a fight to  make sure that Hanford gets the priority it deserves, so I thank her  for that.   I want to resume my comments about the key functions the Department  of Energy performs and why it is vitally important that the agency  succeeds in its missions, rather than be dismantled by a President who  may not understand the significance of the work the Department does.   I am speaking specifically about the Department of Energy's programs  to enhance our energy efficiency, promote renewable energy innovation,  mobilize, modernize and bolster the security of our electricity grid,  and continue to make significant advancements in science. I have spoken  to Governor Perry on a couple of occasions, but, as I mentioned  earlier, I failed to hear him commit to these essential DOE programs.   Our Nation's energy sector is undergoing an unbelievable  transformation from fossil fuels. These changes are giving consumers  more choice and lower energy bills and producing a more robust job- creation environment.   There are now 2.2 million Americans who work in the energy efficiency  industry alone. In fact, energy efficiency accounted for 14 percent of  all new jobs created in this country last year. That is an incredible  number. We need to continue making investments in smart cars and smart  buildings and homes of the future and how they are going to be  integrated to reduce energy use and lower bills.   We just had a hearing this morning in the Commerce Committee and  talked about broadband and white space and the continued development of  the mobile economy and how we need to continue to take advantage of  those advancements, particularly in rural communities.   The solar power workforce is also growing at a rapid rate. Last year,  1 out of every 50 new jobs in the United States was from solar power.  The solar industry now employs more people than the oil and gas  extraction or coal mining industries. These are important economic  sectors.   In the last administration, the Energy Department's Quadrennial  Energy Review estimated that 1.5 million new energy jobs will need to  be filled, many of which will be in emerging energy technologies that  will help define our clean energy economy. There are approximately  60,000 people in my home State of Washington who are employed in the  clean energy sector. In fact, clean energy employment is growing twice  as fast as the overall job rate in the State of Washington.   We have made too much progress, we have come too far in continuing to  advance these important technologies to reverse course now. These  advancements are going to help drive more savings and efficiency for  consumers and businesses so they can be competitive. We must have  leadership at the Department of Energy making sure that progress  continues.   I take Governor Perry at his word that he has now been fully briefed  and he no longer believes the Department of Energy should be abolished.  But his testimony raised questions about whether he will fight to  protect the Department's essential programs from ideologues in a Trump  administration that want to defund and eliminate these programs.   To better understand these challenges, let's briefly review the  history. Just before the President was elected, the transition team's  energy group sent a memo outlining 14 energy and environmental  initiatives the new administration would be pushing. The memo pointed  out that the Trump administration was going to eliminate and rescind  and relax several Obama administration initiatives that are important  to energy efficiency, important to reducing greenhouse gases, and  require agencies to take the costs associated with climate into  account. Shortly afterwards, the transition team sent an unprecedented  questionnaire to the Energy Department, targeting scientists and civil  servants who worked on these issues and asked the Obama administration  to identify them.   The morning of Governor Perry's hearing, we awoke to news that the  President's team was working on a proposal to eliminate the Office of  Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and the Office of Electricity.  So all those jobs I previously mentioned that are key in my State, key  in the United States, and, I guarantee you, key to the U.S. economy's  competitiveness in the future, would be at risk. Driving down the cost  of electricity and keeping our businesses competitive is key to our  Nation's economic strategy. I know that as a Senator who comes from a  State with very affordable electricity. It has built our economy over  and over and over and over again.   If you think about how our manufacturers have to compete in a global  economy and look at where some of the manufacturing has gone or where  our competition exists, these issues of cost-effective and efficient  energy are key to our competitiveness as a nation.   We have seen in the State of California unbelievable results from  energy efficiency. It is far cheaper to save a kilowatt of energy than  it is to produce one, and this key factor is what has made California  the leader in our Nation in energy efficiency and helped California  businesses to be competitive. So we do not want to eliminate the Office  of Energy Efficiency or the Office of Electricity.   As I said earlier, we tried to get Governor Perry to take a solid  stance on these issues and commit wholeheartedly to fighting any  attempt to do away with these important offices, but he failed to make  a commitment.   During the President's very first hour in office, the administration  announced it was going to eliminate the Obama administration's climate  action plan. This plan even included a program started by President  George H.W. Bush--the Global Climate Research Initiative to assess and  predict the impacts of climate change in the future.   This is not a partisan issue. President George W. Bush called on  Congress to enact energy efficiency legislation, which he subsequently  signed into law, and based on bipartisan energy legislation passed in  2005 and 2007, we improved lighting efficiency by 70 percent and  increased fuel efficiency standards for automobiles. So I don't  understand why the Trump administration is apparently so hostile to  energy efficiency.   The Energy Department's energy efficiency programs are expected to  save American consumers $2 trillion on their utility bills by 2030 and  reduce carbon emissions by 7.3 billion tons over the same period. That  is equivalent to taking 1.6 billion cars off the road. The fact that  businesses could save $2 trillion by reducing their utility bills in  the future is something we should all be passionate about. Our  manufacturing base needs to remain competitive.   In addition, the Bush administration worked to get the United States  and China--the two biggest greenhouse gas emitters--to work together on  clean energy solutions. President Bush also chose in his State of the  Union Address to be an advocate for energy efficiency, electric  vehicles, biofuels, R&D, and a clean energy economy. I now appreciate  even more now how much he advocated for those programs. It seems  strange now to see a new Republican administration that seems so  single-mindedly against these important energy advancements that are  going to help our economy.   The Department of Energy also plays an essential role in protecting  the electric grid from cyber and physical attacks. The Office of  Electricity plays a very key role for our Nation, and, as we know,  there is a full-throated debate about what cyber security attacks can  do to the United States of America.   These issues about how some regime could undermine our U.S. democracy  are critical. We need to address it, and we need to be aggressive as a  nation about it.   The Office of Electricity plays a key role, and we want the  Department of Energy to be aggressive in asserting its leadership on  cyber security. If you are not committed to the Office of Electricity,  if you are not committed to these vital programs, how are you going to  be committed to protecting us on cyber security?   It should not have been difficult for Governor Perry to speak more  urgently about these programs or to say he disagreed with the  administration's reported desire to cut them. For instance, he spoke  eloquently about energy diversification and pointed us to his record as  Governor. But, as I looked  [[Page S1556]]  back at his record, I noticed that he tried to add 11 new coal plants,  8 of which were subsequently canceled after a court overturned his  executive order expediting the coal permitting process. This is the  kind of leadership we cannot afford at the Department of Energy. That  is not about holding on to the past; we need a plan for the future.   Finally, I want to mention President Trump's recent Executive order  regarding the National Security Council. While it is within the  discretion of the President to structure his National Security Council  as he sees fit, the Secretary of Energy is a member of the National  Security Council by virtue of statute. The President's Executive order  removed the Secretary of Energy from the principals committee and what  under the Obama administration was called the senior interagency forum  for considering policy issues that affect the national security  interests of the United States.   I can guarantee you that energy is an issue of national security. We  need leadership out of the Department of Energy to be strategic on  electricity, transmission, and cyber security.   The Department of Energy's technical expertise is vast and is not  limited to the implementation of the Iran deal. The Department plays a  key role on nuclear security issues.   I take the Governor at his word that he will come to Hanford, that he  will look for funding to make sure that cleanup happens, and I take him  at his word that he does want to work with Members of Congress.   Unfortunately, his unwillingness to commit to critical offices at the  Department that are responsible for important scientific research,  giving our government and our communities more data and information  about climate science, making the investments we need in our  electricity grid of the future, is something that concerns me about his  nomination. I cannot support Governor Perry.   I know so much will get boiled down to this sound bite of him being  the nominee of an agency that he said he wanted to abolish and then, at  the same time, could not even remember the agency. I guarantee you, the  Energy Department is a vital, functioning program not just for today's  energy needs, but as the quadrennial review said, for our future energy  needs.   So we could have an Energy Secretary who is going to help us with the  transformation, protecting us on cyber security, making sure our  businesses reap the benefits of greater energy efficiency, and, when it  comes to the electricity grid of the future, making sure we plan for  those 1.5 million jobs that are going to be needed. But those aren't  the commitments we have had from Governor Perry.   I hope my colleagues will recognize that this nomination is not the  direction the Department of Energy needs to go in and oppose Governor  Perry for the Department of Energy.   Madam President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, speaking in opposition to the Perry  nomination, I would say this: We need an Energy Secretary for the 21st  century, one who will help protect us by fighting for an electricity  grid that will make our entire Internet economy more reliable and safe  from cyber attacks. We need someone who is invested in an energy  efficiency strategy that will save our businesses money and make them  competitive.   The last two Presidents made energy efficiency a key priority-- President Bush by advocating for plug-in vehicles and energy efficiency  legislation and President Obama, who made a major investment in the  smart grid and made energy efficiency and creating clean energy jobs a  top priority for the Nation.   Governor Perry has not committed to those same principles, to move us  forward into the 21st century energy economy. We don't want this part  of our economy to be left behind to our international competitors.   I encourage my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   