 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, President Trump is expected to issue an  Executive order directing the Department of the Interior to review all  of the national monuments issued over the past 20 years, to see whether  those monuments should be reduced in size or repealed. It is clear to  me that many of us know the value of our public lands. But I am  questioning whether our President understands that trying to illegally  roll back those national monuments--some of the most treasured lands in  our country--is something we should not do.   This shortsighted move is a pretext to attacking the designation of  the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah, which is sacred to the five  tribes that form the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition, and is a  breathtaking site for all Americans who come to experience what is the  unbelievable, unique beauty of the West.   Whether they are there hiking or climbing or vacationing, it is a  special place. But President Trump's Executive order is expected to go  even further than just Bears Ears, reviewing any designation in the  last 20 years, threatening the question of the San Juan Islands or  Hanford Reach National Monuments and the creation of other sites around  the United States and threatening our economy.  [[Page S2503]]    Time and again, the Trump administration is pushing for policies that  are harmful to our recreation economy and a disaster for our pristine  places, and it sets a terrible precedent for future conservation  efforts.   The Antiquities Act is one of our Nation's most successful  conservation laws. It was signed into law in 1906 by President Theodore  Roosevelt to designate Devils Tower in Wyoming as our Nation's first  national monument.   In the 110 years since its enactment, the Antiquities Act has been a  very useful tool by 16 different Presidents--eight Republicans, eight  Democrats--to designate more than 140 national monuments, including, as  I mentioned, the San Juan Islands and Hanford Reach in the State of  Washington.   Nearly half of all of our national parks, including national icons  such as the Grand Canyon or Olympic National Park, were first  designated as national monuments under the Antiquities Act. So it is a  very helpful tool to making sure we preserve those special places. I  will note, too, that only 4 percent of all land in the United States is  set aside this way, designated as part of the national park system or  as a national monument.   So, of all the lands in the United States, we are asking to protect 4  percent of the lands, that are these unique special places, to be  persevered for the American public and not turned over to special  interests for oil and gas mining.   I also think it is important to note that the Antiquities Act gives  the President the authority to make sure that these monuments are  designated because from time to time there are those who do not believe  in these special places.   I note that when the Grand Canyon was being considered, an editorial  in that time period editorialized: ``The idea of protecting the Grand  Canyon represents a fiendish and diabolical scheme.'' Now, I don't  think that is what Americans think today about the Grand Canyon, nor do  they think that it is something that hasn't enriched the lives of  millions of Americans over the years or added to our economy and  tourism. So I find it ironic that the same people think that the  designation of Bears Ears is somehow a ``fiendish and diabolical  scheme.''   Well, what I know is that the President is wrong to think he can use  the Antiquities Act in reverse. In 1938, an Attorney General's opinion  was issued stating that the President did not have the authority to use  it in reverse.   So I think any attempt by the Trump administration to modify or  revoke earlier national monument proposals is without the legal  authority to do so. But I also want to make sure that we are talking  about how important and how special Bears Ears is. It is a monument of  true significance. It encompasses 1.3 million acres of beautiful desert  hills, mesas, and sandstone canyons in southeastern Utah and is home to  some of the most spiritually significant lands of the local Tribes and  some of the best rock climbing in the world.    Bears Ears encompasses Native American archaeological sites dating  back at least 13,000 years. The area is covered in rock art,  petroglyphs and pictographs, cliff dwellings, and artifacts. So if  nothing else, those special places should be preserved.   It is also special to many of the early inhabitants of that area: the  Ute Tribe, the Navajo Tribe, the Uintah Ouray Tribe, the Hopi Tribe,  and the Zuni Tribe. Bears Ears is important to these Tribal members for  sacred ceremonies, and hunting, and fishing.   Bears Ears also continues to be one of the richest paleontological  resources in our Nation, with fossil records dating back millions of  years. So it is easy to see why it is so important that this special  place was designated.   In addition to its historical and cultural significance, Bears Ears  is also a world-class recreation resource visited by rock climbers from  all over the world. It is also visited by hunters, hikers, canyoneers,  white water rafters, mountain bikers, and the entire conservation  community. That is why the Outdoor Retailer show, which had previously  located its biannual event in Utah, decided after two decades that they  were pulling out. That is right. They are pulling out their $40 million  contribution to the Utah economy because they are against the efforts  by many in Utah to oppose the Bears Ears monument and try to get the  President to reverse the Antiquities Act and then use that Federal land  for oil and gas exploration. I was so proud to see the outdoor industry  take such a bold step. Companies like REI, Patagonia, Black Diamond,  and Outdoor Research really made a big and bold statement. They decided  that if a State was going to attack the very economy that was so  important to their jobs in recreation, they were going to do something  about it.   I agree with the Salt Lake Tribune editorial on the Outdoor  Retailer's decision, which said that the debate over public lands is  about ``who we are and where we are headed. To get there, we need  leaders with a better appreciation of the magnificent gifts God has  given everyone, not just Utahans.''   So what is ironic and, frankly, a bit sad is that at the same time  the Trump administration is waging war on our public lands and fighting  imaginary ones, like the War on Coal, we have new data on just what an  economic engine the recreation industry has become. Just today, the  Outdoor Industry Association released a new report on the economic  contributions of the recreation economy. Today, the recreation industry  generates $887 billion in consumer spending every year. That is up more  than $200 billion--from $646 billion--since the last time the study was  done a few years ago. What does this tell us? Not only do more  Americans enjoy recreation on our public lands, but an economy has been  built around it, and it continues to grow and thrive, with new  products, new services, and more comfortable and innovative ways to  enjoy the outdoors. The outdoor recreation economy is responsible for  7.6 million jobs in this country. That is a growth of 1.5 million jobs  since the last time the report was done.   Meanwhile, the Trump administration seems perfectly content to do the  bidding of these natural resources industries instead of focusing on  these jobs and these recreational opportunities that are booming. In  fact, the clean energy economy is now supporting more jobs than fossil  fuels in 26 States and the District of Columbia. So it is an economy  that exists in many parts of our country.   On top of this effort to try and weaken these national monument  designations and use the Antiquities Act in reverse, the President is  also expected to gut some of our key investments in science and  innovation that are also helping us grow in new ways.   I will tell you that pollution is not an economic strategy. We cannot  turn the economy of the past into hope for the future. What we need to  do is make sure we are paying attention to the unique resources that  these special places represent and the great heritage of both  Democratic and Republican administrations, which have done great work  by protecting places like the Grand Canyon and Bears Ears.   I hope all of my colleagues will realize that this is a futile effort  and that these special places do not belong only to us. They do not  belong to the people who are here on the Senate floor. They belong to  generations and generations of Americans.   To those great Presidents--Republican and Democratic--who made those  decisions and created those special places for all of us, thank you. I  hope that some future generation will be standing here thanking us for  protecting Bears Ears and all of the national monument designations  that have taken place over the last two decades.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   