 Mr. President, today is a terrible day. It is a terrible  day for millions of working families in this country. They just want  Congress to work for them. It is a terrible day for people who just  want to get on with their lives and not have Congress cost them even  more money.   It is a terrible day for millions of hard-working people, but it is a  great day for giant multinational corporations and billionaires who  fund Republican campaigns across this country. Today is their day.  Every fundraiser, every fat check from a billionaire, and every  champagne-and-caviar party has been about getting to this day--the day  when the politicians whom they put in charge of Washington would pay  them back with a $1.5 trillion giveaway.   Supporters of this bill call it tax reform. It is not tax reform. It  is a heist--a heist that steals from millions  [[Page S8124]]  of middle-class families and hands that money over to the wealthy; a  heist that will hurt Medicare and Social Security and reduce healthcare  coverage by 13 million people in order to hand over money to giant  corporations that are already rolling in profits; a heist that will  hurt our economy and blow a hole in our national debt.   The American people have seen through this scam. They see through  every lie that has been pushed forward. They know this bill doesn't  provide middle-class tax relief. It ultimately raises taxes on more  than 60 percent of working families in this country. They know this  bill does not promote economic growth. Nonpartisan projections have  shown that it will have a negligible impact. Even former Republican  officials admit it. They know this bill will not raise wages for  working people. Corporate CEOs have already said so. Those CEOs have  told everyone who would listen that when they get their truckloads of  money from the GOP tax bill, they will turn right around and funnel  that money to their wealthy shareholders.   They know this bill isn't even to help Americans. A third of those  shareholders who will get truckloads of money from the GOP bill don't  even live in the United States.   Over the last month and a half, we have all watched as one Republican  Senator after another has cast aside every single one of their supposed  principles to get behind this monstrosity of a bill. Real relief for  the middle class is gone. Concern about the national debt is gone.  Concern about economic growth is gone.   There is only one principle left: Reward billionaire campaign donors.  This is not a conspiracy theory. It is not a partisan attack. It is  what Republicans in Congress are saying in public to reporters. As one  of my Republican colleagues said in a moment of honesty, if they don't  pass this tax giveaway bill, ``financial contributions will stop.'' And  a Republican House Member said big donors told him to pass the tax bill  or ``don't ever call'' them again.   Let's call this out for what it is. It is government for sale. That  is how you end up with a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway to corporations at  a time of record corporate profits. It is not supposed to be this way.  Congress is elected by the people. It is supposed to represent their  interests, not those of the people and companies rich enough to fund  campaigns.   Boy, there is a lot of work for us to do. Over the last 30 years,  corporate profits have skyrocketed while wages for working people have  stayed flat. But even though corporations--not families--have been  getting richer and richer, Congress has forced families to pick up more  and more of the cost of our military, our roads and bridges, and our  schools.   Corporations used to pay about 30 percent of the cost of running the  government. Now, it is under 10 percent. But today, the politicians who  run Congress will slash corporate taxes even more and shift even more  of the burden onto working families. Working people will pay more so  that giant corporations can pay less.   There is no better example of this than the bill's treatment of Wells  Fargo. Last year, we found out that Wells Fargo had opened millions of  fake accounts so that executives could goose their sales numbers, drive  up stock prices, and rake in bigger bonuses. It turns out that Wells  Fargo had also charged half a million customers for auto insurance they  didn't need, which meant that a lot of people--including soldiers and  sailors and marines--got their cars repossessed. That sounds pretty  sleazy. But instead of holding them accountable for cheating their  customers, this Congress is on the verge of passing a tax bill that  will shower more free money on Wells Fargo than any bank in the  country. That is right. When this bill passes, the punishment to Wells  Fargo for cheating millions of Americans will be a big gift-wrapped  present worth billions of dollars in tax giveaways.   This tax bill is shameful, and it is the result of a shameful  process. There were no hearings on the bill that overhauls the Tax Code  and shifts around trillions of dollars, no input from a single  Democrat, and no time for vetting by actual tax experts.   Big-time donors are very happy with this outrageous tax heist, but  the American people are angry, and they are right to be angry. Over and  over, again and again, they watched this Congress ignore their pressing  problems, ignore children's health insurance, ignore flat wages, ignore  an opioid crisis, ignore hurricanes and wildfires, ignore working  families who are ripped apart by greedy politicians and politics built  right here in Washington. Over and over, again and again, they watch,  instead, as Washington jumps to do more favors for billionaires, more  favors for giant companies, and more favors for campaign donors.   Today is just one more terrible day for hard-working Americans, just  one more terrible day in Washington where Washington works great for  those at the top and will not lift a finger to help anyone else.  People's anger is understandable. I share it. Sooner or later, a  reckoning is coming, and I promise you this: When it does--when the  politicians who lead this Congress and vote for this tax heist are held  accountable for turning their backs on the American people who sent us  here--then we will be the kind of country we want to be. Then we will  be the kind of country we were meant to be--a democracy where everyone,  even the richest and the most powerful, pay a fair share, and where we  all work to build a better future for all of our kids.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The assistant Democratic leader.   