 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and mentor, the  gentleman from South Carolina, for his kind words and for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we deal with important issues every day in this House,  but there are few issues as meaningful to so many lives as the  Children's Health Insurance Program.   At this time the divisions in this House mimic those in our nation.   And on many issues, those divisions can be challenging to bridge.   One of my top priorities as a new Member of this body is to help  bridge those divides, instead of widening them.   I hope that my colleagues--both Democrats and Republicans--will tell  me if I fall short on that commitment.   One of the few things that does not divide us is the importance of  children's healthcare and the CHIP program.   When it was signed into law 20 years ago, this landmark legislation  meant so much to me.   First, as a mother of then 9-year-old, Alyssa, and 11-year-old, Alex  I deeply understood the fear a parent could feel with a sick child and  no insurance.   But also because at that time, I was the Deputy Secretary of Health &  Social Services for Delaware.   And I had the honor of helping implement the law and seeing thousands  of children who had never had healthcare get the coverage they  deserved.   From the 600,000 children across the nation who were the program's  first enrollees in 1998 to the nearly 9,000,000 children in 2016.   Kids across this country owe their yearly check-ups, their  immunizations, and their doctor's office lollipops to this program.   And in Delaware we owe a big debt to the CHIP program, Medicaid, and  the Affordable Care Act.   Today, 97 percent of Delaware's children obtain medical coverage  because of these programs.   In 1997, the legislation passed in a Republican Congress with a  Democratic President, highlighting how this truly was not a partisan  issue.   That's why it's disappointing to me that we aren't moving forward on  renewing the Children's Health Insurance Program with that same  reasonable, bipartisan approach.   The bill before us today forces us to choose between healthcare for  children and healthcare for other vulnerable populations.   Choosing between prevention and healthcare for kids is unacceptable-- particularly in a nation as great as ours.   I have spoken to many of you over the past 10 months.   I know that the people I have met in both political parties know--in  their hearts--that we should not play games with the healthcare of our  children.   I know that it may seem hard to oppose one's party leadership. But  today I ask you to consider whether this is one of those rare times . .  . those rare subjects . . .   Where we can come together to stand up for the those in need . . .   And to stand up for a clean reauthorization of the Children's Health  Insurance Program.   That's what our motion to recommit does.   Let's step back and consider whether we can use our common desire to  deliver healthcare to our children, as a moment to surprise the public  . . .   To set a new tone for how we deal with one another . . . and how we  address issues on which both of our parties fundamentally agree.   Please join with me on this vote to put our children first--they're  watching.   