 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentleman from Illinois  for yielding and for his tireless leadership for families everywhere.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2792, the so-called  Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act. This cruel and misguided bill  would terminate Supplemental Security Income benefits for vulnerable  seniors and people with disabilities who have an outstanding warrant.   Let me be clear. This is a horrible bill. It is mean-spirited and it  is unfair. Despite this bill's misleading title, Americans who would be  harmed by this bill are not felons and they are not fugitives.   In reality, this bill would rip benefits from individuals who haven't  been arrested, tried, or even convicted. They have only been accused.  This violates the basic principle of innocent until proven guilty, and  it would terminate benefits without due process.   What is worse, most of these outstanding warrants are decades old and  involve minor infractions when people are unable to pay for court fines  and fees. This is awful.   This bill criminalizes families living in poverty, and it  disproportionately harms communities of color. One in five SSI  recipients are African Americans. Without this critical program,  believe you me, African Americans will struggle even more.   Make no mistake; cutting off SSI benefits would put all families at  risk of being unable to keep a roof over their heads, put food on the  table, and meet other basic needs. And for what? To pay for the  Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting program.   We know that this is an important program and helps millions of  struggling families, but we cannot afford to rob Peter to pay Paul.  Lives are at risk here. This is as sinister as it gets.   Taking an ax to these lifesaving benefits is cruel and heartless.  That is why 120 civil rights, disability, and retirement organizations  oppose this, including the NAACP, the Leadership Conference on Civil  and Human Rights, the League of United Latin American Citizens, the  National Council of Churches, and the National Committee to Preserve  Social Security and Medicare.    Mr. Speaker, this should really be a wake-up call to this  Chamber to defeat this bill immediately. Instead of ramming through a  bill that would push more people into poverty, we should be working to  create good-paying jobs and expand opportunities for all.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this mean- spirited and heartless bill.   