 Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to speak  in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 3354, the ``Interior  and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018.''   Let me also thank Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum for  their leadership in shepherding this bill to the floor.   Among other agencies, this legislation funds the Smithsonian  Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and  Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American  Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery.   The Smithsonian also operates another national treasure: the National  Zoo.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important  message from the Congress of the United States.   The Jackson Lee Amendment simply provides that:   ``Sec.___. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used  to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian  Institution.''   This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered to the Interior  and Environment Appropriations Act for FY2008 (H.R. 2822) that was  approved by voice vote on July 7, 2016.   Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian's outreach programs bring Smithsonian  scholars in art, history and science out of ``the nation's attic'' and  into their own backyard.   Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian in Washington,  D.C.   But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian's mission, ``the increase and  diffusion of knowledge,'' the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even  greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities  who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history  offered by the Smithsonian.   The Smithsonian's outreach programs serve millions of Americans,  thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50  states, through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, and sharing of  educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations,  training programs, and websites.   Smithsonian outreach programs work in close cooperation with  Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate  institutions and others across the nation.   The Smithsonian's outreach activities support community-based  cultural and educational organizations around the country.   They ensure a vital, recurring, and high-impact Smithsonian presence  in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a  network of affiliations.   Smithsonian outreach programs increase connections between the  Institution and targeted audiences (African American, Asian American,  Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten  through college-age museum education and outreach opportunities.   These outreach programs enhance K-12 science education programs,  facilitate the Smithsonian's scholarly interactions with students and  scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and  disseminate results related to the research and collections strengths  of the Institution.   The programs that provide the critical mass of Smithsonian outreach  activity are:   1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service (SITES);   2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithsonian Center for Education  and Museum Studies (SCEMS);   3. National Science Resources Center (NSRC);   4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP);   5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and   6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which receives no federal  funding.   To achieve the goal of increasing public engagement, SITES directs  some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A  Celebration of National Pride.   This ``mobile museum,'' which will feature Smithsonian artifacts from  the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil  War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of  everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic  lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been  a long-standing organizational priority of the Smithsonian.   SITES ``mobile museum'' is the only traveling exhibit format able to  guarantee audience growth and expanded geographic distribution during  sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is  imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling  financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach.   For communities still struggling to fully recover from the economic  downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the  ``mobile museum'' promises to answer an ever-growing demand for  Smithsonian shows in the field.   A single, conventional SITES exhibit can reach a maximum of 12  locations over a two- to three-year period.   In contrast, a ``mobile museum'' exhibit can visit up to three venues  per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host  institution or community.   The net result is an increase by 150 in the number of outreach  locations to which SITES shows can travel annually.   And in addition to its flexibility in making short-term stops in  cities and towns from coast-to-coast, a ``mobile museum'' has the  [[Page H7137]]  advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people  live, work, and take part in leisure time activities.   By establishing an exhibit presence in settings like these, SITES  will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million,  but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop  exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including population  groups not always affiliated with mainstream cultural institutions.   SITES also will be the public exhibitions' face of the Smithsonian's  National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new  Museum comes online.   Providing national access to projects that will introduce the  American public to the Museum's mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour  such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381  Days: The Montgomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary  Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives;  and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian's  Archives of American Art.   To meet the growing demand among smaller community and ethnic museums  for an exhibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a  scaled-down version of the National Museum of American History's 4,000- square-foot exhibition about legendary entertainer Celia Cruz.   Two 1,500-square-foot exhibitions, one about Crow Indian history and  the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond  Washington a taste of the Institution's critically acclaimed National  Museum of the American Indian.   Two more exhibits, ``In Plane View'' and ``Earth from Space,''  provided visitors an opportunity to experience the Smithsonian's  recently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum Udvar-Hazy  Center.   For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian Associates--the highly regarded  educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution--has arranged Scholars  in the Schools programs.   Through this tremendously successful and well-received educational  outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff--hundreds of experts  in art, history and science--with the national community at a local  level.   The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to build a strong national  network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish  active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the  country.   There are currently 138 affiliates located in the United States,  Puerto Rico, and Panama.   By working with museums of diverse subject areas and scholarly  disciplines, both emerging and well-established, Smithsonian  Affiliations is building partnerships through which audiences and  visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the  Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities.   The National Science Resources Center (NSRC) strives to increase the  number of ethnically diverse students participating in effective  science programs based on NSRC products and services.   The Center develops and implements a national outreach strategy that  will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800)  that are implementing NSRC K-8 programs.   The NSRC is striving to further enhance its program activity with a  newly developed scientific outreach program introducing communities and  school districts to science through literacy initiatives.   In addition, through the building of the multicultural Alliance  Initiative, the Smithsonian's outreach programs seek to develop new  approaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian  collections, research, education, and public programs that reflect the  diversity of the American people, including underserved audiences of  ethnic populations and persons with disabilities.   For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee  Amendment and thank Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum for  their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together  this excellent legislation.   Mr. Chair, I also want to thank you for this opportunity to speak in  support of my amendments to Division A of H.R. 3354, the Interior and  Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and to commend  Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum for their leadership in  shepherding this bill through the legislative process.   Among other agencies, this legislation funds the U.S. Forest Service,  the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which  operates our national museums including the National Zoo.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important  message from the Congress of the United States.   The Jackson Lee Amendment emphasizes the importance of Urban Wildlife  Refuge Partnerships and urban forests, and preserves our ability to  return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our  children.   Similar amendments were offered and accepted in the Interior and  Environment Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 2822),  Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643), and Fiscal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and  were adopted by voice vote.   Mr. Chair, surveys indicate that some urban forests are in serious  danger.   In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all our urban  trees--a loss of over 600 million trees.   Eighty percent (80 percent) of the American population lives in the  dense quarters of a city.   Reforestation programs return a tool of nature to a concrete area  that can help to remove air pollution, filter out chemicals and  agricultural waste in water, and save communities millions of dollars  in storm water management costs.   I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban  reforestation.   In addition, havens of green in the middle of a city can have  beneficial effects on a community's health, both physical and  psychological, as well as increase property value of surrounding real  estate.   Reforestation of cities is an innovative way of combating urban  sprawl and deterioration.   Mr. Chair, a real commitment to enhancing our environment involves  both the protection of existing natural resources and active support  for restoration and improvement projects.   Several years ago, American Forests, a leading conservation group,  estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington  metropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540  million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have  taken more than $1 billion in storm water control facilities to manage.   Trees breathe in carbon dioxide, and produce oxygen.   People breathe in oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide.   A typical person consumes about 38 lb of oxygen per year.   A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can produce about 260 lb  of oxygen annually--two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a  year!   Trees help reduce pollution by capturing particulates like dust and  pollen with their leaves.   A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 lbs of the small particles and  gases of air pollution.   Trees help combat the effects of ``greenhouse'' gases, the increased  carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our  atmosphere to ``heat up.''   Trees help cool down the overall city environment by shading asphalt,  concrete and metal surfaces.   Buildings and paving in city centers create a heat-island effect.   A mature tree canopy reduces air temperatures by about 5-10 degrees  Fahrenheit.   A 25 foot tree reduces annual heating and cooling costs of a typical  residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of  $120 per American household.   Proper tree plantings around buildings can slow winter winds, and  reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4-22 percent.   Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making our cities more  sustainable and more livable.   The Jackson Lee Amendment simply provides for continued support to  programs like Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships that reforest our  urban areas.   For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee  Amendment and thank Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum for  their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together  this legislation.    I want to quickly thank the gentlewoman from the  great State of Minnesota, thank the gentleman from California, and just  very quickly say that I come with my amendments, but I also come just  to acknowledge the pending storm in Florida and Hurricane Harvey  because our arts communities were underwater, and they are still  underwater.   I offered amendments that deal with preservation of heritage areas,  urban reforestation, and the Smithsonian outreach. I thank my  colleagues for putting it in the en bloc.   But as I do so, I want to take note of, again, all of the debris and  be able to say that, in the course of hurricanes, historic entities are  impacted.   We are looking to establish an emancipation trail, and one of my most  important amendments is to ensure that there is national policy to  preserve, for public use, historic sites, buildings, and objects of  national significance for the inspiration and benefit of people of the  United States.   My community is looking for that emancipation trail, but it starts  from Galveston. We have not yet been able to assess whether any of  those historic markers and places were destroyed by Hurricane Harvey.  So the funding for the Interior Department and the aspects that come  under the Interior Department, the jurisdictional issue is very  important to us because we will have to look to see if our historic  entities have been preserved.   In the midst of debris and danger that our constituents face, this is  equally important, and it is equally important to restore the symphony,  to restore the ballet and our theater, all of them underwater in my  congressional district.   I hope, as we move forward, H.R. 3686, Hurricane Harvey supplemental  appropriation that we have filed that will embrace all of these issues,  will be considered.   I thank my colleagues for those amendments. And, again, in the course  of a storm, the history of people is jeopardized, and my amendments  deal with preserving the history of our people. Maybe, as we come out  of this, we will create the emancipation trail that is part of my  amendment.   