 Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House  Committees on the Judiciary, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630,  which requires all employees of the House of Representatives--including  Members, interns, detailees, and fellows--to complete an anti- harassment and anti-discrimination training program during each session  of Congress.   Additionally, each individual would be required to complete the  training within ninety days of the start of each session, and each new  employee to complete the training within ninety days of their hire  date.   This training must be completed every session of Congress.   The resolution directs the Committee on House Administration to issue  regulations to ensure compliance and transparency and upon passage of  the resolution, the Committee is required to promulgate these  regulations within thirty days.   Mr. Speaker, the many allegations of sexual harassment that have come  to light involving prominent individuals in the fields of government,  entertainment, business, and other fields in recent months are  appalling and intolerable.   There must be zero-tolerance for sexual harassment in our society,  and this body can set an example for the nation by declaring itself to  be sexual harassment free zone and policing itself to hold members,  staff, and associated personnel to this standard.   It is important that all persons working in this body understand that  everyone has a right to a workplace free of harassment and intimidation  and that complaints will be taken seriously and fully investigated by  the Ethics Committee or the House Administration Committee.   Mr. Speaker, this is the moment to embrace and affirm zero tolerance  for sexual harassment and assault and we must soon reauthorize and  strengthen the Violence Against Women Act to provide stronger tools to  prevent and punish sexual harassment and sexual assault.   As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, I am  committed to doing all I can to make this happen as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 630 and urge all Members to  vote in favor its adoption.   