 Mr. President, I am honored to join my colleagues here  today. I thank Senator Carper for his excellent suggestions and  leadership in terms of reaching out to both the current and former  Governors as we proceed on this issue. I am very grateful to my  colleague Senator Kaine for his leadership on the HELP Committee and  what he brings as a former mayor and Governor.   I rise today to join my colleague from New Hampshire in supporting  her efforts to help lower healthcare premiums for middle-class  Americans and to stabilize the insurance marketplace.   The Trump administration has been working to sabotage the individual  market by playing games with cost-sharing reductions. Those cost- sharing reductions help lower out-of-pocket expenses, such as  deductibles and copays, for individuals with health insurance plans in  the marketplace. This legislation from Senator Shaheen is a commonsense  measure that would work to prevent the instability and chaos being  pushed by the administration.   I also join my colleagues in making clear that we are ready and  willing to work across the aisle on priorities that will improve and  build on the Affordable Care Act and bring down costs for people in New  Hampshire and across the country.   Over the course of the last several months, we have seen that the  partisan process Republican leadership has pushed with TrumpCare simply  won't work. It is going to take a bipartisan approach in order to make  progress, not a senseless repeal bill that would pull the rug out from  millions of Americans.   I have seen firsthand that it is possible for Democrats and  Republicans to come together in order to improve our healthcare system.  As Governor of New Hampshire, I worked across party lines to pass a  bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan that delivered quality, affordable  insurance to over 50,000 hard-working Granite Staters. Expansion has  truly made a difference for communities across my State, particularly  for people impacted by the heroin, fentanyl, and opioid crisis.   Just last week, I visited Goodwin Community Health in Somersworth and  heard from a woman named Elizabeth. At one point in her life, as a  result of a substance use disorder, Elizabeth was homeless, and she  lost custody of her son. But Elizabeth is now in recovery, and she  works at the SOS Recovery Community Organization in Rochester, helping  others get the support they need. She said she owes her recovery to the  insurance she has received through the Medicaid expansion and the  Affordable Care Act.   Elizabeth's story is a great example of the power of what is possible  when we come together on bipartisan solutions to help improve the  health of our people. This is the same approach we need to take in the  Senate, and I believe there are areas for bipartisan cooperation that  we should be working on in order to improve the Affordable Care Act.  [[Page S4036]]    In addition to Senator Shaheen's legislation to stabilize the  individual market and in addition to the legislation we have heard  discussed by Senator Kaine and Senator Carper, there are other things  we can do.   I believe it is critical that we take on Big Pharma and bring down  the cost of prescription drug prices, including allowing importing safe  and affordable drugs and allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices,  and I believe we should eliminate the existing income cliff in the  Affordable Care Act which blocks many middle-class individuals from  receiving premium assistance.   These are commonsense measures we should be taking now. People across  our Nation have made clear, they don't want Congress to do a wholesale  repeal of the Affordable Care Act because it would have devastating  impacts for them and their families.   I urge my colleagues to put the partisan gamesmanship aside. I join  Senator Kaine, as a member of the HELP Committee, in asking for a  hearing at the very committee which is supposed to set healthcare  policy in this body so we can listen to the voices of constituents, of  providers, of other stakeholders. We need to come to the table ready to  work on bipartisan solutions in order to improve our healthcare system.  All of our people deserve to have access to quality, affordable care so  they can be healthy. That makes our country healthy, productive, and  strong too.   