 Mr. Speaker, when President Trump  spoke on the campaign trail, his message to the African American  community was clear: ``What do you have to lose?'' Today, just 9 weeks  into his presidency, we now know that in a Trump Administration, the  American people stand to lose their access to robust medical care,  jobs, and more than $54 billion used to fund critically important  programs and Departments through the Federal government.   President Trump's fiscal year 2018 budget proposal to Congress seeks  roughly $54 billion in dramatic cuts to social programs and domestic  spending in order to accommodate an equal increase in spending through  the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Veterans Affairs.  His proposal is a poor reflection of the priorities that we hold as a  nation and undermines--or eliminates entirely--many of the very  programs that millions of Americans rely on the most.   For example, the President's budget proposal slashes funding for  education by cutting grants for after school programs and reduces  financial aid for low-income students, such as Pell Grants. The  Department of Housing and Urban Development will also see a thirteen  percent--or $6.2 billion--reduction in its budget, which is reflected  in the elimination of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)  program, the HOME Investment Partnerships program, and Section 4  Community Development and Affordable Housing.   I cannot help but notice that there is a certain degree of hypocrisy  reflected in the President's budget proposal when comparing to what he  has touted during the campaign. For example, the Department of  Transportation will suffer significant cuts to programs such as TIGER,  which has been an incredibly successful discretionary grant program  used to fund projects of nation significance in communities all across  the country. President Trump's budget proposal also looks to eliminate  funding for the Capital Investment Grant program, which the Dallas Area  Rapid Transit (DART) in Texas has utilized for many years to respond to  the explosive population growth within my district and build up our  transportation infrastructure. This moves our nation further away from  the $1 trillion in transportation infrastructure spending that the  President has proposed during the campaign.   Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the President's budget proposal in its  current form. The cuts included in his proposal are irrational and  ignore the dire needs of our people to bolster our transportation  infrastructure, create jobs, and pave the way for greater economic  opportunity for all Americans--not just a select few. President Trump  also wants to slash taxes for the wealthy and our biggest corporations.  He will pay for those tax breaks by placing the burden on lower- and  middle-class Americans. Just months into his presidency, it is already  crystal clear that the American people have a lot to lose under his  vision for America and I am proud to join my colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus to oppose these devastating cuts and the  entire Trump agenda.   