 Mr. Speaker, this is a somber day today, and it is a  very important day in the history of the United States of America.   I have joined with Senator Franken, who indicated that, today,  Senators of the United States Senate will make one of the most  significant votes, if not the most significant vote of their career,  and it will be a vote that they will long remember because, rather than  the serious and difficult decisions  [[Page H6221]]  of war and peace that, over the historical times of this body, many  Members have had to make that decision and be in the midst of the  throngs of patriotism, the vote that will be taken today will be a vote  that those Senators will have brought on themselves; and it is a vote  that does not have to be taken, nor a movement that has to be moved;  and that is, to cause the American people to face a crumbling  healthcare system, to dismantle and diminish the rights and obligations  and opportunities for Americans, some 32 million, to have health  insurance.   For me, it is both baffling and tragic that Senators would make this  a campaign competition game, and that it only represents a notch in  their belt.   This does not have anything to do with providing healthcare for  Americans. It doesn't have anything to do with what doctors say, what  hospitals say, what rural hospitals need, what individuals with chronic  illnesses need, or those who have been diagnosed with devastating  cancer. It has nothing to do with children who are in desperate need of  healthcare.   It has nothing to do with two young people who I met; one who was  experiencing autism, who sought to live independently and could not do  so without Medicaid, or one who had a chronic illness of which, between  2015 and 2016, he spent or had to spend $700,000 to live, and, in the  last 6 months, he had to spend $73,000, none of which would have been  possible without the Affordable Care Act.   So what is happening in the Senate this afternoon? What vote of  courage is being taken? What vote of improving the lives of Americans  when the Senate bill, TrumpCare, will cause 49 million people to not  have their insurance by 2026?   It will cause rural hospitals to simply crumble. I am from Texas. We  have a huge system of rural hospitals helping my constituents, and  those hospitals will face disaster. Or the Texas Medical Center, like  major hospital configurations across the Nation, where major research  is being done, undermined by the vote that will be taken.   It saddens me because I think the American people believe that we  come to this place, we take this oath of office, to do what is right  for America.   This is not political chips. This is not dominos. This is not a game.   And to the Commander in Chief, for you to be in front of the Boy  Scouts--my husband and my son were Boy Scouts, and I sit on the Boy  Scout board. I am offended by your words. I am offended because I know  how hard my son worked. I know how my husband cherishes his status as  an Eagle Scout, and I know what the jamboree means because my child  went to it, and I know how excited those young patriots are.   Yet the Commander in Chief would come and speak about former  President Obama in a dastardly way, talk about crowd sizes, and then  have the nerve to talk about the healthcare bill, not as a moment of  conscience, not as a serious issue that would, in fact, make higher  costs.   Under the Senate bill, people will be paying more than they have  earned for health insurance--well-documented. Of course, this is 22  million in the earlier period of the House bill. We now know it may be  32 million, and, as I have said, 49 million by 2026.   And then, of course, it cuts the protections for preexisting  conditions. Of course, it has a crushing age tax. If you are older, 55,  you pay more. And then, of course, it undermines Medicare. It  interferes with the Medicare trust bill.   Yet the Commander in Chief is speaking before 45,000 or more young  men, patriots, Boy Scouts, and talking about the healthcare bill and  calling out Senator Capito from West Virginia: You better make her vote  for it. What kind of leadership and heart is that? What are we dealing  with here in this Nation?   I don't have to say anything, Mr. Speaker, about this individual. As  I close, let me simply say that I am introducing a resolution to stop  any President from firing the special counsel, and any President from  abusing the pardon by pardoning anybody who is under investigation for  the Russian involvement in our elections. We have to do this, sadly,  because we are not focused on governing; we are focusing on insulting.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3364 or  the bill entitled ``Russia, Iran, and North Korea Sanctions Act.''   As a senior member of the Committee on Homeland Security and its  Subcommittees on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, and Cybersecurity,  Infrastructure Protection, and Security  [[Page H6268]]  Technologies, I am reminded daily that there are actors and nation- states that threaten the security of our nation.   Within the past year, the United States has experienced a series of  aggressions that threaten not only our nation's security, but also the  very democratic principles that are the foundation upon which our  country was built.   These hostile acts have been orchestrated and perpetrated by our  long-time adversaries--Russia, Iran, and North Korea.   Within that short time span, their actions have been so egregious  that it is inexcusable that this administration has failed to respond  to these acts of aggression with strength and resolve.   Mr. Speaker, U.S. intelligence agencies have confirmed that Russian  hackers launched cyberattacks during one of the most sacred processes  in our republic--the U.S. presidential election.   Specifically, we know that Russia was behind the cyber theft of DNC  documents and that Russian hackers intentionally targeted 21 U.S. state  election systems during the 2016 presidential campaign.   This administration refused to acknowledge Russia's tampering in last  year's election until it became impossible to deny what everyone knows  to be true.   Further, Iran's support of groups who actively operate against U.S.  interests is disturbing even in the face of the implementation of the  JCPOA in January 2016.   North Korea is growing increasingly belligerent, launching 17  missiles since the beginning of this year as it attempts to improve its  missile capabilities with each launch.   Although North Korea has launched missiles in the past, never have  they occurred in such a rapid, unpredictable succession.   In a show of bipartisanship, our counterparts in the Senate led the  charge in adopting legislation that would stop Russia, Iran, and North  Korea from operating with such impunity.   On June 15, 2017, the Senate passed an amended version of S. 722, the  ``Countering Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017'' that not  only penalizes Iran but also punishes Russia for its interference in  the 2016 U.S. presidential election.   The fact that that legislation was passed 98-2 demonstrated  congressional willingness to set clear boundaries for what is and is  not acceptable behavior especially for our adversaries.   The House must act just as decisively by passing H.R. 3364.    H.R. 3364 will work to avert and penalize any threat posed by  adversaries in several ways.   One of the most important provisions of this act is that it will  prevent the Trump Administration from repealing existing Obama-era  Russian sanctions tied to Ukraine and election interference.   H.R. 3364 will also impose new sanctions on Russia while  strengthening other sanctions.   Furthermore, it will require congressional oversight for altering  sanctions related to Russia.   With respect to Iran, H.R. 3364 will mandate new sanctions on those  who support the development of Iran's ballistic missile program.   H.R. 3364 requires the imposition of sanctions on Iran for human  rights violations as well as sanctions on the Islamic Revolutionary  Guard Corps.   Finally, H.R. 3364 clamps down on North Korea by updating and  expanding sanctions in direct response to its repeated aggression.   In addition, H.R. 3364 also makes it more difficult for North Korea  to secure the funding for its illegal weapon program.   Mr. Speaker, it is time that this body acts to show that the United  States will not tolerate and will respond to threats to our homeland,  our national security.   That is why I urge all Members to join me in voting for H.R. 3364.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J.  Res. 111, which would repeal the Arbitration Rule recently created by  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   The Arbitration Rule is an important victory for consumer protection,  because it prevents banks and other financial institutions from  stripping consumers of their constitutionally-guaranteed right to a day  in court.   The ``forced arbitration'' clauses that this rule addresses prevents  a consumer from filing a lawsuit against a company, and always forces  the consumer into a private and confidential arbitration process that  operates outside of the legal system.   Additionally, these clauses, which are often buried in the fine-print  of agreements and do not allow the consumer any authority to change  them, frequently prohibit class-action claims.   This means that even if there are thousands of consumers who have  been hurt by a bank or financial institution in a similar way, they  would not be able to join their complaints into one case.   By forcing each and every consumer to endure arbitration on his or  her own, outcomes for cases with the exact same complaints will vary  unjustly, because arbitration does not set legal precedent.   Mr. Speaker, these forced arbitration clauses essentially amount to a  rip-off clause.   It is clear that this rip-off clause is stacked against the consumer  and is meant to shield predatory banks, payday lenders, credit card  companies and other financial institutions from accountability when  they cheat or plunder consumers.   In April of this year, it was revealed that Wells Fargo opened as  many as 149,857 fraudulent bank accounts in my home state of Texas,  including many in Houston.  [[Page H6278]]    But the rip-off clause prevented consumers from getting justice.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Arbitration Rule  rightfully aims to protect consumers from being forced to sign away  their legal rights when doing something as simple as opening a bank  account, obtaining a credit card, financing a home, or obtaining a  private student loan.   The CFPB's Arbitration Rule makes it easier for consumers to file a  lawsuit if they are harmed by a bank or financial institution, and  increases transparency in the arbitration process.   The Arbitration Rule strongly serves the public interest.   H.J. Res. 111 is only the latest in a long series of attacks that  Republicans have leveled against the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau since its very creation in 2011.   The Bureau is a tremendous ally in the fight for consumer protection,  and it is imperative that its work be allowed to continue.   It is unconscionable that Republicans are working so hard to repeal a  rule that only serves to protect consumers from harmful and predatory  practices by the financial services industry.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in rejecting this harmful  resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garamendi for yielding. I  was detained at another meeting, but I could not help but conclude our  very important Special Order.   And I do want to emphasize that we have a better deal. We have the  opportunity to be able to stabilize the markets.   We heard from Mr. Cohen today, who is from the great State of  California, who says: The Affordable Care Act does work. Subsidies do  work. And if we go the route of the Senate--the tragic vote today-- Americans will wind up paying more for premiums than their own income.   So I join in saying we can fix and stabilize--fix the Affordable Care  Act, stabilize the healthcare system, and ensure that 49 million people  do not lose their insurance by 2026; or with the Senate bill, 32  million don't lose their insurance.   So I simply conclude with this: I met with a family who has an  autistic child--a young woman who wants to live on her own. She can't  do that without the Affordable Care Act.   I met with a young man by the name of Matthew, who spent $700,000  over a 2-year period because he has a chronic illness; $73,000 on his  medication in the last 6 months. The American people need us to do for  them what the government can do, and that is to ensure a healthcare  system for all.   That is what the Affordable Care Act's underlying premise is. That is  what Democrats have as their message. Mr. Garamendi, I believe in  saving lives. That is what I want to do with the Affordable Care Act.   