 Madam Chair, before I discuss this amendment, I would just  like to take a minute to offer my and all of our condolences to honor  the memory of Congresswoman DeLauro's dear mother, Luisa DeLauro, who  passed away at the age of 103 this weekend. As Congresswoman DeLauro  always said, her mother was a fearless champion for women's equality,  and I hope that tonight we can really think about Congresswoman  DeLauro, her family, and her mother, and offer our sincere condolences  to her.   Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment which would shift  an additional $5 million away from SAMHSA's existing mental health  programs. In the bill under consideration today, SAMHSA's mental health  programs, they are already cut by $231 million. That is a 20 percent  cut   Unfortunately, this amendment would further reduce funding for  critical SAMHSA programs such as Mental Health First Aid, Suicide  Prevention, and the National Child Traumatic Stress Network. We need to  be increasing support for mental health services, not robbing Peter to  pay Paul by shifting funds from one program to another.   Now, by profession, I am a psychiatric social worker, and I founded a  community mental health center. Believe me, I personally know the  impact and the need, the unmet need, for additional funding for mental  health services.   As my colleagues and I have noted, the allocations approved by the  committee are approximately $5 billion below the nondefense level  allowed under the Budget Control Act. That is $5 billion down.   We have the resources available, yet the majority refuses to allocate  them to support critical programs such as mental health and substance  abuse services. This bill is $5 billion below the fiscal 2017 funding  level.   That is why Members are being forced to rob critical programs to  transfer funding to other programs. We need to negotiate a bipartisan  budget deal that lifts the sequestration caps and provides significant  funding for mental health and substance abuse programs for individuals  who need them.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Madam Chair, this amendment cuts $5 million from the account  that funds, mind you, Head Start, Runaway and Homeless Youth grants,  and the Community Services Block Grant, among other critical programs,  and uses it to provide $5 million in new funding for the Infant  Adoption Awareness Training program. Now, this program did not receive  funding in fiscal year `17.   Women should have access to all options when considering the impacts  of an unintended pregnancy, of which one is adoption. But we should not  ignore the irreplaceable role of preventing unintended pregnancy by  providing education and health services.   The underlying bill limits women's access to care by prohibiting  funding to the Title X Family Planning program, a program specifically  created to ensure women have access to high-quality family planning  services to prevent unintended pregnancies and access reproductive care  services. By denying women access to comprehensive family planning and  preventative health services, the bill would have a devastating impact  on women and families, especially low-income women and women in rural  communities.   In 2014, Title X Family Planning centers helped women avert 904,000-- that is 904,000--unintended pregnancies. Without the services provided  by these Title X clinics, the rates of unintended pregnancy in the  United States, unplanned birth and abortion, each would have been 33  percent higher, and the teen pregnancy rate would have been 30 percent  higher.   In addition, Title X providers are required to offer pregnant women  the opportunity to provide information and counseling regarding all of  their options--all of their options--in a neutral, nondirective, and  factual manner, including adoption. For some women, adoption services  and counseling may be the best option. But we must ensure that every  woman has access to all options and is allowed to make the choice that  is best for her and her family.   Unfortunately, this bill represents yet another missed opportunity to  get serious about reproductive health and preventing unintended  pregnancy in this country. This amendment uses funding from other  programs in the Children and Families Services account that are  critical to the well-being of children, women, and families as an  offset for this new program. Funding for Head Start, the Domestic  Violence Hotline, programs that help serve and protect runaway and  homeless youth, among others, are at risk.   Madam Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, as I close, while this amendment focuses on  adoption services, we cannot ignore what is missing from this bill and  from this process, and that is an opportunity to vote on the amendment  to fund Title X Family Planning. We must restore funding for family  planning services; invest in a comprehensive approach that prioritizes  health promotion, education, services, and care; and an approach that  includes sex education programs, better access to birth control, and  reproductive health services.   I am extremely concerned about the cut that this amendment imposes on  the Children and Families account at HHS. I oppose this amendment. This  is cutting funds from Head Start, Runaway and Homeless Youth grants,  and the Community Services Block Grant, among other critical programs.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, first, I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for  introducing this amendment. I rise in support of it.   We have to really let our seniors know that we care about them. My  mother passed away a couple of years ago. She was 90 years old. I  recognized personally the importance of comprehensive services to  ensure that our seniors have a quality of life that they so deserve in  their senior years. This also helps taxpayers and families avoid paying  for more expensive healthcare and long-term care services.   So I thank the gentlewoman again on behalf of our constituents. This  will strengthen our communities, and I ask for an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of Mr. Lujan's  amendment, and I want to thank him for this.   I shared earlier that I, by profession, am a psychiatric social  worker. I actually founded a community mental health center. It was  called Change, Incorporated.   As part of this community mental health center, we had a program.  That program was to train individuals in peer support. This was in the  day. I can tell you what Mr. Lujan has said about the goals and the  successes of peer support services. It can't be overstated. This  amendment would close this shortage in services for individuals who  need them.   As chair of the Social Work Caucus, again, psychologists, psychiatric  social workers, and clinical social workers agree that peer support for  individuals who may or may not have earned an advanced degree is  extremely important because they can understand and they know what the  needs of their clients are. Studies have shown that peer support  services help to reduce emergency room visits by individuals suffering  from depression.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I know from personal  experience that it works. It is a cost-saving measure, and it really  helps people suffering from mental illness. We should really recognize  the need out there. It is still great, even as I reflect upon my  community mental health center, Change, Incorporated.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for offering  this amendment, and I rise in strong support of it. It restores funding  to the Magnet Schools Assistance Program.   Now, 60 years after Brown v. Board of Education, the data shows that  many schools and communities continue to suffer from the vestiges of  segregation and that many of our Nation's largest school districts  remain starkly segregated along racial and economic lines.   Now, I just have to say, when I started elementary school, schools  were segregated in El Paso, Texas. Sixty years later, now, it is really  something. We have come a long way, but we have a long way to go. This  amendment, the Magnet Schools Assistance Program--the amendment helps  assist school districts in promoting desegregation long overdue.   I am glad that we increased this program in fiscal 2017 omnibus by $1  million. That additional funding was intended to allow the program to  increase the total number of grantees. I was disappointed to see that  the majority took a step back from the progress that we had made and  imposed a cut to this program in the underlying bill.   Why in the world would the majority not want to see school  segregation ended? This amendment certainly leads us in that direction,  and I strongly support it, and I hope you would reconsider your  opposition because many of us remember those days.   