 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the affordable  housing crisis that is gripping our Nation. When I say ``crisis,'' I  mean I know that people here are on the precipice of talking about what  we are going to do in response to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma and Maria,  and I would like to say, the housing crisis that will exist in the  aftermath of those hurricanes is real, but there are also even greater  implications from the housing crisis that exist today without those  hurricanes, and it is only going to continue to grow and get worse  until we deal with it.   This past February, more than 2,000 families packed into the New  Holly Gathering Hall in South Seattle. Each family was hoping to hear  its name called. It wasn't a contest. It wasn't a game. It wasn't the  lottery. It was a lottery to see if families could get affordable  homes.   The Mercy Othello Plaza would soon open 108 affordable housing units.  That is hardly a match for the more than 2,000 families who were  interested in trying to get into one of those affordable units. Based  on the numbers alone, their chance of getting an affordable home was  lower than an applicant's chance of getting into Harvard.   Ninety-five percent of the families attending that night left  disappointed, continuing to search for affordable housing. This is just  one story of how the affordable housing crisis is gripping our Nation.  I am sure every one of my colleagues in the Senate could talk about a  story they have heard in their State because this crisis impacts every  State. It impacts every community, both urban and rural alike.   As I have traveled across the State of Washington, I have seen some  of the most hard-hit areas for affordable housing. I even have veterans  returning home not being able to find affordable housing. I have seen  an aging population living longer and also not having the resources  when looking for affordable housing. I have seen young workers who want  to be close to where their employment is and yet having to drive so far  away because that is the only place they could find affordable housing.  We have seen homelessness in numbers that harken back to previous days  when we had a true recession.   The most damning part of the housing crisis is, we know how to solve  it. We just need the courage to act.   For decades, the housing growth was the most stimulative part of our  economy. Throughout the 1980s, housing was 18 percent of GDP. Today  that number has dropped to just 15 percent. When people discuss tax  reform and GDP growth, housing is still one of the ways that economists  will tell us that we can grow GDP.   In the sixties, seventies, and eighties, if somebody asked, How do we  stimulate our economy, usually a cheer would go up for housing, but  since the economic downturn, we haven't heard that cheer. In fact, it  is almost as if we have forgotten how stimulative housing is to our  economy.   The total number of houses built between 2007 and 2016 total just 8.9  million units, which is far below the 15 million-plus average for every  10-year period through the seventies and nineties. We are off the pace  of what it takes to provide affordable housing. As a result, the  vacancy rates and inventories of homes for sale have also fallen. The  national vacancy rate--which is the number of homes for sale--has  receded to the 2000 level, erasing all the runup we saw in the housing  boom. Moreover, homeownership in the United States is now at its lowest  rate since the 1960s.   Twenty million American families, including 11 million renters, are  now spending more than half of their income on housing. That means less  money for other essentials like food and healthcare and gas.   The National Low Income Housing Coalition tells us that 7.4 million  more available affordable homes are needed because we have seen an  increase of 60 percent since the year 2000 in the need for affordable  housing.   So the United States has become a rent-burdened economy. If we don't  address this crisis, the problem is only going to get worse. In fact,  one study found that if we don't address this crisis, we are going to  see another 25-percent increase in the number of Americans spending  more than half of their income in rent.   I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the House of  Representatives are talking about what they want to do in tax reform. I  would say they should look at this data as it relates to where we are  with homeownership and housing and things that would eliminate the  private activity bonds--one of the key drivers of affordable housing  production. It would be a big mistake if they got rid of that.  Obviously, there are units of affordable housing that are being planned  and built right now. In fact, one estimate is that over 1,000,000 units  wouldn't be completed just because of the House provision.   Obviously, limiting the mortgage interest deduction for new  homeowners could potentially increase taxes on homeowners and thereby  limit the number of people who could afford a home. Almost one-third of  taxpayers nationally claim the property tax deductions. They could also  see an impact to that. I hope our House colleagues and our Senate  colleagues will see, in light of the housing crisis, what a terrible  idea those things are.   How did we get to this crisis as it exists now? Part of the issue was  demand. For starters, the 2007 housing crash pushed millions of  families into the rental market and reduced wages on working families.  The demand for rental housing skyrocketed.   Over 7 million Americans lost their homes to foreclosure, and they  demanded more affordable places to live. Today the homeownership rate  is the lowest in our Nation since the 1960s. The last 10 years have  seen the largest gain of renters on record. The demand for rental  housing shows no sign of slowing down.   Millennials, like many of the young people we see who want to be  close to jobs in our burgeoning economy, are forced to rent instead of  own. They are seeing that challenged, in big numbers, by the fact that  there is not enough supply.  [[Page S7081]]    At the same time demand was going up from returning veterans, from  aging seniors, from workplace needs, from many more people needing  affordable housing after being pushed out of the homeownership market-- at the same time demand was going up, supply failed to keep pace.  Affordable housing stock is being, and was being, converted to market  rate-based units. That means they got taken out of the affordability  framework.   A new report found that the number of apartments being deemed  affordable for low-income families dropped 60 percent over the last 6  years.   With all this pressure and demand of people falling out of home and  back into the market and pushing things down, we saw so many units that  were affordable units get transferred over to market-based rates and  thereby losing supply.   The new production of affordable housing has not filled the gap, and  production of affordable housing is at its lowest 10-year production  rate on record since 1974. It, too, has played a role in this problem.   The combination of increased demand and lack of production has caused  the explosion in our affordable housing crisis. The number of Americans  facing extreme unaffordability--that means they are paying more than 50  percent--has gone from 7 million Americans to 11.2 million Americans.  That is a 60-percent increase in the number of people in the United  States who are in this area of extremely unaffordable rates for  housing.   While I know we are going to discuss natural disasters and helping  communities recover--everywhere from the families who have been  impacted in Florida, in Texas, and various places--we also have to look  at the issue of affordable housing everywhere from Seattle and Portland  and San Francisco to all the way across the country, to Philadelphia  and Miami and many other places.   In the aftermath of Katrina, Congress passed an expansion of the low- income housing tax credit, and it built 28,000 affordable units on the  gulf. I know my colleagues will want to do something similar for Texas  and the Gulf States to make sure we are doing something, but we need to  understand that at the time of Katrina, there was a need due to more  than 275,000 homes destroyed by that hurricane. Building 28,000 units  was barely a blip.   The low-income housing tax credit helped rebuild some units, but it  came nowhere close to solving the housing crisis in New Orleans. Market  rates in New Orleans are 35 percent higher after the storm, and 37  percent of households are paying more than half of their income in  housing. Now, 12 years later, another disaster has hit, and we are  going to try to address this crisis, but the housing burden for  extremely low-income families in Texas and the major metro areas of  Texas is among some of the worst in the Nation. That was before the  crisis. Before the actual impact of hurricanes, Texas was already at a  crisis point.   Texas has only 29 affordable units for every 100 low-income  households looking for those options. Houston is the third worst in the  country for housing availability for extremely low-income people. Now  families from Florida to Puerto Rico are going to also be finding a  very difficult situation.   Expanding the tax credit could help, but we have to do more than just  expand the tax credit for those disaster States. We need a very big  systematic investment in affordable housing all across the United  States, and expanding the low-income housing tax credit is one way to  do that. The good news is, we have good bipartisan support for the low- income housing tax credit enacted in 1986. It helped build 3 million  rental units across this country over the last 30 years. If you want to  make a dent in this crisis, both in response to the hurricanes and the  crisis that already existed, we need to begin filling that gap by  increasing the credit.   That is why I joined Senator Hatch in introducing the Affordable  Housing Tax Credit Improvement Act, something that would help us build  hundreds of thousands of new units in the next 10 years. I am glad  Senators Wyden, Portman, Sullivan, Merkley, Scott, Bennet, Collins,  Kaine, Heller, Leahy, Shaheen, Murray, Schumer, Murkowski, Young,  Graham, Schatz, Booker, Hassan, Isakson, and Sanders are all  supporters.   We have good, bipartisan support from people who understand that this  crisis is real and that it is only going to grow. But we also know that  the additional tax credit would create almost 450,000 new jobs over the  next 10 years. That is because housing is stimulative to the economy.  Construction alone supports over 2 million jobs. And it helps by making  sure that the economic impact to GDP is realized now through this  investment.   It also helps us save money as an economy and a country by putting a  roof over people's heads. One of the reasons I was so excited to work  with Senator Hatch on this was because in his home State of Utah, they  made such great progress in dealing with their homeless veteran  population. The community decided that by putting a roof over someone's  head, they actually helped lower overall costs. One study found that  placing people in affordable housing lowered Federal Medicaid  expenditures by an average of 12 percent, and a University of  Pennsylvania study found that taxpayers could save $16,000 per homeless  person who was placed in affordable housing.   So we need to act. We need to realize that housing provides an  investment in job creation and has historically contributed between 2  to 4 percent of GDP growth since the 1980s; that it is an underpinning  of our economy; and that we need to make sure that our Tax Code works  and make sure that people are purchasing homes as well as finding  affordable housing.   As our colleagues deal with the end-of-the-year policy issues and  deal with our response to these storms, I hope we will realize that  this underlying crisis also needs attention. We have worked on a  bipartisan basis in the past to address it, and we can work on a  bipartisan basis in the future to both stimulate our economy and solve  these problems.   Ninety percent of the affordable housing units being built in the  country use these tax credits, so it is only by extending the tax  credits, putting a roof over people's heads, that we are going to be  able to deal with this crisis. The good news is, it helps us save money  and it helps us with GDP growth.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.   