 I thank Senator Markey.   Mr. President, I, too, want to thank Leader Schumer for his remarks  and his work on national security and on healthcare and, in particular,  on the opioid, heroin, and fentanyl epidemic, which is the greatest  public health and safety challenge that the State of New Hampshire  faces and which I know many other States face as well.   I rise today to oppose the nomination of Dr. Scott Gottlieb to serve  as the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration. It is the  responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration, starting with its  Commissioner, to protect consumers and stand up for public health.   I have serious concerns about Dr. Gottlieb's record. I also have  additional concerns from his nomination hearing about his stances on  critical priorities for people in New Hampshire and across the Nation.   As I mentioned, and as Senator Markey has detailed, as well, the most  pressing public health and safety challenge facing New Hampshire is the  heroin, fentanyl, and opioid crisis. I want to thank the Senator from  Massachusetts for his leadership and work in helping to identify the  root causes of this terrible epidemic.   Yesterday, I was in New Hampshire, and I met with the Drug  Enforcement Agency leaders and personnel there. I heard updates from  those on the frontlines about the latest developments in the substance  misuse crisis. We discussed the spread of the dangerous synthetic drug  carfentanil, which is 100 times stronger than the already deadly drug  fentanyl.   A report released this week by New Futures showed the economic impact  of alcohol and substance misuse costs. It costs New Hampshire's economy  now over $2 billion a year. It is clear that we need to take stronger  action to combat this crisis.   We have to continue partnering together with those on the frontlines  and at every level of government. We need to be developing new tools  and leveraging the ones we have to combat this crisis.   What we cannot afford to do is to institute policies that would take  us backward. Unfortunately, Dr. Gottlieb has been opposed to the  creation of one of the key tools that the FDA has at its disposal--risk  evaluation and mitigation strategies, otherwise known as REMS. The  agency uses REMS--including, as a strategy, prescriber training--to try  to stem the risks associated with certain medications.   The FDA should be making REMS stronger and making sure that all  opioid medications have REMS. We don't need a Commissioner who opposed  the very creation of the REMS program, as Dr. Gottlieb did. In the  midst of a public health challenge as serious as this epidemic, we  should be taking--and we have to take--an all-hands-on-deck approach.  The fact that Dr. Gottlieb was opposed to the very creation of REMS  raises questions about what strategies the FDA would support under his  leadership.   There is another issue involved in this nomination of deep concern to  the people of New Hampshire. I am concerned about Dr. Gottlieb's record  of putting politics ahead of science when it comes to women's health.  To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able to  make their own decisions about when and if to start a family. To fully  participate not only in our economy but also in our democracy, women  must be recognized for their capacity to make their own healthcare  decisions, just as men are. They must also have the full independence  to make their own healthcare decisions, just as men do.  [[Page S2826]]    Unfortunately, this administration has made clear that it is focused  on an agenda that restricts women's access to critical health services,  including family planning.   Dr. Gottlieb's record has demonstrated that he supports this backward  agenda. During his time in the Bush administration, Dr. Gottlieb was  involved in a controversial and unscientifically based delay in  approving the emergency contraceptive Plan B for over-the-counter use.   I am concerned that under his leadership, the FDA will play political  games with women's health once again. I am afraid that he will  disregard science-based decisions under pressure from this  administration. Dr. Gottlieb's nomination raises too many questions  about whether he will put political interests ahead of science and  ahead of the safety of consumers.   I hope that he has learned about the priorities of Senators and the  constituents they represent throughout the nomination process and that  he proves to be a stronger Commissioner than his record suggests. But  in voting today, I cannot overlook that record, so I will vote against  his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   