 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Smith and Chairman  Thornberry for their leadership. I would also like to thank Chairman  Turner for his partnership and leadership this year on the Tactical Air  and  [[Page H9205]]  Land Forces Subcommittee and for maintaining the spirit of  bipartisanship that is the tradition of this committee.   Mr. Speaker, the fiscal year 2018 NDAA takes significant steps to  support and protect military members and their families. However, I  share Ranking Member Smith's concerns that this year's bill authorizes  a level of defense funding that is wholly unrealistic.   The numbers included in this bill are well above caps placed on  defense spending by the Budget Control Act, and prioritize defense  spending at a devastating cost to important Federal agencies and other  investments that are critical to maintaining our national  competitiveness and the future of our country. They are being put  forward at the same time that we are considering a tax reform bill that  will significantly cut revenues and, by the latest estimate, add $1.7  trillion to the Federal deficit. Accordingly, the increased spending  included in this bill are hollow numbers and we are failing to deliver  a credible or sensible long-term plan to the Defense Department.   Throughout my tenure on this committee, I have been guided by our  moral obligation to ensure that the men and women that we send into  harm's way are properly equipped and the best protected in the world. I  would never deny them the tools they need to defend themselves and our  Nation, which is why I will be voting for this compromise.   I understand the necessity of many of the programs that are funded  each year in this bill and believe its passage is needed to maintain  American military superiority against a variety of threats while  supporting our men and women in uniform. But ongoing budget  negotiations need to get realistic. We owe it to our servicemembers to  find a responsible, balanced path forward that works for both our  national and economic security.   