 Mr. President, I object because people are horrified by the  overwhelming evidence of Russian interference in our elections.   The VICE PRESIDENT. Section 18, title 3 of the United States Code  prohibits debate in the joint session.   Section 15 and 17 of title 3 of the U.S. Code requires any objection  be presented in writing, signed by both a Member of the House and a  Member of the Senate.   Is the objection in writing and signed not only by the Member of the  House, but also by a Senator?    Mr. President, even with the malfunction of 87 voting  machines at predominantly African--   The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no debate in order.    I have grave concerns--   The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection cannot be entertained.    Unfortunately, it is not yet signed by a Senator.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is prepared to proceed with the count.   Senator KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral  vote of the State of Minnesota seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State  of New York received 10 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 10 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, I object on behalf of the million of  Americans, including members of the intelligence community.   The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Chair has previously ruled, debate is  prohibited.   As the Chair has previously ruled, a signature from a Senator is  required. The objection cannot be received unless such a signature is  obtained.    Mr. President, despite grave concerns of the intelligence--   The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection cannot be received.   Senator Klobuchar, continue the tally.   Senator KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral  vote of the State of Wisconsin seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J.  [[Page H189]]  Trump of the State of New York received 10 votes for President and  Michael R. Pence of the State of Indiana received 10 votes for Vice  President.   The VICE PRESIDENT. For what purpose does the gentlewoman from Texas  rise?   