 Mr. President, just yesterday, the White House held a  forum on empowering women. Sean Spicer said the President made women's  empowerment a priority throughout the campaign, but earlier today, Vice  President Pence traveled to the Capitol to cast a tie-breaking vote to  move ahead on a resolution to undermine women's access to preventive  healthcare. That doesn't sound like women's empowerment to me.   Title X was enacted in 1970. It passed the Senate unanimously at that  time and was signed into law by a Republican President. Title X is the  only Federal healthcare program dedicated solely to providing  comprehensive family planning and other related preventive healthcare  services so important to women, as well as preventive services for men.   Last year alone, 4 million women and men at 4,000 health centers all  across our country got basic care because of title X funding--critical  Pap tests to head off cases of cervical cancer, counseling to help  women plan for a healthy pregnancy, contraception, breast exams, HIV  testing, vaccinations. These services prevented 87,000 preterm or low  birth weight babies and 2,000 cases of cervical cancer. These health  services also save money. The taxpayer saves $7 for every $1 invested  in preventive healthcare.   For more than 2 million people, the title X funded clinic is their  only source of healthcare. This matters to small towns and rural  communities all across Michigan, as well as all across the country.  Title X funds clinics in three-fourths of all the counties in the  United States. In Michigan, you can benefit from the services in the  beautiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan, where I will be this weekend,  where funds support the health department in Iron County, or the  Planned Parenthood clinic in Marquette--at the opposite end of the  State, down in the southeastern corner--where funds support the health  department in Monroe County.   So what are we voting on today? Plain and simple, this is an effort  to take away women's family planning and other healthcare services.  Right now, title X funds are awarded solely based on the provider's  ability to serve the patient, as it should be. Republicans want to  discriminate against certain family planning services, certain  providers, and reduce access to this care, frankly, based on politics  or their own personal beliefs.   The vote this afternoon is very simple: It is about basic healthcare  for women. A ``yes'' vote is a vote against women in Michigan and all  across our country. A ``yes'' vote will take away healthcare. A ``yes''  vote will take away healthcare for millions of Americans.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote no.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the majority is continuing its assault  on women's reproductive healthcare rights, this time using the  Congressional Review Act to reverse a rule and tear a hole in our  safety net for access to family planning and preventative healthcare.  The resolution before us would overturn the Department of Health and  Human Services' rule, which reinforces regulations that prevent States  from denying title X funds to health clinics like Planned Parenthood,  even though none of these funds are used for abortions. Repealing this  rule would limit access to healthcare, which would harm public health  in communities that rely on this funding.   Congress created the Title X Family Planning Program with bipartisan  support in 1970 to help provide comprehensive basic primary, family  planning, and preventative services to uninsured and low-income people.  It continues to be the only Federal grant dedicated to providing family  planning and preventive service. Recipients of the grants use the  program's funding to provide basic healthcare, such as cancer  screenings, HIV testing, and family planning counseling to 4 million  women and men. Both public and private entities run title X service  sites. These sites broaden access to healthcare services in rural parts  of our country. Often, they are the only option for the populations  they serve. About 40 percent of women who use title X service sites say  that they are their primary healthcare service provider.   Despite the benefits of the funding, States have taken actions that  discriminate against family planning clinics. Texas, for example,  slashed its family planning budget by 65 percent. As a result, Texas  forced a quarter of its family planning providers to close their doors  to patients in need.   To ensure that States do not discriminate against family planning  providers, the Obama administration issued a rule that forbids States  from withholding title X funding for family planning providers for any  reason other than being unable to deliver effective services. This rule  prevents States like Texas from attempting to defund needed providers  like Planned Parenthood. This rule protects access to vital preventive  services that provide a safety net for our country's most vulnerable  patients.   All people should have a right to affordable, high-quality  healthcare. Reversing this rule will deny critical healthcare services  to women, men, and their families. I urge a ``no'' vote.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   