 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank very much my colleague  from Washington particularly for calling me ``young.'' I appreciate  that always.   Mr. Speaker, I have enjoyed listening to the colloquy taking place  among my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. We see this  repeatedly now day  [[Page H5010]]  in and day out as we work hard in the majority to continue the progress  that we have made so far in this Congress, really record-breaking  progress of passing legislation, putting bills on the President's desk,  having those bills signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I believe we are now  at the point where we have presented more bills to the President and  had more bills signed than in any Congress in the first term of any  Presidency since Harry Truman. It is a record we are very proud of over  here.   It is clear that as we continue to put commonsense reform legislation  forward that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle would  sometimes like to distract and talk about other things. In terms of the  healthcare conversation that is going on and the talk of unintended  consequences, I would just point out, Mr. Speaker, that we now know the  consequences of ObamaCare. We have had to live under ObamaCare now for  many years. We are in a situation where the system is absolutely  failing the people of this country, and we have an obligation as a  body, an obligation we take seriously here in the House, to make sure  that we do what is right for the people of this country, that we  provide them relief, that we provide them the kind of healthcare reform  that is going to lower their costs, that is going to provide better  access to care and put people back in charge.   We have tried the Democrats' way now for the last 7 years and  fundamentally seen that the government cannot mandate effectively what  people need. It doesn't have the consequences that many on the other  side of the aisle thought it would, and the consequences have been  devastating.   Mr. Speaker, the same is true in terms of the challenge that we are  here dealing with today with these two bills. As my colleague from  Washington (Mr. Newhouse) so eloquently put it, those of us across the  West--and Mr. Polis knows this well, too--have had to live under this  situation of absolutely devastating forest fires, forest fires that  have been caused in too many instances by mismanagement by the Forest  Service, mismanagement by the Federal Government.   These bills--and in particular, H.R. 1873, which is a bill that I am  honored to cosponsor with Representative LaMalfa--will begin to impose  the kind of commonsense reforms that we need so that our power grid is  no longer threatened by mismanagement of our Federal Forest Service, of  our Federal forestlands.   On our federally managed forest in Wyoming, when we have overgrowth  around a power line, it is a direct risk to the people, the property,  and the power grid, as well as to the wildlife that those on the other  side of the aisle claim to care so much about.   Our local leaders understand this. Our local leaders are in the very  best position to do something about this and to do it quickly. That is  why we put in place these provisions in these bills that will allow the  local utilities, allow local officials, to make the kinds of decisions  that have to be made quickly.   H.R. 1873 will allow our utilities to submit their own management  facility inspection plans, their own operation and maintenance plans,  and it will also ensure that our Federal land managers have consistent  and accountable policies to reduce hazards in electricity rights-of- way, including they, themselves, will be held accountable for managing  the land. The bill does adjust the liability framework for these  rights-of-way to ensure that the utilities and the Federal Government  have the incentive to respond quickly and effectively to these hazards.   Nobody in Wyoming or in any other State ought to feel that they have  to go without affordable, reliable power, ought to feel that the power  grid is threatened simply because the Federal Government fails to do  its job. We have simply seen that too much. Our local co-ops are  willing and able to step up to the plate.   Solving this problem is crucial to those who live in Wyoming, where  bark beetle-killed trees and poorly managed overgrowth of Federal  forests pose true threats to the safety and health of our communities  and to our power reliability. Mr. Speaker, that is why H.R. 1873 is  supported by the Wyoming Rural Electric Association, the Tri-State  Generation and Transmission Association, the National Rural Electric  Cooperative Association, Black Hills Energy, the Edison Electric  Institute, the American Public Power Association, the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, the Western Governors Association, and many others who care  so much about our lands out West.   Wyoming supports this bill. Wyoming utility co-ops know best how to  manage the provision of electricity and how to handle these rights-of- way and also how to provide healthy and sustainable forest management  as they do so.   Mr. Speaker, I request immediate passage of this bill. It is hugely  important that we get back on track, that we stop the kind of  mismanagement from Washington that has been so damaging for so many  years, and I urge my colleagues in Congress to act quickly on its  passage.    