 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member Lowey, I  move to strike the last word.   The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Mitchell). The gentlewoman is recognized for 5  minutes.    Mr. Chairman, as the co-chair of the bipartisan  Congressional TRIO Caucus, I find this amendment, which would cut $60  million in funding from TRIO educational services that assist veterans  and low-income and first-generation college students, deeply disturbing  and misaligned with our national economic interests.   It sends the misguided message that only university education is  unnecessary for low-income students. You know, just get a little job  training and go straight to work.   I might make the observation that I don't see anybody over there who  has less than a bachelor's degree, and I know my good friend has a law  degree.   While career and technical education is very, very important, low- income students and our country's economic viability deserve the option  of educating some of our students at a 4-year-degree level.   For us to maintain hegemony in the world, we need people like Steve  Jobs, who was not a trust fund baby, who was not a legacy kid, but  someone who had the talent and ability. We need to provide opportunity  to the larger pool of talent in our country in order to be able to  create the next iPhone.   I will give you a really good example, Mr. Chairman. There is a  student who happens to live in southeastern Minnesota. As a matter of  fact, he lives in the Second Congressional District. He was once a  homeless student living in poverty, but he participated in a TRIO  program at a university in Minnesota's Second District. Now, as a  graduate student at Johns Hopkins University, he is the founder of a  biomedical startup company with the mission of launching technology to  innovate a disease diagnostic tool that has been found to be cost  effective and will be utilized worldwide.   Hunter Lin could not have benefited from just a 2-year degree. TRIO  has given him the chance to get not only out of homelessness, but the  ability to really create economic prosperity in our country.   In Minnesota's Second Congressional District, there are 1,521 TRIO  students being served at four institutions, including two community  colleges.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this harmful  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    