 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman  for the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 66, which is  just a continuation of the House Republicans' attack on working  families and their retirement security.   H.J. Res. 66 would dismantle the Department of Labor rule allowing  for State-based retirement savings programs. This does nothing more  than make it harder for this country's roughly 40 million private  sector workers who do not have a way to save for retirement directly  out of their regular paycheck.   Under the current Department of Labor rule, State administered  retirement programs can allow employees, who do not have access to a  workplace savings plan, to establish an IRA through a payroll  deduction. In my State of California, we have the California Secure  Choice retirement savings program through which the State is working to  provide a savings option to roughly 6.8 million low- to middle-income  workers.   Last Congress, House Republicans unanimously voted to undermine  another Department of Labor rule designed to protect retirement  security for working families. In that case, the rule ensured that  workers receive retirement investment advice that is in their best  interest, referred to as the ``fiduciary rule.'' Now congressional  Republicans want to prevent workers from participating in voluntary  savings programs.   The Department of Labor rule that the Republicans are now seeking to  roll back provides clarity for States and employers so that California,  and the several other States that have already enacted similar plans,  can provide a simple savings tool for millions of working families.   Mr. Speaker, I just don't understand the arguments that are being  made against the average working person who would like to have  retirement savings. I don't know who is going to benefit if we do away  with their ability to have a savings plan, even if they don't have one  under the job that they work on. Who benefits? Is it Wall Street again?  What is happening here, and why is it that we have H.J. Res. 66?   