 Mr. Speaker, I really rise on behalf of the American  people. All it takes is a simple pen and cooperation between  appropriators to get the job done.   Just a few days ago, I listened to representatives from the city of  Houston. They are only a sample of the hurting people who have suffered  after hurricanes--one of the toughest hurricane seasons in the history  of the United States. They indicated that there are 300,000 single- family homes and multi-family homes still under.   In my district alone, among other districts, from one part of the  State to the next, there are people living in shells of a house. We  have yet had a response to be able to help those individuals who have  either maxed out or don't have the insurance because they were not in a  flood zone. That requires us to not do a CR, but to work on the  appropriations.   I have got health clinics and the Texas Children's Hospital coming to  me every day wondering about the Children's Health Insurance Program  because people are hurting.   You see, I am not trying to oppose a bill for myself. I am opposing a  bill that doesn't have the needs of the American people. It doesn't  have healthcare in it. It doesn't have the hurricane funding in it. It  doesn't have the funding we need for the Army Corps for pending  projects to stop the major catastrophic flooding in Houston, Harris  County; and it has low nondefense spending.   Let me be very clear. I want a prepared military. I want them to have  the training and the equipment that they need. It doesn't have that as  well.   So, frankly, I believe that we have to stand against a war on the  American people, a tax bill that is moving along, but the  appropriations is not; $1.4 trillion taken out of the fat that does not  exist so the bones of the American people's budget--so that a tax cut  can go to the top 62 percent and 80 percent, but we can't have the  funding that we need for the American people.   This is a war on the American people and, for once, Mr. Speaker, I  have got to be on the winning side and fight for the American people.    Mr. Speaker, my good friend just spoke on the floor  of the House, and I certainly look forward to working with him and  being committed to standing against any legislation that does not  provide Hurricane Harvey funding, and the CR does not.   There is nothing in the CR that has anything to do with those who are  suffering, with houses that are in disrepair or destroyed, as well as  other items, Army Corps of Engineers items. That is why I stand ready  not to be in a dispute, but to really raise the issue with my  colleagues of how urgent it is to move to the appropriations process.   I mentioned in my remarks that I am concerned as much about military  preparedness as I am about nondefense discretionary spending. I want  everybody to be helped. I want the American people to be helped.   So my vote, whatever it might be, is going to be to drive this engine  forward to make sure resources get down to Harris County, Houston,  Corpus Christi, and all the parts of Texas that are in need, and my  fellow brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands,  and Florida.   