 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Thompson, for his  leadership on this issue. As he said, I have been a strong supporter of  this for a long, long time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2353, the  Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act.   Mr. Speaker, when many Americans think of higher education, they  think of a traditional college or university on a sprawling green  campus. They think of students leaving colleges and universities with  their degree in hand, ready for a career and set for life.   While many Americans choose this path, there is a misconception that  this is the only pathway to success. For many hardworking Americans,  the pathway to success does not require a baccalaureate degree. In  fact, skills-focused education has helped countless Americans gain the  specialized knowledge and skills they need to enter the workforce and  build fulfilling lives.   So many men and women have found success through workforce  development programs, however, we have come  [[Page H5077]]  to a critical juncture with the future of these programs, and our  educational institutions have not caught up. As a result, American  businesses, large and small, are having a hard time finding enough  workers with the skills and talent they need.   Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical  Education for the 21st Century Act, which unanimously passed the House  Committee on Education and the Workforce, provides critical reforms to  our Nation's education programs and prepares students to compete in our  competitive global economy.   Mr. Speaker, all education is truly career education, and we must  give our students every opportunity to attain the skills they need to  succeed. When students, parents, employers, and, yes, lawmakers  understand that, we will be on the right track to closing the skills  gap that exists in our country.   I want to thank my colleagues, especially Representative Thompson,  for his leadership on this issue. As the co-chair of the CTE Caucus, he  has spent years championing this issue.   I also want to thank Ranking Member Scott and Representative  Krishnamoorthi, as well as all committee members, for the bipartisan  work that is reflected in this bill.   Expanding opportunity through CTE is vital to closing the Nation's  skills gap, ending the cycle of poverty, and creating a better tomorrow  for hardworking Americans.   I urge all Members to support H.R. 2353.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for sharing her  perspective, and I look forward to working to address her concerns as  we move forward in the legislative process.   