 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H1380]]    My amendment is simple. It rescinds the authority to spend up to $30  million on a commission to do what Congress and the agencies already  do.   If you want duplication, look no further than this bill. It seeks to  reduce the size of bureaucracy by establishing a new commission to  serve a function already performed without the contribution of an  additional $30 million in taxpayer funding.   Now, $30 million may not be too much to the true benefactors of this  bill on K Street, but to seniors, veterans, students, and workers all  across this country, it can go a long way. For example, Social  Security's meager 0.3 percent cost-of-living adjustment for 2017  amounts to $4 more in benefits per month for the average beneficiary.  That means that $30 million would be enough to double that cost-of- living adjustment for 7.5 million seniors.   We all know that the cost of additional sequestration cuts on  education, health, and the environmental protection loom at the end of  this fiscal year.   The double talk and schizophrenia of my esteemed colleagues on the  Oversight and Government Reform Committee who pushed this bill through  the committee has me truly concerned for the mental state of this  Congress. They want to defund Planned Parenthood, but want to fund a  nine-member task force at a cost of $30 million.   They drag their feet and hem and haw to assist Flint, Michigan, in  funding to promote clean water and save the lives of a community, but  we can sure fund a task force to duplicate already-carried-out  activities by the Federal Government so we can say we did it to the  tune of $30 million.   The chair of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee wouldn't  allow the people of the Virgin Islands, for 100 years as part of the  United States, to receive $100,000 already earmarked for our interior.  But, we have money for this bill. And let's not discuss all the block- granting discussions going on around here in this Congress.   Today, the House majority is now asking to authorize $30 million on a  bill that would handcuff enforcement agencies in their ability to  respond to even more pressing new public health and safety problems.   Let me be clear. Reducing the burden of unnecessary red tape on small  businesses is a goal that we all share. I recognize that some  regulation is burdensome, and there should be a review of the code to  determine what can be consolidated or repealed to reduce compliance  costs.   One of the things that we seem to agree on is that retrospective  review is helpful in the regulatory process. But, retrospective review  is already going on with money that has already been authorized. All of  the agencies have been required to do this under standing executive  orders issued by President Obama.   As has been discussed before, the results have been successful in  reducing regulations. Agencies have yielded billions of dollars in cost  savings and reduced reporting requirements through the modification of  existing regulations.   People in my district get it that there is a cost to protecting the  environment, but they know that keeping our workers safe and our waters  clean is worth it. There can be and is red tape that is unnecessary,  and there is ongoing work and focus to eliminate and reduce that.   Could there be ways to improve upon existing review regulations?  There very well may be, and I am willing to work with anyone on a good  idea.   Even if $30 million were to come from elsewhere in the budget instead  of additional spending, it would be that much less that agencies would  have to conduct the already ongoing retrospective review process now  going on.   Furthermore, we in Congress also have existing responsibility to  actively conduct oversight of government operations and make  legislative changes as we see fit.   There is simply no reason to spend $30 million on this messaging  effort to ignore the successful work that is already going on by  qualified people, and to hobble the ability of regulators to safeguard  public health and safety in the process.   This Congress has money to throw at solutions in search of a problem,  but requires cost offsets to provide aid for victims of Flint or toward  Zika funding.   Please approve my amendment to save this money.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   