 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Walz) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Roe) for  their support of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak on my bill, H.R. 1545, the VA  Prescription Accountability Act. This bill demonstrates the power of  bipartisanship in this Congress, especially on the House VA Committee.   I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup) for his willingness to  co-lead this bill with me, and also the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Bergman) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Brownley) for  cosponsoring this commonsense legislation.   This bill is common sense because it improves upon the Prescription  Drug Monitoring Programs, also known as PDMPs across this country.  PDMPs are proven resources in combating our Nation's opioid epidemic.  PDMPs improve the public health and our general well-being.   In 2012, the VA was finally authorized to connect its patient  population to State PDMPs. But, unfortunately, an issue with the VA's  antiquated computer systems meant that literally hundreds of thousands  of nonveteran patients at the VA were left excluded from the data  reported to PDMPs by the VA.   As the ranking member of the House Veterans' Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee, I am all too familiar with the continued  issues with computer systems across the entirety of the VA. This issue  underscores the need for the VA and this Congress to ensure effective  and rapid reform to the VA's computer systems. When those systemic  shortcomings potentially exacerbate the Nation's opioid epidemic, I saw  the importance to take action.   Through my Bipartisan Heroin Task Force, we in Congress have learned  the importance of ensuring prescription opioids are not misused. The  consequences are truly dire. Over 30,000 Americans die in opioid- related overdoses every year. That number just continues to rise.   This bill represents a small but practical step forward in addressing  this crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this  low-cost bill. It will help ensure these important programs work as  intended by closing the gap in prescription information. I urge my  Senate colleagues to quickly take up the bill and pass it in the Senate  as well.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  McSally and Representative Jackie Speier for bringing us to the floor  today.   I speak on behalf of H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act. I was deeply  disturbed by the Marine United photo-sharing scandal, as were many of  my colleagues, both men and women, Republican and Democrat.   Our Armed Forces are the greatest fighting forces the world has ever  seen. It is unacceptable that members of the Marines sought out  intimate photographs of their fellow soldiers and distributed them  purposely online. Not only were the actions by the participants in the  Marines United scandal morally repugnant, but they jeopardized our  national security and endangered the security of both male and female  marines. Women in the Armed Forces put their lives on the line every  single day to defend our country, and they should not have their safety  risked by their fellow marines.    I am proud to support H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act, which will update  the Uniform Code of Military Justice to ensure that the type of  explicit image sharing we saw in the Marines United scandal is  expressly prohibited.   As the cofounder, with my colleague, Jackie Speier, of the Bipartisan  Task Force to End Sexual Violence, I understand the persistent  challenges that the culture of sexual violence poses on our society.   The conversation around sexual violence is beginning to change,  thanks in no small part to Members of this Congress on both sides of  the aisle. This legislation will support broader cultural reform and  improve the lives of our brave servicemembers.   This is an issue that transcends politics, and I am encouraged by the  bipartisan support for the PRIVATE Act. I urge my colleagues to support  the bill.   