 Mr. President, before my colleague from Oklahoma leaves  the floor, while we disagree on this current debate in terms of voting,  I just have to say when I see him that I constantly thank him for his  efforts last year to work with us for the community of Flint. We are  finding some hope in terms of replacing and addressing the lead  contamination, and without the distinguished Senator from Oklahoma,  that literally would not have happened. We have things we disagree on  and agree on, and this one--coming together with the families of Flint,  particularly with the children and the water impacts--he will always  have a warm place in the hearts of all of us who care deeply about that  issue. I thank my colleague very much.   Mr. President, I want to speak today about the nomination of Betsy  DeVos. Betsy DeVos's nomination is very personal to many people who  live in Michigan because Betsy DeVos is from Michigan, and her vision  of education and her actions have unfortunately played a major role in  undermining our public schools.   Families all across our State can tell the story of her work with  Michigan  [[Page S708]]  schools firsthand because they have seen it firsthand. They have lived  it firsthand. They all say the same thing. Democrats, Republicans,  Independents, people who live in cities that are big and small, parents  and teachers, principals, and community leaders from across the State-- overwhelmingly, they have told me that Betsy DeVos should not be our  next Secretary of Education.   Everywhere I go, I can't believe how people will stop me about this  and how strongly people feel in Michigan about this. They are saying  this because, among other things, she has pushed for policies that have  made charter schools in Michigan less accountable and has taken dollars  away from public schools where the vast majority of children get their  education. These are policies that have hurt our children and put their  futures at risk.   I have received so many emails and phone calls from people involved  every which way; at the grocery store, out at public events, people  come up to me. I just want to share a couple of e-mails.   Chris is a teacher from Harper Woods and worked as a teacher in the  Detroit public schools for over 20 years. He wrote: Betsy DeVos  believes in school privatization and vouchers. She has worked to  undermine efforts to regulate Michigan charters, even when they clearly  fail. The marketplace solutions of DeVos will destroy our  democratically governed community schools. Her hostility toward public  education disqualifies her.   Those were Chris's comments.   In Michigan last year, State legislators put together a bipartisan  plan, and our State legislature--House and Senate--majority is  Republican. They put together a bipartisan plan to increase both  funding and accountability for Detroit public schools.   There are a lot of wonderful things happening in Detroit. Businesses  are coming back to Detroit, and economic development is also, but we  have major work to do for our children and their schools. So there was  a huge bipartisan effort that came together to increase funding and  accountability for the public schools, including charter schools. It  was a commonsense proposal. Betsy DeVos led the effort to stop it,  particularly the part that brought critically needed public  accountability for for-profit and nonprofit charter schools.   Unfortunately, right now in Michigan we have a system where anyone  can apply to open a charter school. There are no statewide standards  for revoking the charter, and taxpayer money is sent to them with  virtually no public disclosure requirement. For example, we have for- profit charter management companies that say they are private  businesses; therefore, even though they are getting public money, they  say they are private businesses, and they should not have to comply  with a series of disclosure requirements regarding teachers and other  information that, frankly, parents would want to know and taxpayers  have a right to know.   Thirty-eight percent of charters in Michigan are at the bottom 25  percent of the schools in our State. When you look at the bottom one- fourth, 38 percent of the charters are in that category, and there is  unfortunately very little accountability for their performance.   Sadly, precious taxpayer dollars have been taken away from public  schools--neighborhood schools--to fund these charters. When it comes to  funding for public schools, she will not commit to protecting the  critical Federal dollars that serve our children.   One mom, Hillary Young from Detroit, came to Washington to watch the  confirmation hearing on Betsy DeVos in the HELP Committee. She wrote to  me. She said that she was not impressed and told a group of parents  afterwards: As a parent I can't stand silently and watch other children  be subject to similar circumstances to my child in Detroit. My sixth  grader was without a math teacher for over half the year last year  because of funding reductions. The effect of DeVos's policies is not  parents voting with their feet to go to better schools; it is children  bearing the burden for fixing the education system they are supposed to  be served by.   She goes on to say: DeVos's free market school choice system has left  our city's education landscape in chaos, leaving less choice, less  quality, and even more government bureaucracy.   We have seen parents get involved and speak out all across Michigan  and, frankly, all across the country. I have received more mail, more  emails, more phone calls on this nominee than any other, and I have  received a lot on a lot of nominees, but there is a broad outcry.   People like Kathleen, who is a farmer and a grandmother from  Farmington Hills, wrote to me: We have 15 grandchildren who are in the  public school system, and we are terrified that there will be no more  public schools and that the quality will be far inferior to charter and  other private schools. I am writing you to respectfully ask that you do  not vote to confirm Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.   I am deeply concerned about what we heard in committee about her  views on special education. In the HELP Committee hearing last week,  she suggested that States should decide on whether or not to enforce  IDEA, the Individuals with Disabilities Act that has been such a  landmark, opening doors of schools in every neighborhood across our  country, for children with disabilities. This law was enacted in 1975,  and makes sure that children with disabilities have the same  educational opportunities as other children.   My nephew Barry, who has now gone through the special education  system in Michigan, is a wonderful young man with Down syndrome. And I  have seen personally how important that was for him, to be able to go  on and be successful in the community as a part of the community. It is  a very important civil right, frankly, for children with disabilities,  as well as an essential part of our educational system.    Betsy DeVos, after her hearing, when she was asked about special  education, followed up with a letter days later and wrote about  expanding the conversation about school choice opportunities for  parents of children with disabilities, but she didn't say anything  about helping those in traditional public schools or helping students  in the schools they are in now.   For me, this is not about politics or partisan messaging or even  charters or private schools versus traditional public schools; it  really is about what is best for our children and for our country.  Families in Michigan and all across the country know this. Tens of  thousands of people have called me over the last few weeks and sent  emails and letters. Who we choose to be the Secretary of Education  doesn't just affect the over 50 million children who attend public  elementary and secondary schools, it affects the future of our country,  and it is a fundamental difference in views. A competitive free market  system, with winners and losers, works in the private marketplace. I  support that. Business is open. They compete, and if they don't do  well, they close, or they do very well and they go on and they grow.  That is a strength in our country. But it doesn't work for educating  our children because we can't afford losers. We can't afford losers  when it comes to something as basic as fundamental education and  creating opportunity for our children in the future. We need to provide  every opportunity for every child to work hard and succeed.   I support having choices. I support magnet schools and public  charters--I did that as a State Senator--as well as other choices that  are great opportunities for children, if there are equal standards and  public accountability for taxpayers' dollars so that parents can have  confidence in that accountability, and if it is part of the public  school system, the public process, and only if they are in addition to  quality neighborhood schools in every neighborhood and in every ZIP  Code. It is not just a slogan to say it shouldn't matter where you  live, what kind of opportunity you get or that your child has, and that  is becoming more and more true. It certainly is in Michigan, where this  philosophy has been a test case, and we are seeing it across the  country. We can't afford losers. A winners-and-losers system is not  good enough for our kids.   Betsy DeVos has a record of working against the vision of  accountability and standards and choice within a system where every  child has a quality neighborhood school in their neighborhood in every  ZIP Code. She has worked against that vision. She doesn't believe in  it. We have fundamental differences in what will help our children  [[Page S709]]  for the future. That is why I will be voting no on her confirmation.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, will the distinguished Senator yield for  a question?    Mr. President, will the distinguished Senator yield for  a question?    Thank you very much. Before asking my question, I want  to thank the senior Senator from Washington State for her leadership  and passion on behalf of my children and on behalf of myself. As a  product of a small rural school in Northern Michigan, my two children  went to public school, and my two grandchildren are now going to public  schools.   I want to thank you for your leadership, and I am so grateful to all  of our colleagues and our two Republican colleagues who are joining us  today.   Would you agree that when we look at this--and I certainly have a  bird's-eye view. We in Michigan have lived what has happened in cutting  public schools and moving dollars to private, for-profit, nonprofit  charters without virtually any accountability. Would you agree that  essentially we have a nominee who is looking through a lens of a  private sector for-profit model, where in the private sector we have  winners and losers, so you can have a business open and close. That is  based on our private marketplace. It works well, but in education it is  different. We can't afford for any of our children to be losers in  education, and it just doesn't work to have this competitive  marketplace; that what we need is a quality public school along with  public choices. I support public charters with accountability and other  choices, but what we have is a view of a nominee, someone who has not  been involved in public schools herself, or her children, and so on,  who comes at it from this perspective of winners and losers in the  private market, and we cannot afford any child to be a loser as it  relates to their education.   