 Mr. President, I come to speak against the  Congressional Review Act resolution to overrun an important rule that  has been put in place to protect the American taxpayer and to protect  the health of American citizens.   For almost 100 years, the Federal Government has regulated undue  waste in oil and gas fields. The story of oil and gas waste is as old  as the story of oil and gas.   Early oil gushers, like Spindletop in Texas, revealed two things  about oil as an emerging source of energy: First, there was a huge  amount of it. Second, without rules in place, it could be easily  wasted. That is why, way back in 1915, Attorney General Thomas Gregory  issued a report to the public about this issue. Gregory wrote that the  law at the time allowed oil companies to ``occupy and operate any  number of tracts of public oil land without restraint upon the  quantities of oil produced or the methods of production and  [[Page S2854]]  without rendering to the . . . government anything in return.'' One can  imagine that concern. Gregory went on to point out that ``the  incentives to speculative occupation, negligent and wasteful operation,  and excess production become obvious.''   Some of my colleagues who are not on the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee may not be familiar with the law Congress passed after  Attorney General Gregory put his finger on the waste problem. The  Mineral Leasing Act of 1920 established our modern leasing program for  oil and natural gas. More than anything else, the leasing act enshrined  the principle that the public should benefit from mineral production on  public lands. This seems like a no-brainer today, but it took over a  decade of debate to pass the leasing act.   One of the main parts of the leasing act was a requirement to avoid  wasting oil and gas. There are many environmental reasons to avoid  wasting this resource, but let's be clear: It was dollar signs that led  to the waste provision. Overproduction would glut the market and damage  the oil reserves, and wasted oil provided no return to the owners--the  taxpayers.   The leasing act is still the law, and the law says that oil and gas  operators must ``use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste of oil  or gas developed in the land.'' The law says that Federal leases must  include ``a provision that such rules . . . for the prevention of undue  waste as may be prescribed by [the] Secretary shall be observed.'' The  BLM's methane rule is entirely in keeping with that history. The rule  says that the outdated 1979 version of this rule needed to be updated.   The rule was put in place before the fracking took place that  revolutionized the industry, before the shale plays opened, and before  infrared imaging became commonplace. What has not changed since 1920 is  that oil and gas companies cannot waste public resources on public  lands.   When equipment is leaky or old, oil and gas producers vent natural  gas directly to the sky. If they do capture the gas but have nowhere to  send it, the gas just gets burned on site. This venting and flaring  causes a big problem. This photograph shows that actual problem  happening.   I am sure there are many citizens across the United States who have  witnessed this and have been concerned about what pollutants might be  entering the atmosphere. The hazardous health impacts of this are  tremendous--benzene, which causes cancer--and I will talk more about  that in a minute.   The amount of venting that is happening is enough gas to supply 6.2  million American households for a year. According to more recent  research, even higher estimates are coming in. That is enough gas to  supply every home in the interior West--Idaho, Montana, Wyoming,  Colorado, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico--with gas left over for the  Dakotas. Every home. The amount of gas we waste every single year on  Federal lands would be enough to supply Tennessee forever, and there  could be some left over for West Virginia.   On Federal lands, operators have more than doubled how much gas they  have flared and wasted between 2009 and today, and that is the practice  we are trying to stop. Under the old 1979 rule, operators had to apply  to BLM every time they wanted to vent or flare. In practice, BLM,  because they did not have a new rule in place, basically just had a  ``yes'' or ``no'' answer. In 2014, the Bureau of Land Management  received 25 times more applications to vent or flare than in 2005.   What was happening was that we as a Federal Government were failing  in our responding and updating the act to make sure producers were  living up to the intent of that earlier law, so government watchdogs  got on the issue and started calling for a solution.   The Government Accountability Office and the Interior Department's  inspector general concluded that the Bureau of Land Management needed  to change these rules. The Government Accountability Office concluded  in 2010 that about 40 percent of wasted natural gas on Federal leases  could be economically captured with existing technology.    Some States had already taken action into their own hands. In  Colorado, the State passed a strong venting and leak detection  regulation, which really became the model for the national Bureau of  Land Management, and oil and gas production has since increased.   There was a notion that in making sure that waste was not  promulgated--that it somehow was going to slow down the industry, but  it has been just the opposite. In fact, some of my colleagues and some  ranchers and others in these areas have talked about how the United  States should lead the way on new technology to stop the leakage and to  prevent these flarings as a way for the industry to show technology  leadership.   Also, in North Dakota, a Republican administration passed flaring  restrictions after years of there being uncontrolled flaring in the  Bakken. States took action, and various watchdog groups and  investigators here in Washington said the Bureau of Land Management  needed to act. The BLM finally acted, and its final rule is similar to  the North Dakota approach. So States have already been leaders on this  methane issue. But this patchwork of State rules is not what we need;  we need a Federal baseline.   It is bad enough that wasted natural gas will never have an economic  use. Making the issue worse is that every cubic foot that is vented or  flared is another cubic foot we have to produce somewhere else. What  does that mean for our wallets? Research by ICF International shows  that $330 million of natural gas is wasted intentionally on Federal  lands every year. Over time, the public is losing billions of dollars.  Over a decade, the lost royalties that have been calculated by the  Government Accountability Office on wasted gas will add up to $230  million. While the final amount, of course, depends on the price of  natural gas, we cannot afford to give up this revenue.   A vote for disapproving the resolution will let the oil and gas  industry roll back the clock to 1979. This resolution lets people  continue avoiding giving the taxpayers their fair share. It is another  example of special interests trumping the public interest.   Even worse than the taxpayer issue, though, is that wasted natural  gas harms public health. That is why those States took action. One of  the most prevailing problems on this issue is in the Four Corners  States, and my colleague from New Mexico will be talking about this  shortly.   When one looks at the entire United States on a map that shows the  amount of waste of flaring, one can see all of this yellow coloring in  the Midwest--in Ohio--and in other States, but one can see the hotspot  in the Four Corners area. The Four Corners States have tried to take  action--places like Colorado and New Mexico, with, obviously, Arizona  and Utah being affected--because wasted natural gas basically releases  a volatile organic compound. It creates ozone and smog. It also can  make people sick. This pollution worsens asthma, emphysema, and  increases the risk of premature death. It releases toxins, like  benzene, that cause cancer. And the methane, the main constituent of  the natural gas, is 25 times more powerful at trapping heat than carbon  dioxide.   That is why a recent analysis by the Clean Air Task Force found that  over 9 million people are exposed to these dangerous levels of air  pollution from oil and gas production. That is why my colleague Senator  Bennet of Colorado has been such an outspoken advocate of keeping this  rule in place. It is because that corner of Colorado has faced so many  impacts that they want to make sure their citizens are protected.   With the rolling back of this Federal rule, basically what one would  be saying is that it is OK to continue this level of pollution--an  anathema to what the people of Colorado have been asking for.   Oil and gas pollution can make rural areas seem like the middle of a  city. A few years ago, NASA scientists discovered a massive cloud of  methane over the Four Corners region. This is the highest concentration  of methane in the Nation. After aerial surveys, NASA found that over  half of the methane is from natural gas equipment, including tanks,  wells, pipelines, and processing plants. The ozone pollution in the  Four Corners is almost as bad on some days as in the city of Los  Angeles--a city with 300 times as many people.  [[Page S2855]]    As bad as methane waste is on Federal land, this rule only targets 10  percent of that wasted by the oil and gas industry because we are  targeting Federal land. It only affects a small minority of the oil and  gas production. Ninety-five percent of that production is in other  areas. But this rule is important to put in place because we cannot  ignore the impacts on pollution, and we cannot ignore the costs to our  Federal lands.   The Bureau of Land Management compared the costs and benefits of this  rule without factoring in the reductions in ozone, particulate matter,  or smog, and the BLM ignored the value of reducing carcinogens. We know  that this particular conservative analysis shows a net benefit of  between $46 million and $204 million each year. This makes economic  sense to implement.   Under the very obsolete 1979 regulation that the methane rule  replaces, oil and gas operators had to apply to the BLM whenever they  wanted to vent or flare natural gas. The old rules also had no specific  equipment requirements in place.   As I said earlier, the world has changed dramatically since 1979 when  it comes to oil and gas production. The new rule takes commonsense  approaches to stepping up our attempts to reduce this waste and  prohibit the venting, except in emergencies and in some circumstances.  They estimate that it will cut the venting by 35 percent. It also sets  capture targets for flaring, allowing operators flexibility on how to  meet those targets. The BLM estimates they will reduce flaring by 49  percent.   The rule requires operators to inspect their wells and their  equipment. People may have heard unbelievable stories from California  about a huge methane leakage that caused unbelievable amounts of  damage. We know that we want the best equipment, that we want the best  detection, and that we want a strong rule in place to stop wasting this  natural gas, give the taxpayers a fair deal, and protect the American  people from harmful levels of pollution. That is why we want this rule  to stay in place.   With America's increased natural gas production, now is not the time  to take a very solid rule off the books--a rule that protects the  American people. The technology to conduct these inspections already  exists. Infrared imaging and other technology has been sold  commercially for decades. What we are really saying is that people just  do not want to spend the money to implement them.   Fourth, the rule requires operators to replace leaky equipment, like  the pneumatic controllers and pumps, and it is trying to make sure that  we eliminate the methane waste.   So the final rule is in step with what the Government Accountability  Office told us 7 years ago--that about 40 percent of the waste can be  captured economically. BLM took those best practices and State  examples, as I mentioned, including North Dakota and Colorado, and  implemented a new rule.   It includes Colorado's venting and inspection and retrofitting  requirements, and regulation 7. It includes North Dakota's capture  targets for flared gas in it, and it includes Wyoming's venting and  inspection requirements in the Upper Green River Basin.   Not only did the Bureau of Land Management adopt the best practices  of States, but it also included a variance provision in the final rule.  Any State or Tribe with equally effective regulation in place can  minimize their methane waste and can apply for a variance from the  Department of the Interior. There is a lot of flexibility there, I  would say, for States that are trying to lead the way. But based on  this careful approach, the final rule and its benefits are estimated,  as I said earlier, to be $204 million a year.   So the public in these States that are most affected certainly want  this rule. As more Americans understand the level of natural gas  production and the wasteful venting that continues to take place, they  want this rule in place as well.   Passing the resolution just after a few hours of debate and trying to  undermine this rule would go against the 330,000 public comments that  were collected during the process of establishing this rule. So we  certainly don't want to overturn what was a very long and elaborate  process to put this very important rule in place.   Proposing more waste is not going to solve our economic challenges.  Proposing more pollution is not a solution. We know that in the most  recent annual poll by Colorado College, western voters said that 81  percent of them supported making sure that the Bureau of Land  Management had strong methane rules. My colleagues appear not to  understand how much the public wants to get this implemented. I hope my  colleagues will continue to support the effort to turn down the  Congressional Review Act resolution and instead keep this very, very  important public health and economic taxpayer solution on the books.   As Mark Boling, an executive with Southwestern Energy, a major  natural gas producer, said, this resolution and trying to turn back the  rule is ``a huge mistake.'' He pointed out that it could have  ``unintended consequences for oil and gas technology.''   So I want to make sure this rule stays in place. Let's keep a strong  rule on the books, as I said, for the health of the American people and  to make sure that taxpayers get a fair deal with these companies that  are producing on Federal lands.   I thank the Chair.   I yield to my colleague from New Mexico, who has been outspoken on  this issue in making sure that Congress addresses the flaring and  leakage of natural gas.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from New Mexico.   