 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2018.  [[Page H9206]]  I strongly believe that this bipartisan bill puts us on a course  towards readiness recovery, ensuring that our military is fully  equipped, trained, and supported.   As the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and  Capabilities, I am especially proud of our contributions to ensure  proper resourcing and authorities for cyber warfare, safeguarding our  technological superiority and defense innovation, enabling Special  Operations Forces to counter terrorism and irregular warfare threats  around the world, and energizing programs and activities that counter  the spread of weapons of mass destruction.   I would specifically like to highlight what our subcommittee has  achieved this year in the areas of cyber warfare and cyber operations.  Our emphasis on cyber has carried three broad themes:   First, we increase congressional oversight of cyber operations by  including H.R. 2807, a bill introduced by myself, Ranking Member  Langevin, Chairman Thornberry, and Ranking Member Smith, which will  ensure Congress is kept fully informed of sensitive military cyber  operations. We also require a cyber posture review to clarify U.S.  cyber deterrence policy and strategy.   Second, we bolster international partnerships for cyber warfare to  counter aggressive adversaries such as Russia, China, and North Korea.  This includes support for our NATO partners and those within the Asia- Pacific region to enhance partnered cyber capabilities and information  sharing, and to counter and mitigate adversarial propaganda efforts and  information warfare campaigns.   Third, the bill continues to build and enhance our U.S. cyber warfare  capabilities and activities--principally within U.S. Cyber Command, but  also across our government--with the services and within the  intelligence community. This includes resiliency of Department of  Defense networks, weapons systems, and supply chains.    Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, this bill reinforces counterterrorism and  unconventional warfare capabilities by fully resourcing U.S. Special  Operations Command's programs and activities, including ongoing efforts  in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia, and Eastern Europe.    Mr. Speaker, we also include a new 2-year authority to  counter irregular warfare and unconventional threats, such as those  being posed by Russia and other adversaries.   Before I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman Mac Thornberry for  his leadership, as well as my subcommittee ranking member, Jim  Langevin, from Rhode Island, for his consistent bipartisan leadership  on all of these issues.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to vote  ``yes'' on the conference report.   