 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 607, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers  as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair  Labor Standards Act of 1938, and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have  5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 3441.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3441, the Save  Local Business Act.   Mr. Speaker, the premise of this legislation is simple. It is about  protecting the ability of entrepreneurs in this country to start and  run their own business, and it is about ensuring opportunities within  reach for all Americans.   Every day, men and women across the country work hard to earn a  paycheck and provide for their families, and every day, local  businessowners work hard to keep their doors open and hire employees.   Meanwhile, bureaucrats in Washington are busy setting policies that  have a widespread impact on every workplace in the country. As we  learned during the Obama administration and from rulings made by the  previous National Labor Relations Board, too often these policies do  far more harm than good.   When it comes to rules and policies governing our Nation's workforce,  there has never been a greater need for Congress to clarify areas of  the law that shouldn't be left up to boards and Federal agencies to  decide. That is especially true regarding the joint employer issue. In  2015, when the Obama administration's NLRB unilaterally redefined what  it means to be a joint employer, the result was massive confusion and  uncertainty.   The Committee on Education and the Workforce has heard from countless  individuals on how the vague and unworkable new joint employer standard  threatens job creation, creates new roadblocks for entrepreneurs, and  upends successful business models and relationships.   H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act, will deliver much-needed  relief by providing legal clarity under the National Labor Relations  Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act. The legislation simply restores a  commonsense joint employer standard, and it does so in a way that  upholds vital worker protections and ensures all employers know their  responsibilities to their employees.   I want to thank my colleague, Representative Byrne, for introducing  and tirelessly championing this proposal, along with the Democratic  cosponsors.   I urge all Members to vote in favor of H.R. 3441 so we can protect  local jobs, opportunity, and entrepreneurship.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Byrne), the chief sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Cuellar), I want to take just a minute to express my deepest  sympathy to him, as the representative of the people of Sutherland  Springs, for this Sunday's tragic events. He is here today to do the  job they sent him to do, but we all know his heart is very much in that  community. I thank him for being here, and I hope he knows that so many  people are praying for him and the people he represents.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Cuellar).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot), the chair of the Small Business Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Roe), the distinguished chair of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Estes).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida  (Mr. Francis Rooney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Wisconsin.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Ferguson), our distinguished colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Brat).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Allen), another distinguished member from the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I understand my colleague from Virginia is  prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a no-brainer. Today, Congress has a  chance to stand up for jobs, opportunity, and local businesses in each  of our districts. This legislation rolls back an unworkable joint  employer policy that is hurting both workers and employers. Contrary to  some of the misleading rhetoric we have heard today, nothing in this  bill undermines worker protections. In fact, the bill ensures workers  know exactly who their employer is under Federal law.   I urge all Members to do what is best for the workers and local job  creators in their district by voting in favor of H.R. 3441, the Save  Local Business Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, this motion is just another attempt to ignore  the real damage caused by the NLRB's expanded and unworkable joint  employer standard which continues to hurt local businessowners and  their workers.   Let's not get distracted by this motion. Instead, let's focus on the  bipartisan solution which is pending: H.R. 3441, the Save Local  Business Act, which simply restores a commonsense definition of  employer to provide certainty and stability for workers and employers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the motion to  recommit and ``yes'' on the Save Local Business Act, and I yield back  the balance of my time.  [[Page H8580]]    