 Mr. President, last year, powerful corporate interest  groups actually stole a Supreme Court seat and handed it over to their  handpicked choice, Neil Gorsuch. Now those powerful corporate groups  are about to use that seat to deal a devastating blow to hard-working  teachers, firefighters, nurses, and police all across this country.   On September 28, the Supreme Court announced that it would hear a  case called Janus v. AFSCME Council 31. AFSCME 31 is a union  representing public sector workers in Illinois. This case will  determine whether the public sector unions that represent teachers,  nurses, firefighters, and police officers in States and cities across  the country can collect fees from all the employees in the workplaces  they represent.   Many expect that Justice Gorsuch will deliver the deciding vote in  that case, that he will force unions to represent employees who do not  pay dues and, in doing so, cut off sustainable funding for public union  organizing.   Judges are supposed to be impartial, but there is no reason to expect  that Justice Gorsuch will be impartial in this case. On the afternoon  of September 28--the very same day that the Supreme Court announced  that it would hear the Janus case--Justice Gorsuch attended a luncheon  at the  [[Page S6956]]  Trump International Hotel. And he didn't just attend an event at a  hotel that makes money for the President. Nope. He gave the keynote  speech for a rightwing group funded by one of the Koch brothers and by  the Bradley Foundation--billionaires and wealthy donors who are pumping  money into the people behind the Janus case.   It is no surprise that these rich guys want to break the backs of  unions. After all, unions speak up, unions fight back, and unions call  out billionaires who rig the system to favor themselves and to leave  everyone else in the dirt.   What is at stake in the Janus case is basic freedom--the freedom to  build something strong and valuable, the freedom to have a real voice  to speak out, the freedom to build a future that doesn't hang by a  thread at the whim of a billionaire. And just as the Supreme Court  decides to take up a decision that puts the freedom of millions of  working people in jeopardy, Justice Gorsuch shows up as the star  attraction for a billionaire-sponsored outing to celebrate an  organization that is sponsoring an operation to put workers' freedom on  the chopping block.   With this kind of brazen disregard for fairness and impartiality, it  is no wonder that Gallup Polls have found that fewer than half of all  Americans approve of the way the Supreme Court is now handling its job.  In a shameless decision to abandon even the appearance of neutrality,  Justice Gorsuch makes it clear that he is on the attack against  American unions and American workers.   In the Trump administration, workers have been under repeated attack.  Since taking office, President Trump has signed several laws sent to  him by the Republican Congress, laws that directly undermine the wages,  benefits, health and safety of American workers. In just 10 months,  they have rolled back rules designed to make sure that Federal  contractors don't cheat their workers out of hard-earned wages. They  have delayed safety standards that keep workers from being exposed to  lethal, carcinogenic materials. They have given shady financial  advisers more time to cheat hard-working Americans out of billions of  dollars in retirement savings, and the list goes on.   This is a democracy, and in a democracy, the government in Washington  is supposed to work for the people who sent us here. So why is it that  the Federal Government seems to be working against the interests of 150  million Americans who work for a living? Well, there is one reason-- money.   Money slithers through Washington like a snake. Its influence is  everywhere. There are obvious ways that we know about--the campaign  contributions from giant corporations and their armies of lawyers and  lobbyists--but it is also the think tanks and the bought-and-paid-for  experts who are funded by shadowy money, whose point of view seems  always to help the rich and powerful get richer and more powerful.   Powerful interests invested vast sums of money in electing President  Trump, and with each of his anti-worker actions, their investments are  paying off. Powerful interests also spent vast sums of money to push  Federal judges who will tilt our courts even further in favor of  billionaires and big businesses.   They did it when they spent millions of dollars to hold open a  Supreme Court seat for over a year. They did it when they spent  millions more to promote Neil Gorsuch to fill that seat. Now that the  Court is poised to deliver a massive blow to public sector unions and  workers, their investment is paying off big time.   The stakes here couldn't be higher. Millions of teachers, nurses,  firefighters, and police officers are looking to the Court for a fair  hearing of the case. They are holding out hope that their freedom to  come together and to stand up for themselves in the workplace, their  freedom to fight for higher wages, their freedom to fight for more  generous benefits, and their freedom to fight for a better future for  themselves and their children will be preserved.   Unless we make real change, working people are just going to get  kicked again and again, and we can make change. We can make the change  right here in Washington. We can stand up and fight for our democracy,  and we can start by demanding that everyone in our government is  accountable, including the President of the United States and the  Supreme Court of the United States.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   