 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). Without objection, it is so  ordered    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). Without objection, it is so  ordered    Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the 10th  anniversary of the collapse of the I-35W bridge and to pay tribute to  those who lost their lives on that tragic summer day, as well as all  the first responders, healthcare workers, and ordinary citizens who did  extraordinary things on this day 10 years ago.   First, I want to acknowledge one other topic; that is, this evening  we will be voting on the nomination of Christopher Wray to serve as the  FBI Director. I was proud to join all of my colleagues on the Judiciary  Committee--now, it is not an ordinary thing to have happen on its own  that we all agree on something--from both sides of the aisle to support  Mr. Wray's nomination in committee on July 20 with a unanimous vote of  support.   In his hearing, Mr. Wray showed that he has integrity, that he will  follow the law, and that he believes in the importance of an  independent FBI. Senators on both sides of the aisle asked him strong  and tough questions. Given this important time in our Nation's history  for law enforcement and for the FBI, I don't think you would expect  anything less.   Mr. Wray handled the questions well. He was knowledgeable, but most  importantly for me, he showed respect for the agents, and he showed  respect for his predecessors, both Mr. Mueller and Mr. Comey. He showed  respect for the law, and he understood the somber time in which he  comes in to take this job.   In particular, Mr. Wray said that if he were asked to do something  illegal or unethical, he would urge the President not to proceed with  such a course of action, and he would resign if necessary. Mr. Wray  also responded to Senator Graham that he did not consider Special  Counsel Mueller to be on a witch hunt, and he agreed that anyone  running for elected office should notify the FBI if a foreign  government offers assistance on a political campaign.   Mr. Wray also agreed with the concerns I raised that are posed by  organized criminals, including those from foreign governments or who  work for foreign governments, hiding their money in shell companies. He  said that we had to ``follow the money.'' With news reports that the  eighth person in the meeting with Donald Trump, Jr., Paul Manafort, and  a lawyer connected to the Russian Government was a Russian who has been  linked to money laundering, this issue is as important as ever.   In addition, Mr. Wray pledged to continue the FBI's efforts to work  with the Election Assistance Commission and to address cyber security  threats to our election infrastructure, so it is not just investigating  things backward. A lot of what fighting crime is about--and I certainly  knew this in my time as county attorney in Hennepin County--is making  sure you protect people going forward. The FBI has enormous  responsibilities going forward with cyber security, not only for our  elections but for our government and also for business and for  individual citizens.   Importantly, Mr. Wray promised to be responsive to requests from the  Judiciary Committee as it carries out its oversight responsibilities.  Those were questions posed to him by the committee's chairman, Senator  Grassley.   This is a tough time to take this tough job. The previous FBI  Director, as we know, was fired because of the Russia investigation.  The former Acting Attorney General was fired, and we have had a slew of  other firings throughout the government over the last few months.   Well, I believe Christopher Wray is someone who will come in there  with the integrity that is needed to do the job for those brave agents  who go to work every day, not wearing a political button. They just go  to do their work to protect us. I also believe he is the right choice  at this time for our country.   I am very proud of the work the FBI in Minnesota has done, especially  in the past year, with the stabbing we had at the shopping mall. The  police chief there often talks about how there was so much going on at  that moment, and the FBI was able to come in and help with that  investigation in a significant way, so the police chief could not only  work on the investigation with his officers but also calm the  community, work with them, and do the other work that had to be done in  the aftermath of that tragic stabbing.   That is just one example of our FBI in Minnesota, but I think every  Member in this Chamber has examples in their own communities, and that  is why it is important to have someone of the caliber of Christopher  Wray take charge. I look forward to voting for his confirmation this  evening.   