 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition  to the American Health Care Act. As a member of the Congressional Black  Caucus, I would like to answer President Trump's repeated question to  the black community; ``what do we have to lose?'' Our healthcare, Mr.  President. The Affordable Care Act has been working.   The Affordable Care Act brought my district's uninsured rate from  27.3 percent down to 20.8 percent, and insured 265,600 individuals who  didn't have health insurance before. While the main safety net provider  in my district, Parkland Hospital, provided $1 billion in uncompensated  care in 2015, Parkland and the other safety net providers faces severe  financial burdens in the House GOP proposal. One of my main concerns  with this bill is that it punishes people who get their coverage  through Medicaid by capping and slashing the program. With 70 million  Americans and 5.2 million Texans who currently rely on Medicaid, per  capita caps on the program would not meet the needs of the population  and people would suffer.   Under the Republican proposal, millions of Americans will lose their  coverage and families will pay more for fewer protections. To put this  into exact numbers, according to a Congressional Budget Office report,  24 million people would lose coverage by 2026, and 7 million people  would lose employer-based coverage. This bill includes an $880 billion  cut to Medicaid, then cuts and caps the program so that it cannot  expand and contract as needed. Medicaid covers 1 in 5 Americans and in  2015, Medicaid covered 11.2 million African Americans. This is a 25  percent cut to the program and it is harmful and unsustainable.   This piece of legislation forces Americans to pay more and get less.  The average subsidy under the American Health Care Act will likely be  about 60 percent of the average subsidy under current law. Deductibles  and out-of-pocket spending in the individual market will have to  increase due to the elimination of requirements that insurance plans  cover a certain value. Americans will pay more for their premiums, more  for their care, more on out-of-pocket expenses and deductibles; all the  while giving tax breaks to the wealthy and the tanning industry.   I urge my colleagues to consider the harmful effects of this bill.  Your constituents are asking you to work with Democrats to repair the  Affordable Care Act. We are ready to work.   