 Mr. President, I, too, rise today to oppose the  renomination of Ajit Pai to serve as Chairman of the Federal  Communications Commission. I will start my remarks by acknowledging my  friend, the Senator from Hawaii, and echoing his sentiments about the  respect I have for Chairman Pai's ability, his skill, his intelligence,  his dedication, and commitment, but I, too, as a member of the Commerce  Committee, have sat through testimony from Mr. Pai and watched a number  of things unfold with regard to policy that is critically important to  people of New Hampshire and our country. I find that I, too, am in a  position of being unable to support this nomination.   The FCC plays a critical role in overseeing our communications  networks, protecting consumers, and ensuring that our Nation's  businesses can compete on a level playing field. Unfortunately,  throughout his tenure at the FCC, and particularly during his time as  Chairman, Mr. Pai has not demonstrated a commitment to those goals. To  start, I have real concerns with the Chairman's actions to undermine  net neutrality and the impact that would have on people in New  Hampshire and throughout our country.   A free and open internet is essential to consumers, essential to  entrepreneurs and innovative small businesses that are the foundation  of our economic success. Net neutrality is the concept that internet  service providers should provide equal access to applications and  content online, and they should not be able to discriminate against  content and content providers by making certain web pages,  applications, or videos load faster or slower than others. Put simply,  net neutrality ensures that even the smallest voices and businesses can  be heard and can thrive. People and businesses in New Hampshire know  this. Granite Staters have called and written to my office in support  of net neutrality, and the FCC has received a recordbreaking number of  public comments, reaching tens of millions, from people looking to make  their voices heard on this topic.   Chairman Pai is not addressing the concerns of Americans who are  speaking out. Instead, he is listening to big cable companies and  internet service providers and taking direct aim at net neutrality  protections. That is unacceptable. Protecting net neutrality is  essential, but with Chairman Pai at the FCC, these critical rules are  in danger.   I also oppose this nomination because Chairman Pai is putting rural  broadband advancements at stake. Recently, Chairman Pai and the FCC  released a notice of inquiry that raises questions about its goals,  suggesting it will consider mobile broadband as an adequate replacement  for fixed broadband, which would allow speeds that are two-thirds  slower. For many parts of New Hampshire, mobile is not dependable  enough or fast enough to meet our economy's needs, promote innovation,  and connect young students with their homework. We must address the  challenges that rural communities face in getting access to broadband.  But by focusing instead on mobile broadband, the Chairman would have us  leave rural America without a reliable connection.   Finally, I have concerns about Chairman Pai's ability to adequately  evaluate the pending Sinclair-Tribune merger that sits before the FCC.  For decades, our Nation has maintained a policy that limits the number  of broadcast stations that one company can own nationwide. This policy  has protected Americans by allowing them to receive robust and fair  news content about their communities and has provided a diversity of  voices in the broadcast news media marketplace.  [[Page S6215]]    This merger would result in Sinclair's ability to reach over 70  percent of Americans across our country, far exceeding the Commission's  ownership caps and threatening the diversity in broadcast news that  Americans deserve and expect.   Since Chairman Pai took the lead of the FCC, the Commission has  worked to loosen regulations regarding media ownership, and, in turn,  Sinclair benefited. As this proposed merger is still under  consideration, we need someone at the helm of the FCC who will  thoroughly vet the implications and ensure that it is in the public  interest. There is too much at stake with this merger, and Chairman  Pai's actions raise doubts that he can evaluate it impartially.   We need an FCC that is focused on putting consumers first and  ensuring that all Americans have the opportunity to thrive in the 21st  century economy. There are simply too many concerns about Chairman  Pai's record, his ability to express impartiality on key decisions, and  his goals for Federal Communications Commission priorities. I will vote  against Chairman Pai's renomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   