 Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which  increases readiness and ensures that those who serve our Nation are  fully equipped, trained, and supported.   As the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and  Capabilities, I am especially proud of the oversight regarding stronger  cyber warfare capabilities, safeguarding technological superiority,  enabling our Special Operations Forces around the  [[Page H5540]]  globe, providing resources and authorities to counter terrorism and  unconventional warfare threats, and energizing programs and activities  that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction.   Our achievements in cybersecurity carry three broad themes: First,  the bill increases congressional oversight of cyber operations by  including a bill introduced by myself, Ranking Member Langevin,  Chairman Thornberry, and Ranking Member Smith that ensures Congress is  kept fully informed of sensitive military cyber operations.   Second, we bolster international partnerships for cyber warfare to  counter aggressive adversaries, including efforts to counter and  mitigate adversarial propaganda efforts and information warfare  campaigns.   Third, the bill continues to build and enhance our U.S. cyber warfare  capabilities and activities.   Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, this bill reinforces counterterrorism and  unconventional warfare capabilities by fully resourcing U.S. Special  Operations Command's programs and activities and increasing  congressional oversight of intelligence activities.   Finally, I would like to thank Mr. Rogers, chairman of the Strategic  Forces Subcommittee, for including language that supports the decision  for a future East Coast missile defense site.   I would like to thank Mr. Coffman, chairman of the Military Personnel  Subcommittee, for including portions of my bill, the Lift the  Relocation Burden From Military Spouses Act.   Before I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman Mac Thornberry for  his leadership, as well as my subcommittee ranking member, Congressman  Jim Langevin of Rhode Island, for his bipartisan energy and cooperation  on all of these issues.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 2810.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. Nadler's  amendment, which strikes language that prohibits the use of funds to  transfer or release Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States.   As we are all aware here today, GTMO holds some of the world's most  dangerous and heinous terrorists, individuals who are responsible for  and are ideologically committed to killing Americans at home and  abroad. They are responsible for killing our men and women in uniform.   Transferring these terrorists to the United States, where  constitutional protections and immigration law may apply, puts our  national security at risk and hinders our intelligence-gathering  ability.   Today, we remain in a war against al-Qaida and all associated forces.  It is the responsibility of Congress to do everything in our power to  provide the resources and authorities to win that war, and transferring  Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States undermines these efforts.  Therefore, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   