 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to a provision in the  NDAA authorizing the transfer of nearly 100,000 surplus military-grade  firearms to the Civilian Marksmanship Program for sale to the public.   This multimillion-dollar government handout to a private corporation  is bad policy. It places more military-grade  [[Page H8006]]  weapons on our streets and in our communities.   The horrific violence on October 1 in Las Vegas, the deadliest mass  shooting in modern American history, has forever altered the lives of  hundreds of thousands of families related to those 22,000 victims that  were there the day of the shooting.   It is now more urgent than ever that we take meaningful action on  passing gun safety measures. That should be our priority, yet here we  are taking a step backwards.   Instead of bringing legislation on the floor to ban the manufacture  of bump stocks that allow semiautomatic rifles to fire hundreds of  rounds per minute, instead of being on the floor to ban the sale of  high-capacity magazines used to inflict widespread carnage, or instead  of being on the floor to expand background checks to all commercial gun  sales so that felons and the seriously mentally ill and terrorists  cannot obtain access to dangerous weapons, we are here debating a  provision that increases a number of military weapons on our streets.   I know we can uphold the Second Amendment while taking reasonable  steps to reduce the toll of gun violence inflicted on our communities.  Putting nearly 100,000 more military-grade firearms designed for Army  use into our neighborhoods is not a reasonable step in the right  direction.   According to its text, the provision included in this bill mandates  the immediate transfer of an unlimited number of guns to the Civilian  Marksmanship Program for sale to the public.   This program was originally created to instruct Americans in  marksmanship, promote firearms safety, and conduct friendly shooting  competitions in controlled environments.   The NDAA provision we are speaking of today would turn this program  into a mass firearms retailer, with the new mission to sell as many  military-grade weapons to the public as possible. It defies logic and  common sense. Gun violence has become a public crisis.   So I urge my colleagues to join together and work across the aisle to  decrease the scope and devastation caused by tragic mass shootings. No  community across America should be forced to experience the grief and  trauma that my community and others like mine have gone through in  these past few years.   I ask all Members of Congress to support the Democratic motion to  instruct conferees to remove this dangerous provision from the NDAA.   