 Mr. President, just last week, the Republican-controlled  Congress rammed through a budget with the sole purpose of allowing  Republicans to enact a tax plan that would take money from working  Americans and put it into the pockets of giant corporations and wealthy  individuals. The following week they killed an important rule that  would have made it easier for Americans to hold big banks and  corporations accountable when they lie, cheat, and steal from working  families.   There have been countless stories of the Trump administration in  disarray--juicy rumors of distrust and division between and among  congressional Republicans and the White House, reports of Republicans'  inability to advance key parts of their agenda, but that is only half  the story. The other terrifying half is this. Since day one of this  administration, President Trump and congressional Republicans have been  working hard to make government work better and better for the rich and  the powerful. While they have fumbled on their legislative agenda, they  have been quietly working to help powerful interests capture our  courts.   That shouldn't come as a surprise. For decades, those powerful  interests have poured eye-popping amounts of cash into electing  politicians who will promote their interests in Washington. They have  hand-picked politicians who will enact laws that will make it easier  for corporations to abuse their workers or cheat their customers or  make an extra buck and make it harder for agencies to hold them  accountable for wrongdoing. They have executed a well-funded campaign  to rig the rules of the game so the powerful always come out on top and  the people come out on the bottom, and they know the courts are the  place where they can shape the law for decades to come.   Most Americans already know that while we have one set of laws on the  books, we really have two different judicial systems. One justice  system is for the rich and the powerful. In that system, government  officials fret about being too tough on white-collar crime so wealthy  individuals or giant corporations that break the law walk away with a  small fine and a pinkie promise not to do it again, and when those  executives break that promise, they get 2nd, 3rd, and 23rd chances.  Every time they get caught, the cycle repeats. The corporation pays the  fine, says some magic words, and everyone goes right back to breaking  the law.   The second justice system is for everyone else. In that system, tough  on crime is the name of the game. People are locked up long before they  go to trial because they don't have the money for bail. Individuals who  commit minor, nonviolent offenses are slapped with long prison  sentences, and even after they serve those sentences and are released,  they are branded with a scarlet letter that creates barriers to  employment, to housing, and to opportunity. That second justice system  even traps families, children, and elderly parents whose families are  blown apart and whose communities are destroyed.   That second justice system has earned America the dubious title of  holding the world's highest incarceration rate. Despite having less  than 5 percent of the world's population, the United States holds more  than 20 percent of the world's incarcerated population. Russia, China,  and North Korea don't even come close--not only in raw numbers but in  the percentage of their population behind bars. America's legal system  is great at locking people up but terrible at doing what it is supposed  to do, dispensing equal justice under law.   Those words--``Equal Justice Under Law''--are etched into the front  of the Supreme Court. If we truly believe those words, we need to start  making some changes, and in recent years, we have seen some progress.  Some State and local governments have made real efforts to reduce crime  and lower incarceration rates. Massachusetts is one of the States  leading the way with elected officials in both parties debating  transformative changes to the judicial system aimed at replacing this  tough-on-crime policy with smart-on-crime policies. The call for reform  also extends to corporate crime. Public outrage at corporate greed has  created  [[Page S6893]]  pressure to hold the rich and the powerful a little more accountable,  but President Trump is committed to reversing that trend. He is working  hand in hand with this Republican Congress to ensure that the rich get  to play by their own set of rules while everyone else gets crushed  under the awesome power of law enforcement.   This week will be a big step forward for the two-part justice system  as this Senate prepares to hand lifetime appointments to four judges  whose careers make it clear that they have no interest at all in fixing  our broken justice system.   Let's take a look at their records.   