 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from  Colorado for yielding and for his tireless advocacy on behalf of the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition, first, to this terrible rule, of  course, which made no Democratic amendments in order, but also in  strong support of Congressman Polis' amendment that requires the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to score the final bill, which  is the bill to take away health care from 24 million people, to score  it as amended by the Republican manager's amendment before the bill is  on the House floor.   This clearly is nothing new for Republicans, though. In fact, just 2  weeks ago, Republicans shamefully pushed ahead with the markup of their  terrible ACA repeal bill without a score from the Congressional Budget  Office. And this week, on the seventh anniversary of the Affordable  Care Act, Republicans' terrible plan to repeal this lifesaving  legislation will make it to the House floor.   One thing is clear. Republicans' proposals, of course written in  secret back rooms, would be a disaster for struggling families,  seniors, people with disabilities, low-income individuals, the poor,  and the middle class.   It would, yes, rip away health care from 24 million people, reduce  benefits, increase rates for those who can least afford this, and  transfer $600 billion in tax cuts to the very wealthy. That is  outrageous, but it gets even worse.   Late last night, in secret back rooms, Republicans introduced a  dangerous manager's amendment that doubles down on the war on women's  health and the poor, low-income, and struggling families.   Yes, once again, Republicans are attempting to move forward with a  vote on the final GOP's take away health  [[Page H2265]]  care from 24 million Americans, a bill that includes a manager's  amendment, without an updated Congressional Budget Office score.   The American people deserve to know the full damage of this  disastrous bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and support Congressman Polis' amendment to ensure that we  have updated Congressional Budget Office scores before this bill is  brought to the House floor.   I thank the gentleman for this amendment, and I thank him for  yielding me time.   