 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Illinois for  yielding to me.   I would also like to thank Representative Hice, our own Chairman  Gowdy, and Ranking Member Cummings for including in this bill, like the  similar bill from the last Congress, an update to the Former Presidents  Act to reflect the positively changed status of the District of  Columbia government since the enactment of the Former Presidents Act of  1958. As it affects the District of Columbia, this bill provides an  update to indeed reflect the law regarding the District of Columbia as  it is now as opposed to how it was at the time the Former Presidents  Act was originally passed in 1958.   In 1958, the District of Columbia had no elected local government. It  didn't have any member of this body to draw this matter to the  attention of the House. Instead, the D.C. government was run by three  Presidentially appointed commissioners, and all locally raised D.C.  funds were deposited in the U.S. Treasury--locally raised, but put  right there in the Treasury--and the Federal Government paid the  employer contribution of the pensions of D.C. government employees. You  can see why D.C. thought of itself at that time as a colony of the  United States of America.   We have changed all that. Thanks to the Home Rule Act and the work of  this Congress, this bill would treat employment of former Presidents  and the widows of former Presidents in the District government in the  same manner as employment in other local and State governments.   The Former Presidents Act was intended to prevent former Presidents  and widows of former Presidents from double-dipping in the Treasury by  collecting a Federal pension during any period they were employed by  the Federal Government or the D.C. government, just in case that  happened. However, the Former Presidents Act became outdated with  respect to the D.C. government after Congress passed the Home Rule Act  of 1973, and it needs to be updated.   The Home Rule Act granted the District of Columbia a locally elected  government. Under the Home Rule Act, D.C. local funds consisting of  local taxes and fees are deposited in D.C. government accounts, not the  U.S. Treasury. Also, because of the Home Rule Act, former Presidents  and widows of former Presidents would not be double-dipping by  collecting both a Federal pension and a salary from the D.C. government  because they are funded by what is now different governments.   I am very grateful that the House passed this bill last year. This  is, of course, leftover business from more than 40 years ago.     Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me  another minute.   While the District of Columbia struggles to become the 51st State, we  certainly appreciate at least being recognized as an independent  jurisdiction and no longer a ward of the Federal Government, as granted  by the Home Rule Act of 1973.   I particularly appreciate my friends from the Oversight and  Government Reform Committee, on which I serve, seeing to it that this  bill came to the floor, and Congressman Hice as well, and I appreciate  the leadership for placing this bill on this calendar.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge the adoption of this bill.   