 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 15 minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, the 115th Congress has now been in  session for 2 months. Republicans control the House of Representatives,  the Senate, and the White House. So what have they done so far with  that power? Have they passed legislation to create jobs or increase  wages for middle-class families? No. Have they proposed any plan to put  Americans back to work fixing our roads, bridges, and other crumbling  infrastructure? No. Have they done anything at all to help seniors who  are struggling with high drug prices and other expenses? Not even  close.   During his campaign, President Trump said over and over that he would  stand up for workers. But so far, Republicans haven't voted on a single  piece of legislation to help working families put food on the table,  send their kids to college, or save a little money for retirement. No,  they haven't helped families, but they have been busy.   With no hearings and barely any debate, Republicans have found a new  tool, one that has been used successfully only once before in history,  under the Congressional Review Act. They have used it to kill basic  protections for workers. No wonder they haven't wanted any headlines  about the actual work they are getting done.   Senate Republicans want to repeal the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces  Executive order. So instead of creating jobs or raising wages, they are  trying to make it easier for companies that get big-time, taxpayer- funded government contracts to steal wages from their employees and  injure their workers without admitting responsibility.   The American people spend around $500 billion every year on private  companies that provide goods and services to the government. Those  companies do everything from building battleships and fighter jets to  serving snacks at national parks. It is big business. It is estimated  that as many as one in five American workers works for a company with  at least one Federal contract.    With so much taxpayer money on the line, it really matters that  contractors are using it responsibly. While many contractors are good  employers, others cut corners on safety or squeeze their workers on  wages and benefits just to keep their corporate profits going up, and  they break Federal labor laws to do so. Here are just two examples.   VT Halter Marine is a company that builds ships for the Navy. They  have received $680 million in Federal contracts since 2009--taxpayer  dollars that were supposed to be used to create good, safe jobs.  Instead, VT Halter took a lot of shortcuts on worker safety, and now  they have killed or injured multiple workers at their shipyards in  Mississippi.   In 2012, a worker died after the lid of a 20-pound cast iron pot  containing abrasive ship-cleaning liquid came loose and sheared away  his face. Investigations showed that VT Halter had ignored safety  requirements to show employees how to safely handle these pots.   In 2014, a crane collapsed at VT Halter, injuring five workers,  including a crane operator, who lost part of his skull, is now blind,  and requires 24-hour nursing care. That employee had repeatedly told  his supervisors that the sensors on his crane were broken, but VT  Halter kept him working, and now he is blind and needs full-time  nursing care.   The list goes on and on. Each time, VT Halter ignored the law,  workers got hurt or killed, and the company got a slap on the wrist and  another top-dollar defense contract courtesy of the American taxpayer.   Contractors that cannot meet basic safety standards should not get a  single dollar of taxpayer money, and the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces  Executive order was the first step in making sure that this was the  case.   Other Federal contractors have found other ways to take advantage of  their workers and to boost profits. Federal contractors have been  caught stealing wages from hundreds of thousands of workers. Right here  in the Senate, the men and women who prepare the food in the cafeteria  have had their wages stolen by the contractor that employs them. The  Department of Labor just found out that hundreds of these hard-working  employees together were owed more than $1 million in back wages. This  case was right under our noses. There are countless more all across the  country where the very companies that receive taxpayer money from the  government are taking shortcuts, breaking the law, cheating their  employees out of hard-earned wages, and driving working families into  poverty.   Republicans in the House of Representatives have called this rule ``a  solution in search of a problem,'' saying it would ``only hurt workers  and small businesses,'' as if the deaths of those working for Federal  contractors or the thefts of their wages was just business as usual and  they didn't care. That position is parroted by the chamber of commerce,  which calls the rule ``burdensome'' and ``unwarranted.''   My Republican colleagues and their buddies in the giant corporations  that rely on huge Federal contracts to keep profits high want the  American people to believe that by making it easier for companies that  mistreat their workers to profit off of taxpayer dollars, somehow they  are helping workers. That is just nuts.   Here is what the rule does: When a company wants a contract from the  government that is worth more than $500,000, it has to disclose any  judgments against it for violating labor laws for the preceding 3  years. The order also asks the Secretary of Labor to work with other  agencies to come up with standards for assessing whether labor  violations are serious, repeated, or willful.   If you are a company that does right by your workers, this rule will  not affect you--not one bit. If you pay your workers fairly and keep  them safe on the job, you won't even notice the new rule. It also does  not stop companies from getting contracts if they have had just a few  violations but have taken steps to remedy the problem, and it does not  add one bit to the burden on smaller companies that bid on smaller  contracts--again, not one bit.   So who gets hit by this rule? Who is it who is complaining? Who are  the Republicans trying to protect? Massive corporations that repeatedly  cut corners that put their employees' lives at risk or that steal their  wages. This rule keeps the big corporations that are the biggest labor  violators from getting the biggest contracts.  [[Page S1597]]    Once again, this debate is about whom Congress actually works for.  Does Washington work for the taxpayers, who want to see their hard- earned money spent responsibly? Do we work for the hard-working  Americans, who want to be paid what they are promised and not have to  put their lives at risk for a paycheck? Do we work for giant  contractors that rake in enormous tax dollars and cannot even follow  basic safety rules for American workers?   I came to Washington to stand with the men and women who go to work  every day to build roads and bridges, to help communities recover from  natural disasters, and to provide healthcare to our veterans. I think  that is what we are here for. But the Republican majority wants to  stand up for giant corporations that put workers at risk. They want to  stand up against good, safe, well-paying jobs. That is their priority  in the new Congress. If they succeed, it will be the American taxpayers  and the American workers who quite literally pay the price.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The Senator from Hawaii.   