 Mr. Speaker, it is my honor at this time to yield such  time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis), a  civil rights pioneer and legend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2611, introduced by Representative Hill and  cosponsored by civil rights pioneer and legend, Representative Lewis of  Georgia, amends Public Law 105-356, which established Little Rock  Central High School National Historic Site.   H.R. 2611 would modify the park's boundary and expand the park's  authority to enter into cooperative agreements. The proposed boundary  modification would include seven privately owned residences on South  Park Street, consisting of 1.47 acres. The cooperative agreement  authority provided by the bill will allow the National Park Service to  give financial and technical aid to the property owners to preserve the  facades and maintain the ambience of a 1957 historic scene.  [[Page H7253]]    Images of the South Park Street properties are inextricably  associated with the 1957 events. As images of the Little Rock Nine,  crowds of protesters, the public, and the National Guardsmen appeared  in newspapers across the Nation and were broadcast live through the  emerging media of television, the neighborhood became as recognizable  as the high school itself.   Because South Park Street in front of Central High School retains a  high degree of historical integrity, this legislation would provide a  unique opportunity to preserve a setting that will allow visitors to  more accurately visualize the events that occurred there in 1957 when  the Little Rock Nine attempted to attend Central High School.   In 1996, the surrounding neighborhood, including these seven  privately owned homes, was listed on the National Register of Historic  Places as the Central High School Neighborhood Historic District. The  designation recognized the neighborhood's association with the  significant events of 1957 as well as the architectural characteristics  and qualities that remain relatively unchanged from that period.   All the property owners and several community members have expressed  their support for this proposal, including Central High Neighborhood,  Inc., and Preserve Arkansas.   As we move forward in these turbulent times, it is important that we  do not forget the struggles of the Little Rock Nine and the  neighborhood that moved America forward towards an integrated education  system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   