 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues in the Senate to oppose the nomination of Alexander Acosta  for Labor Secretary.   The test of whether a nominee is qualified to be Labor Secretary is a  pretty simple one: Will that person stand up for 150 million American  workers and their families? Mr. Acosta has had multiple opportunities  in more than 2 months since he was nominated for this position to  demonstrate that he would stand up for workers, and time after time, he  has refused.   Americans deserve to know where a nominee like Mr. Acosta stands on  key policy matters that will have a powerful impact on the lives of  working people.   At Mr. Acosta's confirmation hearing, I asked him where he stood on  three policy issues that are important to working Americans and their  families.   First, will you promise not to delay a rule that will protect 2.3  million Americans from being poisoned by lethal cancer-causing silica  on the job?   Second, will you appeal a Texas court's injunction that has halted  implementation of a new overtime rule that would give 4.2 million  Americans a $1.5 billion raise in a single year?   And third, will you promise not to delay a rule that will stop  investment advisers from cheating retirees out of an estimated $17  billion a year?   Now, these are not tough questions. For most people, these would have  been total softballs: Will you keep workers from being poisoned, will  you make sure that employers pay for overtime, and will you make sure  that investment advisers aren't cheating retirees? Come on. This is the  very least that a Labor Secretary can do--the very least.   Mr. Acosta refused to answer a single one of these questions.  Instead, he bobbed and weaved, stalled and repeated my questions; he  even insisted that these topics were so complex that he needed more  time to study them. And it wasn't just my questions that Mr. Acosta  refused to answer. He spent more than 2 hours ducking, hand-waving, and  dodging basic questions from committee members--both Democrats and  Republicans--questions about whether he would commit to stand up for  workers on issues that profoundly affect their health, their safety,  and their economic security.   Mr. Acosta has been so evasive about his views that we still have  virtually no idea what he will do to help or harm workers if he is  confirmed for this job.   The fact that Mr. Acosta isn't willing to step up on easy questions  and tell us that he will be on the side of workers tells us a lot about  him--and none of it is good.   That is particularly troubling, since Mr. Acosta is President Trump's  nominee, and we can see how President Trump treats workers. In less  than 100 days on the job, President Trump has managed to kill, weaken,  or undermine an unprecedented number of protections for working people.   He signed a bill to make it easier for government contractors to  steal wages from their employees.   He signed a bill to make it easier for employers to hide injuries and  deaths that their workers suffer on the job.   He signed a bill to keep cities from offering retirement accounts to  more than 2 million employees who don't have access to a retirement  plan on the job.   He delayed a rule protecting workers from lethal, cancer-causing  beryllium.   He delayed a rule protecting construction workers from deadly silica.   And he delayed a rule preventing investment advisers from cheating  retirees--a rule that will save hard-working Americans about $17  billion a year.   That is a pretty long list, and it doesn't even include the  devastating impact to workers of the President's proposed 20-percent  cut to the Labor Department funding, which means fewer cops on the beat  when employers steal wages or force people into unsafe working  conditions.   During his campaign, President Trump talked a big game about standing  up for workers and creating good, high-paying jobs. But if his first  100 days are any indication, his real plan is to keep corporate profits  soaring by gutting the rules that American workers depend on to keep  money in their pockets, food on their tables, and to keep them safe in  the workplace.   Unlike President Trump's first failed nominee for this job, Mr.  Acosta is not openly contemptuous of people who work hard for a living,  and I suppose we should be thankful for that. But that is not the test  for Labor Secretary. The test for Labor Secretary is whether this  person will stand up for American workers.   Mr. Acosta won't make that commitment, and he has made it perfectly  clear that he sure won't stand up to President Trump. That is just not  good enough. Because of this ongoing evasiveness, I have no confidence  that Mr. Acosta is the right choice for this position, and I urge my  colleagues to join me in opposing his confirmation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   