 Mr. President, I would like to divide the time, claim 30  seconds, and then yield to Senator Sanders.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, if Members of this body care about  insurance coverage for young people, young adults up to age 26, then  they should vote no on the Heller side-by-side and take the opportunity  to support my amendment that we will vote on immediately following the  disposal of this amendment.   In this Nation, we had an uninsurance crisis among young people  before the Affordable Care Act was passed--one of the most uninsured  demographics in America, and we have an opportunity to protect those  young people through my amendment later this evening, but I urge a  ``no'' vote on an amendment that would do nothing to protect these  young people.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.    Mr. President, my amendment protects the Affordable Care  Act benefits for young people, including the provision that allows  young adults to remain on their parents' health plan until age 26. It  will safeguard our future generations by blocking Republican efforts  that would weaken dependent coverage, increase premiums or out-of- pocket costs, including the premium tax credits, or reduce the number  of young adults who are currently insured.   As someone who didn't have access to quality health insurance until I  was in my 20s, I championed the provision that allows young people to  stay on their parents' health insurance during my time in the House of  Representatives. Before we passed health care reform, I heard from  countless young adults and college-age students in Wisconsin who are  just starting out in the workforce, many of them in jobs that had no  health care.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.    I urge my colleagues to stand with me and vote in  support of this amendment to protect our future generations with health  care coverage.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of  that act for the purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the  yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There is a sufficient second.   The question is on agreeing to the motion to waive.   The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk called the roll.    Madam Clerk, how am I recorded?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is not recorded.    I vote no because--   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not allowed during a vote.   The Senate will be in order.   --the people of Wisconsin did not send me here to take  away their health care.   