 Mr. Speaker, let's talk about pain here today.   Let's talk about Leslie and her husband, who found out that they were  pregnant and were thrilled. Unfortunately, the pregnancy did not go  well. Tests revealed that Leslie's fetus' brain never divided into two  separate hemispheres, giving her child no chance for survival. Let's  talk about pain.   By the time the test exposed this tragic news, Leslie was over 20  weeks pregnant, but she lived in a State without an abortion ban. Now  she lives in Wisconsin, where abortions after 20 weeks are illegal. Had  she lived there during this time, she would have been forced to deliver  a baby and be pregnant for 20 more weeks, compounding the emotional  horror of the experience. Let's talk about pain.   In Leslie's own words: ``I still mourn my daughter every day, but I  cannot begin to understand how a position that would rather see me dead  and neither of my sons ever born just to prolong a tragically doomed  pregnancy can be called `pro-life.'''   On behalf of Leslie, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 36.  We must stop the bans and stop the pain.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise for a second time today in strident opposition  to H.R. 36.   This bill is unconstitutional, and it is an overt attempt to  challenge women's constitutional right to a safe and legal abortion.   It is really disturbing that funding for the Children's Health  Insurance Program and community health centers has expired, but yet  this majority is focusing on doubling down on their crusade against  women's healthcare.   Let's talk about pain a little bit here. What is especially painful  about this bill is that there is an exception in this bill for rape  victims only when they report to law enforcement officials, thus  resurrecting the debunked legitimate rape argument.   Many women can't report rape for a variety of reasons, probably also  including the sanctimonious social stigma that their Congressman or  Congresswoman would place upon them. So this bill underhandedly  revictimizes vulnerable rape survivors.   Madam Speaker, I am a survivor of rape. That is painful. This bill is  a cruel and ruthless attempt to undermine women and attack our rights  to govern our bodies, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote against  this unconstitutional bill.   