 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this bill, which began as  a must-pass reauthorization of the Federal Aviation Administration but  has  [[Page H7565]]  now become a Christmas tree for unrelated Republican priorities.   Puerto Rico is on the brink of a humanitarian crisis following  Hurricane Maria that is being exacerbated by Trump's and Congress'  failure to adequately respond. Tens of thousands in Texas and Florida  are just beginning to pick up the pieces following Hurricanes Harvey  and Irma. Yet, other than the small initial down payment of disaster  aid we passed--which I might add Chairman Hensarling voted against-- Congress has yet to pass a single policy reform that will actually  improve the lives of any of those who found themselves in harm's way.   This is the first time in this Congress that we are debating a flood  insurance policy change on the House floor. However, this is not a  policy change that would address the resilience of the Flood Insurance  Program, help families to recover, or improve our country's response to  natural disasters. No. The Republican response to the catastrophic  storms of these last 2 months is to muscle through the expansion of  private flood insurance, which has long been sought by the insurance  industry.   Now, let me be clear. I don't oppose this policy. I voted for it last  Congress and I voted for it when we marked it up in committee this  year. But moving this bill at this time, while ignoring all the other  policy responses needed but the Flood Insurance Program and the ongoing  natural disasters in our country, is simply irresponsible.   The NFIP will expire on December 8 of this year, and we still lack a  credible plan to ensure that it is reauthorized for the long term.  Therefore, I will oppose any and all efforts to break apart the debate  on substantive reforms to the NFIP from the reauthorization debate we  should so desperately be having.   The bill before us today does absolutely nothing to address the  stability of the NFIP, which is in jeopardy following a devastating  series of catastrophic hurricanes across several States and U.S.  territories. We know that we will need to increase the NFIP's borrowing  authority so that policyholders from Harvey, Irma, and Maria can be  made whole, but the chairman has no plan to deal with the debt,  frequently telling those of us who have urged him to consider debt  forgiveness to just forget about that idea.   I have long called for Congress to forgive NFIP's debt, particularly  because of the unsustainable burden placed on policyholders paying  hundreds of millions of dollars a year just on the interest for the  government to pay itself back. Flood insurance is already unaffordable.   So why are we continuing to make it worse by saddling policyholders  with interest on a debt that will never be repaid?   We need thoughtful, comprehensive solutions to a long-term  reauthorization that addresses the debt, affordability, mapping, and  mitigation. That is not what we have before us today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. David Scott), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman  an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the ranking member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of  my time to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), a true expert on  flood insurance issues.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.   