 Mr. President, I want to first thank my friend and  colleague, the senior Senator from Minnesota, Ms. Klobuchar. She is a  very important part of our Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry  Committee. She provides tremendous leadership. We both come from great  ``M'' States. So it is always great to have an opportunity to be part  of sharing remarks on such an important topic. I am also pleased to  state that Senator Heitkamp will be joining us today, as well, from  another very important rural State.   Michigan small towns and rural communities embody much of our State's  way of life and drive our economy forward. I grew up in one of those  small towns, in Clare, in Northern Michigan. I believe that towns like  mine should be celebrated and strengthened. We want young people to go  to college and feel that there is a future to come home to, either back  to the farm or the small business or participating in the community or  maybe working at the local hospital, but being part of continuing this  important way of life.   People in our communities deserve every opportunity to be able to  raise their families with well-paying jobs and a high quality of life,  like everyone in every part of Michigan and all across the country  wants to have, but many rural areas and many small towns face unique  challenges in developing and maintaining infrastructure.   Broadband. We now need to make sure that the farm at the end of the  road is connected with high-speed internet. At one point in our  country's history, it was the telephone. It was electric poles and  being able to connect the farm at the end of the road to the rest of  the community. Now it is high-speed broadband, and it is critically  important that that happen.   Providing high-quality health services and education. My mother was a  nurse--the director of nursing--at the small hospital in Clare for  many, many years. So I know how important not only healthcare was and  making sure there were doctors in our town but also making sure there  were jobs, because one of the top employers in our community was the  hospital. That remains true today.   When the Trump administration released its budget proposal at the end  of the month, frankly, I was shocked to see the kinds of disinvestments  and sharp cuts that would hurt small towns like Clare and rural  communities all across Michigan and all across the country. No matter  which part you look at, President Trump's budget is bad for rural  Michigan, and it is bad for rural America.   First, the budget calls for a 21-percent cut to the U.S. Department  of Agriculture, which is our second largest industry. One out of four  jobs in Michigan is connected to agriculture and the food economy. In  the President's budget, it was decided that the third largest cut to  any Federal agency would be in the Department of Agriculture. This will  dramatically reduce and eliminate very key rural development services.   The budget would zero out funding for water and sewer infrastructure  projects, which is amazing to me. I can drive from one end of Michigan  to the other and see communities in which rural development has made  all the difference in supporting the ability to have clean water and  water and sewer systems, as well as other important infrastructure.  This program has improved nearly 6,000 rural water systems, including  many in Michigan. There is an extremely high demand for upgrading water  and sewer systems across the country. Right now, the USDA has a backlog  of nearly 1,000 applications from small towns that need to improve  their water systems.   President Trump's answer, as part of his infrastructure package, is  to say that this will come from not supporting rural communities  ourselves but leaving it up to Wall Street investors or, maybe, foreign  countries to invest in our water systems, like Saudi Arabia or China.  The fact is that Wall Street investors are not investing in rural  communities. I would argue that that is not a good strategy anyway. We  know that, when you depend on that kind of a strategy--foreign country  investor or Wall Street investor efforts--  [[Page S3311]]  those investments are not being done in small towns like the one in  which I grew up. Towns with populations of a few hundred people cannot  afford the high interest rates--or the toll roads, by the way--that  come with a lot of the projects in this kind of approach.   The budget also undermines rural jobs and businesses in communities  in which unemployment is already too high. The USDA's small business  loans are eliminated under the President's budget. Again, I can go from  community to community around Michigan and see wonderful small  businesses operating with the support of rural development loans. These  are programs that have saved almost 800,000 jobs and have helped  finance more than 107,000 businesses in the last 8 years alone.   This proposal that the White House put out also jeopardizes what I  talked about earlier, which is rural broadband, or high-speed internet,  for communities in order to access education, rural healthcare, and  telemedicine, as well as addressing issues like resources to curb the  opioid epidemic. Last year, the FCC found that 39 percent of rural  Americans--that is, roughly, 23 million people--lack access to high- speed internet service. This is astounding to me when we look at this  as a challenge that we have in 2017.   President Trump's budget also targets the farm bill directly for $231  billion in cuts. We work together on a strategy for a 5-year economic  development plan. We do it on a bipartisan basis. It will be time to  bring that up again next year. That 5-year process gives certainty to  our farmers and communities and those interested and committed to  conservation and bioenergy and all of the other provisions in the farm  bill. To see--outside of this 5-year period and our bipartisan  process--the Trump administration come in and target these funds for a  cut of $231 billion, again, is shocking to me. If that were to pass, it  would be impossible for us to write the next farm bill next year.   Cutting crop insurance by $29 billion would take away critical  support for farmers right at a time of low commodity prices. We moved  from subsidies to risk management in crop insurance in the last bill,  saving taxpayer dollars. We made a commitment to farmers purchasing  insurance, where they are writing a check for the insurance bill  instead of getting a subsidy during good times, but you have the  insurance if there is a weather event, if commodity prices are low, if  there is another challenge like we are seeing today for our farmers.   Our farmers also need export opportunities in order to sell their  products, which are in high demand around the world. We have to be able  to sell agricultural products. The budget eliminates important market- access programs to help our farmers sell. Simply put, cuts to these  programs mean lower economic growth, less development, less  opportunity, and a lower quality of life in small towns in Michigan and  all across rural America.   Our small towns and rural communities deserve better, and we are  standing here today as advocates and voices for them. We know, as farm  prices are down nearly 50 percent from their highs just a few years ago  and producers are struggling to make ends meet, that these are  challenging times, and we need to understand that. We need to write a  farm bill and focus on those areas to support our farmers and growers.  We know there are those like our dairy farmers, in particular, who are  in challenging times, and we need to make sure we are addressing their  concerns as well.   Rural America is the economic backbone of the country. Somebody has  to grow something, and somebody has to make something. Otherwise, you  do not have an economy. That is what happens in rural Michigan and  rural America. Yet we also know that too many communities are still  struggling to recover from the great recession.   From my perspective, I join with the 500 groups from every part of  agriculture, the food economy, nutrition, and conservation groups-- everyone involved in the food economy--in saying that we cannot afford  additional cuts to agriculture, rural communities, and other parts of  the farm bill that support our ongoing economy.   It is critically important that we stand with those in every small  town in Michigan and across our country in saying that we understand  and are partners with you in making sure that, when you work hard, you  have the quality of life for yourself and your family that you deserve,  and we are going to do our part to make sure that support is there.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   