 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is observed that we are being asked to  confirm a Treasury Secretary who helped bring about the 2008 financial  crisis and profited off the misery that followed.   During his campaign, President Trump promised to crack down on Wall  Street abuses. In one of his campaign ads, the President said that the  CEO of Goldman Sachs was part of a ``global elite'' that was ``robbing  our working class.'' He said that on Wall Street, ``It's the powerful  protecting only the powerful.''   Given his campaign promises, it is astounding that President Trump  nominated Steve Mnuchin, someone whose business record embodies the  worst abuses from the financial crisis, to serve as Secretary of the  Treasury.   In the fall of 2008, when I served in the U.S. House, then-Treasury  Secretary Hank Paulson came to Capitol Hill and painted a dire picture.  He told us that without drastic intervention by Congress and the White  House, the entire global financial system would collapse. The situation  was so dire, he argued, that we could not even pause to provide  additional, meaningful relief to the millions of families across the  country facing home foreclosures.   In the years that followed, we learned a lot more about just how bad  things were. Many banks sold mortgages to people who couldn't afford  them, packaged those mortgages into complex financial instruments,  colluded with ratings agencies, and sold those ``products'' as solid  investments.   The American people stepped in with hundreds of billions of dollars  to bail out Wall Street. But without effective, broad laws in place  before the financial crisis to prevent predatory lending, millions of  people lost their homes and trillions of dollars in household wealth.  Many of those victims have yet to recover.   That was bad enough as it was unfolding, but in the years that  followed, we learned more and more about the numerous abuses these  banks perpetrated on the American people.   After years of pushing subprime loans on minority homeowners who  couldn't afford them, foreclosures devastated minority communities  across the country. According to a 2010 study by the Center for  Responsible Lending, minority homeowners were 70 percent more likely to  lose their homes in foreclosure proceedings.   Many banks also violated judicial foreclosure proceedings when they  signed hundreds of thousands of foreclosure documents without reviewing  them, also known as robo-signing.   Some of my colleagues might argue that it isn't worth rehashing this  devastating economic history, but I disagree because today we will be  asked to vote for a Treasury nominee whose questionable business  practices earned him the title of ``Foreclosure King.''   As a senior executive at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, Steve Mnuchin  was an evangelist for the types of financial transactions--credit  default swaps and collateralized debt obligations--that crashed the  economy in 2008. He said these instruments were ``an extremely positive  development in terms of being able to finance different parts of the  economy and different businesses effectively.'' What was essentially  just business to him devastated the economy and the lives of millions  of people.   As the CEO of OneWest, Mnuchin was deeply involved in subprime  lending and was responsible for tens of thousands of foreclosures  across the country. Under Mr. Mnuchin's leadership, OneWest was among  the worst offenders in robo-signing foreclosure documents. While he  denied this fact during his confirmation hearing, a vice president at  OneWest admitted to signing 750 documents per week while spending less  than 30 seconds on each one. In other words, he was very busy robo- signing these documents.   Under Mr. Mnuchin's leadership, a OneWest subsidiary, Financial  Freedom, foreclosed on more than 16,000 seniors who were living on  fixed incomes and who had reverse mortgages with that company. In one  case, the company foreclosed on a 90-year-old woman's home over a 27- cent debt.   Hundreds of families across Hawaii who had mortgages with OneWest  felt the impact of Steve Mnuchin's business practices personally.   In 2013, I received a letter from Suzanne on the Big Island. Suzanne  is a retired Navy civilian. She depends on her disability and  retirement income to afford her modest home in Hilo. She had her  mortgage through OneWest. When she wrote to me, her home was in court- ordered mediation pending foreclosure. Suzanne went into mediation in  good faith, assuming that OneWest would assist her with a loan  modification. Well, she was wrong. Suzanne and OneWest agreed that  before she signed any modification, she would receive a written offer  that included the full terms of the agreement. But during their second  mediation meeting, in violation of the agreement, OneWest told Suzanne  that she owed $30,000 more than her records showed and made a  unilateral offer without disclosing any of the terms, contrary to what  they had agreed to.   Suzanne wisely refused to accept the so-called offer. At the time  that she wrote to me, OneWest was pushing a judge to proceed with her  foreclosure. ``I can afford my home,'' she wrote. ``I want to keep my  home, but the difference between $1,300 and $1,500 a month is huge.''   OneWest has billions and is considering going public this year.   She went on to say: ``They have made unreasonable offers, lost  paperwork, ignored requests. All the nightmares you hear about on the  news, well, consider me a poster child.''   Suzanne asked us to write to Steve Mnuchin on her behalf, even though  she knew that OneWest had a record of hanging homeowners like her out  to dry. She said: ``It seems to me that Mr. Mnuchin was one of the  architects of our meltdown.'' She is right.   There are tens of thousands of stories from OneWest customers like  Suzanne across the country, and Mr. Mnuchin is responsible for each one  of them as CEO of OneWest. Now President Trump is asking us to confirm  Mr. Mnuchin to serve as Treasury Secretary.   Throughout his campaign, President Trump made it clear that he wants  to dismantle Dodd-Frank, eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, and roll back financial regulations that would prevent another  financial crisis. As Treasury Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin would be charged  with implementing this agenda.   Credible economists have warned that we could end up in another  financial crisis. My question is, Who would a Secretary Mnuchin try to  save--Wall Street or the millions of people who will be adversely  impacted? His record shows which path Steve Mnuchin  [[Page S1100]]  would choose. That is why I call on my colleagues to oppose this  nomination.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   