 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member  Grijalva for their leadership. I also thank Congressman LaMalfa,  Congressman Schrader, and all of the other Members for their hard work  on this issue. In particular, I thank Congressman Gosar, who is here  today, Congressman Tipton, and Congressman O'Halleran for cosponsoring  our bipartisan amendment.   Mr. Chairman, the Sinema amendment ensures the Forest Service and the  Department of the Interior are educated on how unmanned technologies  are transforming the energy industry to improve maintenance, lower  costs, and reduce the risk of wildfires. Unmanned technology is  changing the way Arizonans do business.   Currently, energy companies use manned helicopters to check  transmission lines and direct repair and maintenance crews. This work  ensures Arizona's electric grid remains resilient, reliable, efficient,  and that it  [[Page H5030]]  works when Arizona families and businesses need it. But utilities and  cooperatives believe that unmanned technology can improve the way we  manage our energy infrastructure. Unmanned technologies can monitor  transmission lines quickly and safely in multiple locations, enabling  more efficient operations and maintenance.   They provide better situational awareness to crews and managers,  reducing accidents and workplace injuries. It also improves vegetation  management, disaster prevention, and disaster response. These are  critical issues in my home State of Arizona. In rural areas, our  transmission and distribution lines run through Federal land that are  prone to wildfires.   I am a cosponsor of the underlying bill because I recognize the  importance of keeping these rights-of-way clear of dry brush and fallen  trees. Streamlining the process that allows us to perform routine  maintenance and prevent wildfires that too often endanger our  communities is just commonsense. Our bipartisan amendment improves the  underlying bill by ensuring that unmanned technologies integrate  appropriately, quickly, and effectively into broader vegetation  management, disaster prevention, and disaster response strategies.   Unmanned technologies have the potential to improve efficiency, lower  energy costs for Arizona families and businesses, and reduce the risk  of dangerous wildfires by ensuring that rights-of-way are reliable and  properly maintained. Federal agencies should be prepared to embrace  these smart technologies.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Sinema amendment  and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to extend my thanks to my  friend and colleague, Mr. Gosar from Arizona. I encourage my fellow  Members to support the amendment and the underlying bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   