 Mr. President, I think all of us understand the gravity  of moving forward on a CRA. It is not a usual procedure; it is limited  in terms of filibuster rules, and it is extraordinary. In this case,  unfortunately, it is necessary. Had the previous administration  actually listened and worked constructively with Senator Manchin and me  and my utilities and the coal industry in North Dakota, we would not be  standing here now.   This was a rule that had a specific intent of addressing mining  practices in Appalachia. Yet the former administration made the rule  applicable to the entire country.   I don't know that any of those folks drafting the rule had ever been  to North Dakota to see just how different our mining practices and  geology are compared to Appalachia, so I invited former Assistant  Secretary Schneider out last year to take a look for herself. When she  came out, she heard directly from North Dakota utilities, regulators,  and coal companies, and she saw how our operations differ and how my  State is a national leader in reclamation. Based on the final rule, it  is apparent that the rule was already made before her visit, and the  input of the folks back home in my State, quite honestly, was not taken  seriously.   North Dakota coal stakeholders estimate that the rule could cost coal  producers in North Dakota alone approximately $50 million annually in  additional compliance costs and take more than 600 million tons of  otherwise mineable, affordable coal off the table.   I will tell you, when you look at the landscape of North Dakota and  you are sitting there and you are explaining this and you are showing  how one rule would require equipment to be moved, draglines to be  moved, and how all of that makes absolutely no sense in terms of the  resource and, in fact, in terms of the difficulty of actually doing  reclamation that needs to be done in that situation; when you are  standing out there and you actually look at it, the only conclusion you  can come to when you see the net result of this rule is that it was  intended to shut down coal mining. That is the only conclusion I could  come up with. It wasn't about clean air and clean water; it wasn't  about protecting this resource; it was about shutting down the coal  mines.   So this impacts not only the ability of our utilities to access this  affordable and abundant resource, it hits thriving rural communities  throughout North Central North Dakota, communities like Hazen,  Washburn, and Beulah that rely on coal for good-paying jobs, for  funding our schools, for fire protection, for law enforcement and other  community resources that allow our rural communities and healthy middle  class to thrive in the State of North Dakota.   One-size-fits-all rules do not make any sense. And when you look at  the application of this rule and once-size-fits-all, it clearly makes  no sense. The beautiful mountains, forests, and streams that dominate  the West Virginia landscape, as just described by my great friend  Senator Manchin, are nothing like the rolling prairies, the buttes, and  the prairie potholes of North Dakota. How anyone can look at these two  States and think that a rule which is promulgated which will be  universally applied can logically be applied to those two different  landscapes--the logic of that completely escapes me.   A rule that requires enhancements to the land, including trees and  permanent fencing to keep livestock away from streams--well, in North  Dakota, we are pragmatists. Not only do we return the land to the same  or better condition, we usually convert that land from farm or  ranchland to this beautiful landscape we see here.   I want everyone to understand what reclamation looks like. I want you  all to understand that this used to be a strip mine. This used to be a  big hole in the ground producing coal. And over generations, and  restoring this to the topography--the biggest challenge we have in  North Dakota is convincing the original landowner, who would love it to  be straight so it is easier to farm, that we have to put it back the  way it was.   My colleagues can look at this landscape, and they cannot tell me  that the company that did this and the State that set the standards and  the commitment that was made to reclamation was not honored; that it is  not working in North Dakota and that we need a one-size-fits-all stream  regulation to fix a problem that doesn't exist--a problem that is going  to cost us $50 million and hundreds of jobs in my State. This is  exactly why the people of this country get frustrated, and the people  of this country do not understand why Washington, DC, thinks they know  it all.   As a matter of fact, our reclamation programs are highly regarded,  and we are, in fact, recognized for doing the best reclamation in the  country. I would point to the 2016 Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation  Small Project  [[Page S624]]  Award that went to our mine reclamation project in Bowman, ND.   Our coal industry and our utilities are always willing to work with  the Federal Government on regulations that focus on actual results, on  improving environmental safety and standards. They are willing to do  that again. They have never had an issue with updating this regulation.  All that was asked was that the former administration listen to them,  actually believe their eyes when they see the work we are doing and  understand the impact of that rule.   It was done in haste, it was done hurriedly, and it was done so they  could check a mark and say: See, we really are leaving it in the  ground.   If you want to be leave-it-in-the-ground, then have the courage to  come here and say that this country, in the next 20 years, will not  extract one fossil fuel from the ground.   I have great respect for Senator Markey. He was just here talking  about how we have made progress because of the conversion from coal  mining to natural gas. It is a little disingenuous, I would say,  because the whole while, we are talking about how this conversion would  not have been made possible if it weren't for industry practices of  utilizing fracking to extract natural gas.   This is a structured movement using bogus regulations to promote a  national policy without having the courage to just advance that  national policy forward, which is to leave it in the ground.   We heard from Senator Manchin. I want everyone who says: We are going  to pursue a leave-it-in-the-ground national policy--I want them all to  think about what that does to women and children who live on fixed  incomes. I want you to think about what that means for reliable,  redundant, and affordable power generation in our country. We are going  to let the market decide.   We have moved toward wind energy, which, ironically, the big movement  of wind energy was facilitated by a compromise we reached over a year  ago that dealt with allowing for the export of crude oil out of this  country--the lower 48--in exchange for more permanency and for  production tax credits and investment tax credits. We can, in fact,  achieve a public policy result if we work together and if we don't have  hidden agendas like ``leave it in the ground.''   This rule was wrong, it was structured wrong, and it attacks an  industry that does this. I will tell my colleagues, I have been out  there. I have worked in this industry and I have been a regulator of  this industry. This is not unique. This is what reclamation looks like  in North Dakota. And to suggest that we have not been good stewards, to  suggest that somehow we are contaminating this beautiful resource by  what we are doing, is wrong on so many levels. It is costly to our  consumers. It costs us jobs, and it is wrong on so many levels.   With that, I would say, please--this is a process that should only be  used very rarely but I think is being used appropriately in this  situation with the stream rule. So I stand with my friend Joe Manchin  in helping sponsor this CRA. We will continue to fight for our  industry, fight for our good-paying jobs, and fight for commonsense  regulation that actually achieves the purpose of protecting this  beautiful resource we have in North Dakota.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   