 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman for  yielding me time and for her tremendous leadership as our ranking  member on the Rules Committee. It is a true testament to her love for  our country and for our troops.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition, first, to this terrible rule, but,  of course, also in strong support of this amendment to sunset funding  for the 2001 AUMF, after 240 days after enactment of this act.   This important amendment would provide Congress plenty of time to do  our job and finally have a debate and vote on matters of war and peace.   Mr. Speaker, last week, Republicans unilaterally decided to kill my  bipartisan amendment to sunset the 2001 AUMF, which would allow 8  months to debate and vote on a new one before it would be enacted.   This amendment was adopted on a bipartisan basis in the full  Appropriations Committee. It was stripped out of the bill in the dead  of the night, with no debate or vote from the Rules Committee.   This undemocratic and underhanded behavior really makes me wonder:  What is Speaker Ryan so afraid of?   I came to the Rules Committee this week and asked them to rectify a  wrong and allow a debate and a vote on this important measure, and they  refused.   I even offered a second amendment, which we have before us today,  which would sunset the funding for the 2001 AUMF, 240 days after  enactment--that is 8 months--which would allow ample time to debate and  vote on any replacement. This would be repeal, but remain in place,  allowing 8 months to debate this.   Even though this amendment was germane to the bill, Republicans  refused to even allow a debate on this important measure and a vote.   I understand Speaker Ryan has said that it was a mistake to include  my original amendment and that it would endanger our national security.   Initially, on June 29, according to press accounts, my colleague and  friend, who supported this amendment, Chairman Cole responded and said:  It is time for leadership to wake up, and the administration to wake  up, and send over a recommended AUMF, mark it up, and take it to the  floor. I don't know any other way to get their attention because we  have been talking about it for years.   Now, instead of listening to their own party, what do they do? They  stripped our bipartisan amendment.   Some Members have said that the funding would be cut immediately with  this amendment, but that is furthest from the truth. That is very  disingenuous. That would be irresponsible, and I would in no way offer  an amendment like that.   It would allow 8 months for Congress to debate and vote on any new  AUMF.   Some have said that this is political, and I say it is just the  opposite.   Our brave troops deserve us to come together and do this so they know  their country has their back.   I voted for the 2001 authorization because I believed it opened the  door for any President to wage endless war without a congressional  debate or vote. Quite frankly, unfortunately, history has borne that  out.   According to a Congressional Research Service report, the 2001 AUMFs  have been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military  actions.   This report only examines the unclassified incidents. How many other  operations have been conducted without the knowledge of Congress or the  American people?   These authorizations have also been used to justify perpetual wars  that are thousands of miles away.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Let me conclude by saying, now any President can  unilaterally wage war under the outdated authorization forever unless  it is repealed.   The American people--our constituents--know that Congress is missing  in action. They deserve better. Surely, Congress can muster the courage  to do our constitutional duty and debate and vote on a new AUMF within  8 months if that is our decision.   We passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, and it never came to the  Foreign Affairs Committee, where I served for 11 years.   So let's stand up for the Constitution, our servicemen and -women,  and our national security by bringing forward this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question so we can finally have this debate, vote ``no'' on the rule,  and vote ``no'' on the underlying bill.   