 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, from day one, this administration,  President Trump, and congressional Republicans have attacked rules that  protect working families.   Just 1 hour after taking the oath of office, President Trump  indefinitely suspended a plan that made it easier for working families  to be able to afford a mortgage. Ten days later, he issued an Executive  order that requires agencies to identify and eliminate two rules for  every one new rule they issue, and that was just the beginning.  Congressional Republicans spent the first few months of the year  eliminating rules that protected workers, students, and families. They  killed a rule that required companies in dangerous industries to track  when their employees were injured. They even killed a rule that helped  keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.   These rules all had one thing in common--they all made sure the  public health, safety, and security of Americans came ahead of  industry's bottom line.   Oh, and there was a second thing in common for these rules: Industry  hated them. With President Trump in office and Republicans in the  majority in Congress, those industries were ready to cash in, and they  had their wish list ready.   Although the attack on public-centered rules has increased in  intensity during this administration, I just want to say it is not new.  Powerful companies have long understood that the fight in Congress is  just the first of many battles. If Big Business can't weaken or kill  bills they don't like in Congress, they turn their attention to the  agencies tasked with implementing those laws, working to tilt the  rulemaking process in their favor, and they don't waste any time  getting started.   Long before rules are even announced, giant corporations intensely  lobby agencies--setting up meeting after meeting--to make sure the  agencies will prioritize corporate interests. As rules wind their way  through the rulemaking process, the lobbying intensifies. Companies  bury agencies in mountains of expensive, industry-funded comments. They  cite sham research and bought-and-paid-for experts. If, at the end of  that long, arduous process, a strong, public-centered rule is published  anyway, those companies sue, looking to busy judges who are unfamiliar  with the issues to overturn the decision of expert agencies.   There are no two ways about it. The rulemaking process is broken.  There are far too many opportunities for giant corporations to  influence the  [[Page S3879]]  rulemaking process, and there are far too few opportunities for  meaningful public participation, but Republicans don't want to fix this  problem--no way. They want to make the rulemaking process work even  better for their corporate buddies and work even harder against  American families.   And, boy, did they pick the right person to lead the charge.  President Trump nominated Neomi Rao--a law school professor who  advocates for weakening and handcuffing agencies--to run the Office of  Information and Regulatory Affairs known as OIRA.   OIRA is a small, little-known but intensely powerful office that  renews economically significant Federal rules. Before the Department of  Labor can issue a rule on workplace safety, for example, or the  Environmental Protection Agency can issue a rule restricting water  pollution or the Department of Education can issue a rule protecting  students from shady, for-profit colleges, that rule must be submitted  to OIRA to sign off. If OIRA doesn't like the rule, it can change the  rule or hold it up for months at a time. When a rule finally makes it  out of the OIRA ringer, chances are that any changes will be slanted in  favor of corporate interests.   Professor Rao's view of agencies makes her the wrong person to lead  this powerful agency. She believes judges should pay less attention to  the conclusions of experts at Federal agencies, and Professor Rao is  especially critical of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau--the  CFPB. This is the agency that has forced the biggest corporations and  banks in this country to return more than $12 billion directly to  Americans they have cheated and held big banks like Wells Fargo  accountable when they have ripped off customers.   Professor Rao says the CFPB's problem is its independence--seriously.  Maybe Professor Rao thinks that little agency just doesn't kowtow  enough to the big banks. If Professor Rao had her way, independent  agencies like the CFPB would be handcuffed by OIRA, the agency she  wants to run. It is no surprise that the Wall Street giants that have  been trying to take down the CFPB for years love Professor Rao's views.   If confirmed, Professor Rao will be perfectly positioned to put her  theories into practice. She will head the Trump administration's  efforts to toss out the rules big businesses don't like. She will  determine whether rules go through the slanted OIRA process. She will  have a chance to gut strong rules that help working families.   The rulemaking process is broken, and there is a lot Congress should  be doing to fix it, to try to make it work better for people all across  this country--for workers and for families and for people who get  cheated, but the Trump administration wants to go in the opposite  direction.   Any Senator who believes corporations need more say in the rulemaking  process should vote for Neomi Rao, but anyone who thinks we are  supposed to be here to work for the American people will vote to reject  her nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   