 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Early Hearing Detection and  Intervention Act authored by two of my Energy and Commerce Committee  colleagues, Mr. Brett Guthrie from Kentucky and Ms. Doris Matsui from  California. I thank Chairman Walden and Chairman Burgess for their  help. I also thank Senators Portman and Kaine from the Senate.   It is vital that the House reauthorize the early hearing detection  and intervention initiative for an additional 5 years because it  provides the all-important newborn and infant hearing screening,  evaluation, and intervention.   The bill will provide vital resources to the Health Resources and  Services Administration to run a grant initiative and allow the Centers  for Disease Control to conduct hearing loss research.   According to data from the CDC, 1.4 babies out of every--I don't know  how you get 1.4--but 1.4 babies out of 1,000 that were screened were  found to have a prevalence of hearing loss. And as a mother, I know how  important it is to determine if your child has any level of hearing  loss as early as possible so that a parent can determine the best  treatment to allow their child to live a full and happy life.   My home State of Florida has required newborn screening since October  1, 2000. We need to keep this going. According to the most recent State  data in Florida, 98 percent of all newborns in Florida will be screened  within the first month. That is absolutely vital to detect any problem  early in their lives.   So let's work together. Extending this newborn screening initiative  for another 5 years ensures that babies will continue to have access to  this vital hearing screening, and we can make sure that kids across  America get the healthcare that they need.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to again thank my colleagues,  Representatives Guthrie and Matsui and Senators Portman and Kaine, for  leading the charge on this important effort. I encourage my colleagues  to support this bipartisan S. 652.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Matsui), the primary cosponsor of  the bill. And I thank her for championing the healthcare of children  across America.    Mr. Speaker, once again, I would like to thank  my Energy and Commerce colleagues, especially Mr. Guthrie and Ms.  Matsui. I urge approval of this bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   