 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Neil  Gorsuch and to oppose cloture on this nomination.   I take seriously the responsibility to give advice and consent, and I  take seriously the President's remarks that he planned on nominating  someone to the Court who would overturn Roe v. Wade.   A U.S. Supreme Court nominee requires 60 votes, and if a nominee  can't clear 60 votes, then I agree with my colleague, the Senator from  New York, that it is the nominee who should be changed and not the  Senate rules.   If confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will have a lifetime appointment to the  U.S. Supreme Court and have an impact on many, many Americans' lives.  When people say lifetime, I think that doesn't quite accurately reflect  this issue and nomination. Lifetime, in this case, may mean 30 to 35  years.   It is hard for me in an information age to think of all the issues  that are going to occur in the next 30 to 35 years and what issues this  nominee might rule on. But I know this: Right now, privacy rights and  how they affect the lives of many Americans are critical, not just to  my constituents but to people all over the country.   Judge Gorsuch is commonly referred to as a proponent of originalism  and textualism. He believes the U.S. Constitution should be interpreted  by the original intentions of those who drafted it as closely as  possible. As someone who knows well the record of the former Supreme  Court Justice who wrote the Griswold v. Connecticut decision, I doubt  that one would say that he was an originalist.   Some legal scholars have even called Judge Gorsuch a selective  originalist, favoring some textual provisions while overlooking others.  And while no one expects Judge Gorsuch to reveal how he would vote on a  particular case. During his Senate confirmation hearing, he did not  give Senators enough background about his judicial philosophy. In our  private meeting, he did not give me enough of an assurance of his  philosophy as it relates to these issues on privacy for my constituents  in Washington.   Whether we are talking about access to healthcare or we are  protecting individuals' privacy rights from unwanted corporation or  government intervention, these issues are critically important. Judge  Gorsuch told the Senate Judiciary Committee that he does recognize  privacy rights. However, his earlier writings on unenumerated  constitutional rights contradict this statement. This contradiction  raised questions with me, and I worked to try to further clarify his  judicial philosophy on this issue.   I told him that my State had actually codified the rights of women to  have access to reproductive healthcare.   He said: Oh, you mean your State legislature did that.   And I said: No, Judge Gorsuch, I mean the people of Washington voted  on these issues and voted to protect a woman's right to access to  reproductive healthcare.   When it comes to the right to privacy, I work hard to understand  where our judiciary is coming from, and if it is for the next 30 to 35  years, I guarantee you these privacy rights are going to be of critical  importance.   In the longstanding precedent known as the Chevron doctrine, judges  should defer to reasonable agency interpretations of ambiguous  statutory language. It allows agencies to get expert input on their  decisions and regulations. By overturning this doctrine, it could make  it easier for courts to challenge important agency decisions protecting  health and the environment. This issue is also important to my State.  We fought the Enron case to make sure that the Federal energy  regulators did their job in protecting the ratepayers of Washington  from, at the time, what was, in my opinion, a violation of the Federal  Power Act on just and reasonable rates. We had to go to a great extent  to make sure that the agencies' decisions were carefully considered to  make sure we didn't become the deep pockets.   Making sure that this doctrine is continued and not overturned is  important. I find it troubling that Judge Gorsuch concluded that this  precedent from Chevron v. the Natural Resources Defense Council should  be overturned.   Also, yesterday was Equal Pay Day, and there was a lot of discussion  about how women still face unequal wages. What would Judge Gorsuch do  about equal pay?   As a professor, he told his students that women manipulate family  leave policies for their own benefits. As a judge, he frequently ruled  against women and their rights. In Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius, a privately  held company, which was a store chain, challenged the Affordable Care  Act's birth control benefit. The Affordable Care Act required health  insurance plans to provide women with birth control coverage with no  cost sharing.   Judge Gorsuch joined the Tenth Circuit majority, holding that an  employer's religious beliefs could override an employee's right to  birth control coverage. Judge Gorsuch also supported an effort to  defund Planned Parenthood, an important provider of women's health  services. In Planned Parenthood Association of Utah v. Herbert, the  Tenth Circuit upheld an injunction to prevent the Governor of Utah from  defunding Planned Parenthood. However, Judge Gorsuch dissented and  pushed for a rehearing of this case by the full court.   Judge Gorsuch has had a narrow interpretation of the laws meant to  protect workers against discrimination. In another case, a worker  alleged that she had been unlawfully discriminated against based on  gender because she took 2 weeks of leave under the Family  [[Page S2373]]  Medical Leave Act. She claimed that her employer had a higher  performance standard for women than for her male coworkers. The Tenth  Circuit ruled in her favor and found that the employer had  discriminated against her. However, Judge Gorsuch dissented, arguing  evidence of discrimination was entirely absent.   These issues and rulings make me concerned about Judge Gorsuch's  judicial philosophy as it relates to what I now believe is an accepted  standard.   Judge Gorsuch has also ruled against LGBTQ individuals seeking fair  and nondiscriminatory treatment. Lambda Legal and other groups have  called his record openly hostile toward the LGBTQ community. Judge  Gorsuch has held that a transwoman's constitutional rights were not  violated, citing the absence of any medical evidence.   Also, as many of my colleagues have talked about, Judge Gorsuch has  had a pattern of ruling against the little guy. My colleague from  Hawaii noted that he seems to favor corporate interests over workers'  rights and private interests over public interests.   Look at the outcome in many of these cases, which have been cited  frequently since his nomination--none more than the case involving the  Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. I think it is so important  that it needs to continue to be talked about.   This case, which was recently rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court,  limited the opportunities for children with disabilities. Judge Gorsuch  had concluded that to comply with the law, the school's responsibility  to the student was to make progress that was ``merely more than de  minimis.'' That is to say that those children in our education system  who have a special need, whether it be autism or something else,  through our education system need to make progress, and it could be no  more than de minimis.   This ruling impacts hundreds of thousands of students all across  America, including in the State of Washington. He wrote the majority  opinion and used the word ``merely.''   I asked Judge Gorsuch about this because of the cases I mentioned  earlier on Federal energy regulators and the fact that we needed strong  anti-manipulation laws, and we needed people to interpret the standards  to make sure that they were upholding the interests of the public. We  had quite a long discussion about this issue. Judge Gorsuch suggested  that he was bound by a previous decision.   I know some of my colleagues have also noted this, but when Justice  Roberts wrote the unanimous opinion rejecting these ``merely more than  de minimis'' standards that Judge Gorsuch used, Justice Roberts said:  ``When all is said and done, a student offered an educational program  providing merely more than de minimis progress from year to year can  hardly said to have been offered an education at all.'' On this point,  I agree with the Chief Justice.   Not having a deeper understanding about his judicial philosophy and  given my great concerns for the right to privacy issues that will  remain constant in our society for the next 30 years and given these  issues around regulatory standards that are so important, I cannot  support this nomination nor support cloture to move ahead.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   