 ``. . . the President of the Senate shall, in the presence  of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the certificates  and the votes shall then be counted;--the person having the greatest  number of votes for President, shall be the President, if such number  be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed; and if no  person have such majority, then from the persons having the highest  numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as  President, . . .''    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle today in support of this resolution and to lend  my name as a cosponsor. The United States alliance with Israel is  absolutely critical, and this is not the time to sow uncertainty about  the state of our relationship.   This resolution does a number of important things, but the most  important is that it reaffirms Congress' longstanding support for a  bilateral settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and objects to  the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. Paragraph 5 of  that resolution is reminiscent of a recent U.N. Human Rights  [[Page H152]]  Council resolution that established a database of companies in the  settlements, facilitating a boycott.   The UNSC resolution does nothing to advance the cause of peace and  is, in fact, an obstacle to it. Strongly ensuring the security of  Israel is the only pathway to a lasting settlement.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of  this resolution.   Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Wilson).   Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Ed Royce  for yielding. I appreciate your leadership for peace.   I am in strong support of the House resolution, which is taking a  firm stand and clear stand objecting to the United Nations Security  Council resolution as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace.   The United States has stood with Israel against one-sided, biased  resolutions at the United Nations and in other international forums.  Additionally, the United States has been adamant that a peaceful  resolution will only come from direct, bilateral negotiations, not  addressed by an international forum. The distorted ideology of moral  neutrality is suicidal for civilization, encouraging what the chairman  correctly identified as ``pay for slay,'' as evidenced by the murder of  American tourist Taylor Force just last year.   On December 23, my constituents were shocked as the Obama  administration betrayed the people of Israel, undermining the peace  process by failing to veto the U.N. Security Council resolution.  President Obama and Secretary Kerry's actions revealed dangerous  irresponsibility, putting Israeli and American families at risk of more  terrorist attacks. Fortunately, Governor Nikki Haley, President-elect  Donald Trump's appointee, will soon be making a positive difference as  U.N. Ambassador of the United States, promoting peace through strength.   Today, I am grateful to stand strong with Israel by being an original  cosponsor of H. Res. 11. I appreciate the leadership of Majority Leader  Kevin McCarthy, Chairman Ed Royce, and Ranking Member Eliot Engel for  sponsoring this resolution. I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Gutierrez).   