 Mr. President, I rise to again highlight the importance  of enacting tax reform. I listened to the Democratic leader's speech. I  have heard that speech a thousand times--a thousand times how only  wealthy Americans are going to benefit from anything the Republicans  can come up with. Well, do you know what? Americans are smarter than  that. Americans are smarter than that.   I represent a State, West Virginians who have struggling economic  situations. If I were to go out on the street in West Virginia, and as  I talked to individuals there, and asked them: Would you like more of  your hard-earned money at the end of the day and have a tax cut and tax  relief, I can guarantee you 100 percent would say: Heck, yeah. I can  spend my money better at home with my priorities than what you are  doing in Washington, DC. So let's not let that argument rule the day.  As I said, we are smarter than that.   Let's talk about what this bill does. This is now my fourth,  actually, in a series of something I believe in, which is tax reform  for everybody in this country.   My first speech described the benefits we will have in economic  growth. Something that was not mentioned by the previous speaker is how  we have been stagnated for so long. The economic growth will rise all  boats. Every middle-class worker will benefit from this, and every  small business will benefit from this. My second speech was about small  businesses. Ninety-five percent of my State is small business. Last  week, I highlighted the importance of passing the budget resolution to  allow Congress to move forward, and we did that.   Today, I want to talk about the importance of tax reform for middle- class families and the impacts this bill will have on them, the very  real impact. You know what, raising a family is very expensive today. A  recent study from the Department of Agriculture found that middle- income households will spend over $230,000 raising a child. It is  staggering--staggering.    The Federal Reserve found that almost half of American families are  struggling right now to come up with $400 if they have an emergency  expense. In West Virginia, where the median income is $41,000--hardly  the wealthy--families are forced to make hard tradeoffs as they balance  their checkbooks each month.   Expenses are going up. Yet most Americans haven't received a raise in  years. So we need to help working families, especially those living  paycheck to paycheck, and this is one of the primary goals of our tax  reform. We want middle-class, middle-earned-income  [[Page S6828]]  folks, hard-working folks to get more in their pocket to decide what  they want to do with their money. I raised three children. I know just  putting shoes on your children is an expensive proposition. Maybe you  want to plan for a trip or save for college. Well, to pay for childcare  and to save for college at the same time is almost impossible for our  young families today.   The framework we have set forward, I think, will help our families in  many ways. First, it calls for a significant increase in the child tax  credit. Yesterday, a number of my colleagues from the House and the  Senate, joined with Ivanka Trump to highlight what an improved child  tax credit would mean for working families. The tax reform proposal  would allow families to take a higher per child credit, saving money on  their taxes--money they have earned, money the families deserve to  spend on their own, and money that could have significant impact to our  families.   We will also create a $500 tax credit for families who are caring for  a nonchild dependent. Many Americans find themselves in the sandwich  generation, where they are not only caring for their children, they are  caring for their parents at the same time. This will help those  families.   Second, the proposal nearly doubles the standard deduction or the  zero tax bracket. It raises it up to $24,000 for married taxpayers and  up to $12,000 for single taxpayers.   What kind of impact would this have on a State like mine? Well, 83  percent of the taxpayers in West Virginia take the standard deduction.  They are going to get a doubling in their standard deduction. That is  more money for them to take home, to put the value of where they want  to spend it with their own families. So four out of five West Virginia  working families will benefit from that. That is an enormous savings,  and even more taxpayers are likely to benefit, as the larger standard  deduction means fewer people will itemize. We expect that figure to go  up--from 83 percent up. It makes filing taxes simpler, and it makes it  so our taxpayers can file on a single form without all of the extra  forms, time, and money it takes.   Finally, and most importantly, families will benefit from the  economic growth that tax reform will bring to our country. This is  probably the biggest impact that tax reform will have for working  families. We will lower the corporate rate, yes, for companies, but we  have to make our companies competitive across the globe. We are not. We  are not competing. What kind of effect does that have? Fewer jobs and  lower wages. Companies know that if they invest in their workforce, if  they invest in the wages of their workforce, they are going to have a  more productive workforce to produce products, to sell products, to  enhance the quality of life of their communities.   Many of these large corporations that are scattered around our  country really do a lot of work in the community service parts of our  country, whether it is helping with schools or whether it is helping  with the baseball teams or sponsoring a robotics team. Why does that  matter to working families? More than $2 trillion in profits earned by  American companies is kept offshore because of the flaws in our current  tax system--$2 trillion--and I think some of those estimates might be  low. Shifting to a more fair and competitive system will bring those  dollars back to the United States. Those companies want to invest in  our country because they know we have the safest investments, we have  the most technologically advanced and we have the best workforce, and  this is great news for American families.   The White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that lowering  that tax rate--that corporate tax rate--from 35 to 20 could increase  the pay for the average American by about $4,000. At my small business  roundtable, when I asked, what would you do with tax relief, the first  thing she said was ``raise the wages of my seven employees.''   So I think that this would be good news for working families,  certainly good news for 50 percent of the West Virginia workers who  work in small business. We need to make sure we work together, that we  target our tax relief to middle-class families.   I say to the Acting President pro tempore, you and I were at lunch  the other day with the President. Priority No. 1, the President said  that this tax cut must be targeted to the middle class, the working  families in this country. That is what this bill has put forward:  larger tax credit, larger standard deduction, unlocking the wages by  lowering the competitive tax rate. Despite our hard work, too many  middle-class families are falling behind, and we want to make sure that  trend stops.   So all of us, I think, can join together. This is going to go through  committee. Both parties will have lots of opportunity to weigh in, and  I look forward to looking into the eyes of the working men and women in  my State and saying: Not only is help on the way, but help is here.   Thank you so much.   I yield the floor.   