 Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that the House  today will vote to pass a bipartisan reauthorization of H.R. 1809, the  Juvenile Justice Reform Act. I strongly believe that this measure will  not only help our Nation's at-risk youth, but it will also vastly  improve the juvenile justice system in each State.   One area I was particularly interested in addressing in this bill is  finding ways in which State-based practices that have been developed to  end the school-to-prison pipeline can be expanded. I strongly believe  that youth-based mentoring programs are key to achieving this goal. For  that reason, I added language to the bill that expands the definition  of juvenile delinquency programs to include youth mentoring programs so  those programs will have greater access to Federal grant funding.   One of my life's missions has been to help build a permanent  roadblock on the destructive and demoralizing path that has entrapped  so many boys and young men of color and other at-risk youth. In fact,  there are 50 ninth grade boys from the 5000 Role Models of Excellence  Project visiting Washington today. If you see them in their red ties,  give them a hug and tell them you love them.   My experience as a teacher and principal has taught me the very real  benefits of reaching children as early as possible and how, with proper  encouragement, support, and resources, young lives can be transformed  so that they will make positive and productive choices.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Committee on Education and  the Workforce for working very closely together in a bipartisan manner  to vote to reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention  Act. I think we can all agree that this bill's passage will go a long  way toward assisting at-risk youth by giving them a second chance at  success as well as opportunities to be able to learn from their  mistakes and move beyond those mistakes to get an education, build a  successful career, and contribute to society.   I especially commend Chairman Foxx and Ranking Member Scott, who I  know care so much about this issue. I also applaud Representative Jason  Lewis of Minnesota for his spirit.   I encourage a ``yes'' vote on this bill.   