 Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague, Mr.  Byrne, for his hard work, both on the Armed Services Committee and on  the Rules Committee, on this important rule.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule that will  allow for consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2018.   Mr. Speaker, as elected Members of this body, we have no higher  obligation or responsibility than to provide for the support and the  defense of our Nation. No matter what else we do in this body--and we  debate very big, important issues. We debate tax cuts, we debate  healthcare, and these are crucial issues, but none of those issues  matters if we fail to get the resources necessary to defend this Nation  from our adversaries.   For far too long, Mr. Speaker, we have failed to do that. Over the  last 8 years, we have seen policies that have failed to provide the  kind of resources our Defense Department needs. We have also seen, Mr.  Speaker, legislation from this body--in particular, the Budget Control  Act--that has caused significant damage to the military.   We have heard on the Armed Services Committee, week after week,  briefings from every layer of the military--from the Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs, from the Secretary of Defense, and from the combatant  commanders--briefings about the extent to which there is a gap that is  growing between our abilities and the abilities of our adversaries.  Now, this is a gap that people seem to want to ignore, Mr. Speaker, but  we do so at our own peril.   I think that we need, as Members of this body, to think very  carefully about what we are going to say to our children and our  grandchildren one day if they say to us: Why didn't you do all you  could to ensure for the defense of this Nation? Why didn't you do all  you could when you were in a position to provide the resources?   Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons we don't do all we can is because we  enable the Senate rules. We have gotten ourselves in a situation,  through the Budget Control Act and through the way that we do budgeting  in this House, where we enable the dysfunction of the United States  Senate, and we let the United States Senate be in a position where, in  fact, they prevent us from doing what we know is right from a policy  perspective.    I am very proud of this piece of legislation, Mr. Speaker, because  what this does, in a bipartisan fashion, is begin to fix that. It  begins to remedy the situation. It begins to allow our military to get  out from under the burden, the hole that they have been in for the last  8 years.   Funds authorized in this NDAA will ensure that we are able, for  example, to modernize our strategic forces. It will also ensure, Mr.  Speaker, that we are able to begin to provide funding for the kind of  missile defense that we know we need in a situation in which our  adversaries have gained tremendous ground.   Mr. Speaker, when we have the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs come  before the committee and tell us in public session that, if we continue  on the path we are on, within 5 years we will not be able to project  our power, every Member of this body needs to stop everything else they  are doing and listen to that warning. If we can't project our power,  then we cannot defend this Nation.    There are many Members of this body, Mr. Speaker, on both  sides, who like to quote a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs that the  debt is the biggest national security threat we face. That is only half  of his quote. The second half of his quote was that the debt is the  most significant threat we face because it prevents us from being able  to resource our military.   So, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to stand in support of  this rule and to stand in support of the National Defense Authorization  Act and the important progress that it allows us to begin to make to  rebuild our military and undo the damage of the last 8 years.   