 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report  to accompany the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year  2018.   I commend Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and I would also  like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Wilson), the  Readiness Subcommittee chairman, and the committee staff who worked  many, many long nights on this bill. I am especially thankful for the  spirit of cooperation that enables us to pass an act that directly  impacts the young men and women who defend our country.   The conference report authorizes $3.6 billion in additional  operations and maintenance funds to increase training, spare parts,  facility and equipment maintenance, and other readiness enablers. This  is a very important step to support the recovery of readiness in areas  that have been adversely impacted by high operational tempos and made  worse by numerous continuing resolutions and the effects of  sequestration. However, Congress must go further and provide the  Department with budget stability by repealing sequestration so that we  can continue to support the training, the maintenance, and the  modernization needs of our forces.   The conference agreement also includes a number of provisions to  support military readiness, such as providing authorities and  flexibility for investments in infrastructure, extending direct hiring  authorities, protecting training ranges from encroachment, and  continuing to support the Asia-Pacific Rebalance.   The Rebalance is critical to security and stability in the Indo-Asia- Pacific region and a matter of most importance to me because of the  recent threats against the United States and, specifically, my home  district of Guam.   Critically, for my constituents, this agreement provides authority  for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to approve H-2B visas for  Guam that support construction projects directly connected to, as well  as those associated with, the realignment of military forces to Guam.  Additionally, the agreement authorizes $354.6 million for military  construction projects in Guam.   As Guam's representative, I will continue to work with the DOD and  the USCIS to provide relief for healthcare and other industries that  support our military on Guam. While I support the progress that we made  in this bill, without further relief, our inadequate workforce will  negatively impact our national security.   So again, Mr. Speaker, I reiterate my appreciation for the work by  our committees and our exceptional staff. The FY18 NDAA provides the  resources that our military requires for its missions in this very,  very dangerous world, so I urge support for the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  wish to engage the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the Armed  Services Committee, in a colloquy.   Let me first start by thanking Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member  Smith, and the committee staff for working diligently with us to  address the workforce issues impacting the military realignment on  Guam.   The conference agreement includes a provision to remedy the H-2B visa  denial issue, particularly affecting construction projects on Guam, by  granting USCIS the authority to approve temporary workers for  construction work directly connected to or associated with the military  realignment occurring on Guam through 2023.   Providing for this small, temporary workforce is very important,  given the strategic importance of Guam as the sole U.S. territory in  the western Pacific capable of basing significant joint force  capabilities and the reality that exceedingly few U.S. mainland workers  are willing to travel to Guam to perform this temporary work.   My understanding is that the intent behind the inclusion of the  phrase ``associated with'' is to allow for approval of visas for  individuals performing work not only on military-funded facilities and  infrastructure, but also for civilian infrastructure projects outside  the gate, for example, infrastructure projects funded by the Federal  Government, the government of Guam, or nongovernmental sources that are  being done, in part, because of the increased number of military  personnel and military families moving to Guam.   Is that the chairman's understanding of the intent behind the  provision?    I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much and  appreciate his great support and look forward to continuing to work  with him on the implementation of this provision and to address future  workforce needs on Guam in support of the military realignment.   