 Mr. President, I am deeply concerned about efforts  underway to use the Congressional Review Act to eliminate protections  that have saved lives and cleaned up our environment. I certainly  respect the views of my friend and colleague from North Dakota, but  there are other perspectives to consider. And while today it is a  stream buffer rule, tomorrow it will be some other rule intended to  protect the health of our communities and our citizens.   The Congressional Review Act is a rarely used tool that can erase  rules that have taken years and much public input to develop. Passing a  CRA resolution, as we are being asked to do in this instance, also  prevents us from implementing similar protections in the future. The  reason is that by passing this kind of resolution, it prevents us from  implementing any kind of other rule that is similar in nature.   Regardless of whether you voted for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton,  nobody wants to live in a dirty environment where we don't have clean  water, clean rivers, clean streams, or clean air. Once again, we are  being told to choose between a clean environment and creating jobs.    In Hawaii, we have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the  country and some of the most robust protections for our environment.  Today's debate over the stream buffer rule and future debates under the  Congressional Review Act are not about States' rights. Today's debate  is not about regulation for the sake of regulation. It is not about a  war on coal; it is about preventing fossil fuel companies from creating  unhealthy communities by polluting the water we drink and the air we  breathe.   The Department of the Interior has been working on this rule for 7  years--7 years. It replaces an outdated regulation that was written  during the Reagan administration in 1983.   Science has come a long way in 34 years. In that time, we have  learned a lot about the detrimental impacts of coal mining on clean  water and public health. Clean water is essential, and politically  expedient decisions we make now will have lasting impacts for years to  come, as families in Flint, MI, know all too well.   The stream buffer rule that we are being asked to undo requires coal  companies to monitor water for contaminants. Communities have a right  to know what is in their drinking water. They have a right to know that  their water is clean. They have a right to know what kind of  contaminants are in their water. I don't think this is an unreasonable  expectation. Why are we making this debate a fight between supporting  jobs for coal miners and clean water?   Divide and conquer is a time-tested tactic that ends up hurting  vulnerable populations and communities. Let's not fall prey to such  divisive tactics. This is why I am perplexed as to why we are voting to  undo the progress we have made. I will be voting against the CRA and  any other CRAs that harm our environment and public health and force us  to make a false choice.   Again, while I respect the views of my colleagues who have a  different perspective on what we are being asked to do today, I urge my  colleagues to join me in defeating this resolution.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Yes, I will.   