 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Kelly for yielding.  Ms. Kelly has been such a stalwart voice for all who are all too often  forgotten in what we are seeing happen in this country, a voice for  those who are not lost, because sometimes we say ``lost to gun  violence.'' These are not lives that are lost. These are lives that are  ripped from us, taken from us, brutally ended.   In the 5 years since the horrific shootings in Newtown, Connecticut,  in my district, 170,000 Americans have been taken from us, sons and  daughters of this great country, 170,000 souls.   We should just reflect on that, what that means, what each and every  one of those people might have done if they had lived.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Kelly for being a tireless voice,  which we need in these challenging times.   Mr. Speaker, 5 years ago tonight, it was cold and snowy in  Connecticut. The families of Newtown had picked up their children from  school. They were getting ready for the holidays. It was already snowy  and cold, no one having any thought on December 12 that, in 2 days,  their lives--and America's lives--would be changed by the reality of  what gun violence has done and is doing to this country.   So, tonight, I want to read the names of the 20 children and six  educators who were brutally gunned down and murdered in Sandy Hook  Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut:   Charlotte Bacon, Daniel Barden, Rachel D'Avino, Olivia Engel,  Josephine Gay, Ana Marquez-Greene, Dylan Hockley, Dawn Hochsprung,  Madeleine Hsu, Catherine Hubbard, Chase Kowalski, Jesse Lewis, James  Mattioli, Grace McDonnell, Anne Marie Murphy, Emilie Parker, Jack  Pinto, Noah Pozner, Caroline Previdi, Jessica Rekos, Avielle Richman,  Lauren Rousseau, Mary Sherlach, Victoria Soto, Benjamin Wheeler, and  Allison Wyatt.   Mr. Speaker, we can and we must do better in this great country. We  must do better for all those who have been taken from us. We must do  better by taking action in this, the people's House.   The people are watching, the people are waiting, and they deserve  that we do our best--and not to honor only with words and silence and  prayers, important as those are, but to honor, even more importantly,  by taking action to save future lives.   Again, my thanks and my admiration to Representative Kelly for her  extraordinary leadership and persistence.   