 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition to the  Rule for Rules Committee Print 115-39, to H.R. 1, ``Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act.''   The underlying bill will cut funding for programs that the American  people need by $5.4 trillion over 10 years.   It will raise the deficit by $2.2 trillion 10 years.   This is bad for America.   The chief motivation for House Republicans brings this bill before  the House is to say they had a win before we break for the Thanksgiving  Holiday.   This rule if adopted will allow the House to take up consideration of  a bill that will cost taxpayers because it:   Eliminates the $4,050 personal exemption allowed to each taxpayer for  their self, spouse, and each dependent child;   Raises the lowest individual income tax rate from 10 percent to 12  percent   Reduces the tax rate corporations pay on existing offshore profits  from 35 percent to 10 percent; and   Cuts the corporate tax rate paid by large companies.   The Jackson Lee Amendments to Rules Committee Print 115-39 were  offered as means of improving the bill:   (1) The first Jackson Lee Amendment would delay the effective date of  all revenue-reducing provisions in H.R. 1 until the Secretary of  Homeland Security submits to Congress a report certifying that the  areas covered by Presidential Natural Disaster Declarations for  Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria have fully recovered economically,  as measured by a gross domestic product that exceeds by 10 percent the  gross domestic product for such areas in the fiscal year preceding the  Presidential Disaster Declaration; and the deficit is zero.   (2) The second Jackson Lee Amendment would delay the effective date  of all revenue-reducing provisions in H.R. 1 until the Secretary of  Health and Human Services submits to Congress a report certifying that  the number of U.S. adults without health insurance has not exceeded  five percent for three consecutive quarters; and the deficit is zero.   (3) The third Jackson Lee Amendment preserves current law for  deductions of student loan interest and other educational incentive.   (4) The fourth Jackson Lee Amendment preserves current law for  taxpayer deduction of mortgage interest.   Our work should be focused on lifting people up and not taking  opportunities away.   The $4,700 standard deduction for families will be eliminated by the  bill governed by this rule to give a tax cut to corporations.   The recovery from Hurricanes Harvey, Maria and Irma which impacted  the Texas, Florida, U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico have long gone,  but the efforts of people to reclaim their lives continues.   These families will need that $4,700.   In the State of Texas Hurricane Harvey is on record as the worst  disaster to hit homeowners in the United States with over 148,000 homes  and 163,000 apartments just in Houston impacted.   There are still 9,100 families in hotels and are in need of assurance  that they will be able to return to their own homes.   We know that the costs of recovery will far exceed any natural  disaster in memory.   We should set a national goal for extending health insurance coverage  not looking for ways to destabilize the health insurance marketplace.   Because of the Affordable Care Act in the state of Texas:   3.8 million Texas residents receive preventative care services.   7 million Texans no longer have lifetime limits on their healthcare  insurance.   300,731 young adults can remain on their parents' health insurance  until age 26.   5 million Texas residents can receive a rebate check from their  insurance company if it does not spend 80 percent of premium dollars on  healthcare.   4,029 people with pre-existing conditions now have health insurance.   Today, insurance companies are banned from:  [[Page H9278]]    discriminating against anyone with a pre-existing condition   charging higher rates based on gender or health status   enforcing lifetime dollar limits   enforcing annual dollar limits on health benefits   Savings for Texas Seniors on Their Prescription Drugs, Thanks to ACA:   Total Savings: $551,694,997   Total Gap Discount Amount: $201,876,665   Total Number of Beneficiaries: 233,114   Average Discount per Beneficiary: $866   Congress should support expansion of access to healthcare because it  will save lives and relieve suffering of those who would otherwise not  have care when they need it most.   Our nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis. Growing  demand for rental housing has resulted in higher rents. More families  than ever before struggle to pay their rent each month, and every  Congressional district and state across the nation is impacted.   The federal should continue its investments in homeownership that  reduce homelessness and housing poverty are sorely underfunded:   Just one in four low income families eligible for federal housing  assistance receives the help they need.   Comprehensive tax reform provides one of the best opportunities to  end homelessness and housing poverty once and for all. As Congress  considers comprehensive tax reform legislation, we urge you to seize  this opportunity by reinvesting any savings derived from changes to the  mortgage interest deduction into rental housing solutions for people  with the greatest needs--not to offset the cost of tax breaks for the  wealthy and corporations.   In doing so, we can make the critical investments that our nation  needs to help America's families, our local communities, and our  national economy thrives.   We know the key to reducing poverty and increasing economic mobility  is access to safe and affordable homes. Increasing access to affordable  homes bolsters child and family success, economic growth, wages, and  productivity. And each dollar invested in developing and preserving  affordable homes boosts local economies by leveraging public and  private resources to generate income--including resident earnings and  additional local tax revenue--and supports job creation and retention.   Congress as in the past should continue to champion homeownership  because the benefits that comes to families and communities.   Our nation should be reinvesting these housing dollars into deeply  targeted programs that serve people with the most acute housing needs.   