 Mr. President, we have just gotten the latest numbers on  the Senate Republicans' reckless plan to take away health insurance  from millions of American families, take it away from sick, little  kids, take it away from seniors in nursing homes. These numbers are  worse than anyone expected.   After weeks of secret work behind closed doors, the Republicans came  up with a plan that will take away health insurance from 22 million  people and slash the Medicaid Program by nearly $800 billion, all in  exchange for shoveling hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts to  the richest families in this country.   You know, with results like these, Senate Republicans should not  still be trying to figure out the best way to ram this bill through the  Senate. They should just throw it in the trash.   We don't have a lot of time left, and I know it is easy to tune out  these debates and to assume these are all just a bunch of partisan  games. So if you aren't inclined to take my word for it, don't, and  don't take the Republicans' word for it either. Take a look at what the  experts are saying about the Republican bill because since this brutal  bill was finally revealed on Thursday, it has been denounced by  nonpartisan doctors groups, health policy experts, and patient  organizations. The American Medical Association says the bill violates  the fundamental principle of medicine: ``First, do no harm.'' The  Children's Hospital Association says it is ``a major step backward for  children and their health.'' The National Council for Behavioral Health  says, ``Instead of `repeal and replace,' it is `wreck and wreak  havoc.'''   Lynn Nicholas, the head of the Massachusetts Health and Hospital  Association, has actually come up with a pretty simple test for the  Republican plan: ``I challenge any Republican Senator to name one thing  in this bill that will make healthcare in the U.S. better for patients  or healthcare professionals who care for them.''   Think about that. She says use that as the test, one thing. That is a  pretty low bar--one thing. Yet the Republicans can't pass that test.  They can't name one thing in this bill that will improve healthcare in  America. That is because this bill is not supposed to improve  healthcare in America. It is not a healthcare bill. It is a tax cut for  the rich, paid for by gutting healthcare for millions of working  Americans.   Doctors, patients, parents, families, experts, they are terrified by  this bill because they have read it, and they have concluded that  nearly every line in this bill would make life worse for young people  and for old people and for families across this country.   I want to focus on just one major part tonight, the part that rips  away the Medicaid Program. Let's do some basic Medicaid facts. Who uses  Medicaid? Thirty million kids. That is about 4 out of every 10 kids in  this country count on Medicaid to help pay the medical bills. About 6  out of 10 children with complex medical needs--children who need  breathing tubes, special therapies, and multiple surgeries, 6 out of 10  of those children count on Medicaid to help pay their medical bills.  Nearly two out of three seniors in nursing homes count on Medicaid to  help pay their bills, and one out of every three people dealing with  addiction counts on Medicaid to help pay for treatment.   Who uses Medicaid? America uses Medicaid--children, the elderly,  hard-working families, people with disabilities, and people struggling  with addiction. At any given moment in this country, one in every five  Americans is counting on Medicaid to help pay the bills. What are these  people supposed to do when the Medicaid expansion goes away, when this  bill's additional massive Medicaid cuts go into effect? What are they  supposed to do? What are their families supposed to do?   Dig in on one issue around this. Dig in on opioid abuse. This is a  problem that is growing around the country. Last year we lost 2,000  people in Massachusetts alone. I hear from parents who have lost  children, from brothers and sisters who have watched a loved one  disappear. I hear from people who are desperate because their child or  sister or brother can't get into a treatment facility. I hear from  dedicated doctors, nurses, and counselors who need more resources so  they can expand treatment programs. Now the Republicans propose a bill  that is like throwing gasoline on a bonfire. One in three people  struggling with an addiction are counting on Medicaid, and the  Republicans plan to cut nearly $1 trillion from the program. I do not  understand. I cannot understand how the Republicans could turn their  backs on literally millions of people who need help.   The cuts to Medicaid are terrible, but there is more. The Republican  bill also slashes the tax credits that people use to help pay for  insurance. The budget nerds at the Congressional Budget Office say that  ``most people'' would ``have higher out of pocket spending on  healthcare than under current law.''   Think about that. Under the Republican plan, healthcare costs will go  up for most people, and even if someone can manage, somehow, to afford  coverage under the Republican bill, the Republicans are willing to let  insurance companies drop expensive benefits that the companies just  don't want to cover, including--are you ready?--opioid treatment. If  this bill passes, it will devastate our ability to fight opioid  overdoses. This isn't a hypothetical. This isn't speculation. Before  the Affordable Care Act became law, one-third of individual market  health plans didn't cover substance use disorder services, and about  one in five plans didn't cover mental health services. The insurance  companies don't want to cover these services, but the ACA made coverage  mandatory. That  [[Page S3776]]  meant that no one in this country had to wonder when they showed up at  a clinic whether or not their insurance would help them out, but the  Republican bill opens the door to dropping those requirements. Millions  more people could be left out in the cold at a time when they most need  help. This is cruel. Our country is already struggling with a treatment  gap, and far too many patients facing addiction can't get the care they  need. The last thing we should be doing is kicking millions of these  patients off of the coverage they already have.   Now, let's face it. The Republicans realized this, and they have a  plan on this issue. They know that what they are doing is indefensible.  So they have a plan. They propose to throw $2 billion into a special  fund for opioid treatment and say: Problem solved. This is political  spin at its worst.   For every dollar the Republicans propose to put into opioid  treatment, they are taking out more than $100 from Medicaid, the rock  on which our ability to provide opioid addiction treatment is built.  Why? Why treat our brothers and sisters, our children, our elderly  parents so shamefully? Why? So that Republicans can produce a giant tax  cut for a handful of millionaires and billionaires. That is it. Our  friends, our families, and our kids can struggle on their own. They can  die on their own so that Republicans can cut taxes for the richest  people in this country.   What the Republicans propose is morally wrong. It is not too late to  do the right thing. It is not too late to reverse course. It is not too  late to junk this bill and start over. I hope the Senate Republicans  have the courage to do exactly that.   I yield the floor.   