 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman  Joaquin Castro, for yielding to me.   I am so proud to rise in support of H.R. 2484, the Women, Peace, and  Security Act, which I introduced along with my partner, Kristi Noem. We  have been working on this bill for quite a while.   I want to really thank Chairman Ed Royce for not only his eloquent  words today and his clear description about why this is so important,  but for working closely with us to make this day a reality. I am  hopeful that we will be able to go through the Senate and get this bill  finally enacted.   The Women, Peace, and Security Act promotes the participation of  women in the peace process and is a step forward for our security and  our economic prosperity as well. When women are involved in peace  negotiations, a peace agreement is more likely to last. In fact, the  International Peace Institute found that a peace agreement is 35  percent more likely to last for at least 15 years if women participate  in drafting the agreement. The study also found that with each 5  percent increase in women's participation in the political process, a  nation is five times less likely to use violence when faced with  international crisis or conflict.   When women and girls are equal partners in all aspects of  decisionmaking, countries are more likely to be peaceful and  economically prosperous.   Despite the strong evidence in favor of women's political  participation, women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention,  conflict resolution, and the post-conflict peace-building efforts that  are happening around the world, and the United States can help to  change that.   The Women, Peace, and Security Act will build upon the 2011 National  Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which made clear that the  meaningful inclusion of women in peace and security processes is  imperative for national and global security. And you heard how in  Northern Ireland and all the way to Rwanda, the participation of women  has been absolutely essential.   Our legislation establishes women's participation as a permanent  element of U.S. foreign policy. It would encourage the United States to  assist women mediators and negotiators by addressing barriers to their  equal and secure participation in the peace process.    It would institute comprehensive training modules on the protection,  rights, and specific needs of women in conflict and require the  administration to evaluate the impact of U.S. foreign assistance on  women's meaningful participation.   In addition, Women, Peace, and Security Act would require the  President to report to Congress its strategy to promote women's  participation in conflict prevention and resolution, and it would  empower Congress to exercise oversight of that strategy's  implementation.   The United States plays a crucial role in encouraging peace  agreements all over the world. By making sure  [[Page H4974]]  that we bring women into the peace process, we can improve national and  global security.   So, once again, I just want to thank Congresswoman Noem, my partner  on this bipartisan legislation, as well as Chairman Ed Royce and  Ranking Member Eliot Engel, for their support. I want to thank the many  advocacy groups who have been persistent throughout these years in  bringing it to us, the evidence of the success of women when women  participate in the peace process.   So I thank the gentleman again for yielding.   