 I claim the time in opposition, although I am not  opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Mr. Perry's  amendment and the power and potential of clean marine hydrokinetic  energy, and I first want to thank Chairman Simpson and Ranking Member  Kaptur for their leadership in supporting the Water Power Technologies  Office. The Water Power Technologies Office invests in research and  development that supports hydropower, pumped storage, and marine  energy.   Furthermore, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for  including $30 million in the 2017 omnibus for the creation of a wave  energy test center, which is now located at Oregon State University.  This robust investment will help the United States lead in the field of  marine hydrokinetic energy. The increase this amendment proposes will  support hydropower and the development of innovative hydropower  technologies, along with marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies.  Development of these new technologies can offer the United States  leadership in an emerging area of abundant renewable energy.   Marine and hydrokinetic energy, in particular, energy from waves,  currents, and tides, is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy  sector. Currently, Oregon State University, University of Washington,  and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are partnering to support the  testing and research activities of the Northwest National Marine  Renewable Energy Center. This center will provide visionary  entrepreneurs with a domestic location to test wave energy devices,  along with other technologies, rather than traveling to Scotland to use  the European test center. Without continued Federal investment, Europe  will remain the leader in this important work.   When fully developed, wave and tidal energy systems could generate a  significant amount of total energy used in the United States. As  Congress promotes technologies that can help lower our constituents'  energy bills, we must explore new and innovative solutions like marine  and hydrokinetic renewable energy.   Thank you again to the chairman and ranking member for their hard  work and legislative leadership on this issue, and thank you to  Representative Perry for his leadership.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the remaining time,  please.    I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms.  Pingree), a strong supporter of hydropower.    Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment and  encourage all of you to do the same.   As the sponsor of the amendment explained, this does not take  additional money, cuts down on bureaucracy, and puts the dollars into  important work, like marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   