 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. Newhouse, from  the Rules Committee, as well as Mr. Westerman, for their work on this  bill.   I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of the rule for consideration of H.R.  2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, a bill that will help address  the wildfire crisis that is plaguing our Nation as well as begin the  very important process of restoring the health of our forests.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, this has been one of the largest wildfire  years in our Nation's history. We have seen livelihoods across the West  threatened and seen the lives of our brave firefighters put in harm's  way. These fires are deadly, and, tragically, more than 40 people lost  their lives when fast-moving wildfires swept through northern  California just a few weeks ago.   Mr. Speaker, we have particularly felt the effects in my State of  Wyoming, where we find ourselves in an absolutely indefensible  situation. Fires are being caused and worsened by Federal  mismanagement. Eight years of Federal policy opposing proven methods of  forest management and, instead, focusing on efforts to prevent all  human use of our forests have done significant damage.   This damage is not just to the forests that we have had to watch  burn, Mr. Speaker, but we have also seen tremendous damage to our water  in postfire situations where the water is contaminated with ash;  significant damage to wildlife habitat, the health of our forests, to  property, and, most importantly, Mr. Speaker, to human life.   Under the bad policies and the mismanagement from the Federal  Government, we have seen our forests become overgrown, accumulating  unsafe levels of hazardous biofuels that have become an absolute  tinderbox for these fires. We must take action now.   This bill, as my colleagues have pointed out, is a bipartisan effort  to begin to take the steps we know will help reduce hazardous fuels and  improve the management of our forests. We must also act, Mr. Speaker,  as a Congress, to fix the fire-borrowing issue. The Resilient Federal  Forests Act takes a significant step toward ending the practice of fire  borrowing, and simplifies the process for implementing proper,  effective forest management strategies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge, therefore, the adoption of the rule and the  underlying bill.   