 Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that the Rules Committee  has posted a Rules Committee print of the Defense appropriations bill  and that this committee version does not include the language added  during the Defense appropriations markup on a bipartisan basis in  committee that would repeal the 2001 authorization to use force and  give 8 months for Congress to do what our Constitution requires, and  that is to debate and to come up with a new vote and to decide what we  are going to do on behalf of our country.   Further inquiry. Members don't really quite understand this. I can't  explain to Members how in the heck this body can prevent this amendment  from being undemocratically stripped from this bill.   Can the Chair explain that, please.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair appreciates the gentlewoman's  inquiry but also states to the gentlewoman that it does not relate to a  pending question or matter at this time.   Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue.   There was no objection.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   