 Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues today in  recognition of Police Week. I thank Senator Blunt and Senator Coons for  bringing us together, as well as Senator Grassley and Senator Cornyn.   Law enforcement officers play a critical role in keeping our  communities safe, and Police Week is all about honoring their  dedication and sacrifice and, sadly for so many families, those  officers who made the ultimate sacrifice. Our officers are on the  frontlines of public safety, and while most people run away from crime  scenes or run away from disaster, they run bravely toward it.   In my State, we were reminded all too well of the courageous  dedication of law enforcement just this last year when Jason Falconer,  an off-duty police officer at a shopping mall spending his free time on  his own, encountered a horrific scene of a man unhinged who was  stabbing people in the St. Cloud shopping mall. Falconer didn't even  pause. He made sure that he saved the people who were wounded; 10 were  wounded that day. So many would have been killed if he had not  intervened--an off-duty officer.   I think about Officer Shawn Schneider, who is no longer with us, in  Lake City, MN. I met with his family several times. This was a brave  officer, a popular officer in a small community. One night he was  called to the scene of a domestic abuse case. A young woman, scared,  had called. He showed up at the door, and a man unhinged opened the  door and shot and killed that officer.   The story behind that officer and the people behind that officer are  the ones who carry on his memory--his fellow officers, as we see this  week during Police Week, his family, his widow, and their three  children. I will never forget sitting in the pews of that church and  hearing the story as those three little kids walked down the aisle.  There were two young boys and a girl in a blue dress covered in stars.  The story was that the last time the family had been in that church and  the last time those children had been in that church was for the church  nativity play, and their dad, Officer Schneider, was sitting there  watching them with such pride. A few weeks later, there they were at  his funeral.   Those are the people we remember during this important week. Our job  as U.S. Senators is to treat them in the way that they treat their  jobs. They go to work every day without fear or favor. That is what we  have to do when we think about police officers.   There are issues, as Senator Coons mentioned, we need to work on-- policies and the relationship between officers and our communities. We  have to promote more community policing, more training, more  recruiting. That is why I am very positive about these bills--the COPS  bill I have with Senator Murkowski, where we finally have bipartisan  sponsorship for grants that have now helped to place approximately  129,000 police officers on the beat in more than 13,000 State, local,  and Tribal law enforcement agencies.   In that community I mentioned, St. Cloud, are the recipients of some  of the grants we are talking about. That is why Senator Murkowski and I  are taking on this issue, to make sure that this program continues to  be funded and that, in fact, we reinforce the program.   The bill Senator Cornyn just mentioned that we are leading together  to promote the hiring of veterans as law enforcement officers would  encourage local police departments to hire and train veterans as cops  while providing our veterans with the opportunity to continue to serve  their communities.   Yes, we can do all we can to have the backs of our officers and to  work with them and our communities, but what we are doing this week is  something a little different. We honor them. We recognize their  sacrifices, whether it is taking dangerous criminals off the  [[Page S2948]]  street, whether it is preventing extremist groups from recruiting  people in our neighborhoods, whether it is fighting the opioid abuse  epidemic, whether it is simply giving a kid a second chance--and they  do those kinds of things all the time.   Law enforcement officers are doing some of the hardest and most  important work out there. We owe our safety to them, and we thank them  for their remarkable service.   