 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the reauthorization of the  HBCU Historic Preservation program. There are ten HBCUs in North  Carolina. The Johnson C. Smith University is in my district.   I am pleased to see strong bipartisan support that recognizes how  integral Historically Black Colleges and Universities are to our  Nation.   I am a proud graduate twice of North Carolina A&T, a retired 40-year  professor at Bennett College--both HBCUs in Greensboro.   Most of the structures that this program will help preserve date back  to the founding of these schools, most founded in the 19th century.  These structures teach us about the lengths that African Americans went  through to be educated and to fight for their place in American  society.   They also provide important lessons for today, reminding us of how  far we have come as a society and how these structures were once built  to cope with Jim Crow America but now are used to educate our future  lawyers, doctors, and politicians.   They also remind us of how far we have to go, how we must continue to  address the numerous inequities HBCUs face compared to other  universities when it comes to educating the next generation.   Funding from this program finances repairs that schools with large  endowments take for granted, repairs from water damage, asbestos, lead  paint, improvements to heating and ventilation systems, and increased  physical accessibility for the disabled.   The program helps modernize HBCU campuses, creating a suitable  environment for learning and achievement, while allowing these  institutions to attract prospective students who deserve an education.   W.E.B. DuBois reminded us: Of all of the civil rights for which the  world has struggled and fought for for 500 years, but the right to  learn is undoubtedly the most fundamental.   In short, Mr. Speaker, this program is necessary to update HBCU  infrastructure and maintain their competitive edge as institutions of  higher learning supporting that fundamental right.   The President has said these schools are a priority for his  administration. They are absolutely a priority for me as well as for my  colleagues of the CBC and the bipartisan HBCU Caucus. So passing it  proves that Congress can come together to achieve something substantial  for these schools and continue the conversation surrounding HBCUs.   