 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for  creating this opportunity for us to celebrate 100 years of women  serving in Congress.   It is remarkable that we are still trying to see our numbers inch  upwards and continue to be at something like 19 percent when women  represent over 50 percent of the voting population.   I thought it would be interesting to highlight one of these women in  Congress, a great woman, and one that I have long admired. Her name is  Helen Gahagan Douglas. She was the first California woman elected to  Congress in her own right--in that case, not succeeding a deceased  husband.    Helen Gahagan was an actress and an opera singer who did not consider  herself political until a chance conversation she had over coffee while  performing in Vienna, Austria, in 1938. The man was a Nazi sympathizer,  and the things she heard truly sickened her.   She returned to the United States intent on destroying Nazism. She  and her husband, Oscar-winning actor Melvyn Douglas, joined the  Hollywood Anti-Nazi League and called for a boycott of products made in  Nazi Germany.   The release of John Steinbeck's seminal novel, ``The Grapes of  Wrath,'' consumed her. She began studying the plight of migrant  farmworkers coming to California from the Dust Bowl States.   After meeting the author, Helen was named president of the John  Steinbeck Committee and became the national spokesperson for the rights  of migrants.   That work attracted the attention of President and First Lady  Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, and Eleanor became a mentor to Helen.   Helen Gahagan Douglas won the open congressional seat in California's  14th District in 1944. She was in the Hollywood area, and that was her  district.   She served three terms in Congress, earning a reputation as a deep  thinker, voice for the downtrodden, and skilled orator.   In 1950, she ran for the United States Senate, facing fellow southern  California Congressman Richard Nixon.   In the campaign, Nixon conflated her anti-Nazi views and work for  migrant workers with being a communist fellow traveler.   He also employed anti-Semitic surrogates who attacked her for  marrying a Jewish man.   These and other low-campaign tactics spurred Douglas to call Nixon  ``Tricky Dicky,'' a moniker that stuck with him his entire career.   During the Watergate scandal, more than two decades after the 1950  Senate race, a popular bumper sticker in California read, ``Don't blame  me, I voted for Helen Gahagan Douglas.''   After her death in 1980, California State Senator Alan Cranston  delivered a stirring eulogy on the Senate floor. He said: ``I believe  Helen Gahagan Douglas was one of the grandest, most eloquent, and  deepest-thinking people we have had in American politics. She stands  among the best of our 20th century leaders, rivaling even Eleanor  Roosevelt in stature, compassion, and simple greatness.''   But it is Congresswoman Gahagan Douglas' own words that speak best  for her legacy. As we celebrate 100 years of women in Congress, I can  think of few quotes more fitting than Helen's: ``I knew men never would  share power with women willingly. If we wanted it, we would have to  take it.''   