 Mr. President, the matter pending before the Senate  this morning is the nomination of Rick Perry to be Secretary of Energy,  and I have come to the floor to speak to that nomination.   As with Representative Zinke, whom we confirmed to be Secretary of  the Interior just yesterday, I am equally proud to support Governor  Perry's nomination. I know colleagues from both sides of the aisle will  be joining me as we make statements in support of this individual to  our new President's Cabinet.   Before that though, here's a little bit on Governor Perry's  background. He is one who has devoted his life--literally decades of  his life--to public service. After graduating from Texas A&M, he joined  the U.S. Air Force. He piloted C-130 tactical airlift aircraft in  Europe as well as in the Middle East. He has served as a State  representative, agriculture commissioner, Lieutenant Governor, and of  course Governor of Texas.   During his time as Governor, Rick Perry showed that economic growth  and environmental stewardship cannot only survive and coexist, but that  they can really thrive. Over the course of 14 years, Texas added 2.2  million jobs, saw its population grow by more than 6 million people,  and at the same time he had this robust growth within his State's  population, the State reduced its carbon dioxide emissions by 17  percent, reduced its sulfur dioxide emissions by 56 percent, and  reduced its nitrous oxide emissions by 66 percent. So in most States  where you have a considerable plus-up in your population and a growing  economy, you also see growing levels of impact, growing levels of  emission. However Governor Perry dealt with this head-on, and we saw  the results over the course of 14 years in the State of Texas.    He led an effort to decommission older and dirtier power plants. He  prioritized the development of emerging and innovative technologies,  including carbon sequestration and capture. As a result of his  leadership in the State of Texas, that State now leads our Nation in  producing more wind energy than all but five other countries.  [[Page S1550]]    Coming from the State of Alaska, as the Presiding Officer and I do,  we recognize that we are labeled as an oil State. Well, Texas certainly  has been labeled as an oil-producing State. Yet under Governor Perry's  leadership, we have seen Texas lead the Nation in producing more wind  energy than all but five other countries. For those who may come to the  floor and suggest that, somehow or another, Governor Perry is anti- environment or bring up the issue of climate change and suggest that he  does not support care for our environment, that is simply not the case,  and clearly in his case, actions speak louder than words.   As Texas's longest serving Governor, Rick Perry guided a large,  diverse and very complex State government to economic success. Again,  when we are talking about States, Alaska is always out there bragging  about our size, but if Texas were its own country, it would be the 12th  largest economy in the world. So it is one thing to talk about size  just by way of geography, but I think it is important--when we are  talking about economic contribution, the size of Texas as the 12th  largest economy in the world is pretty significant.   What happened in the State of Texas? Not only did the people of Texas  give their endorsement to Governor Perry to ask him to serve again as  Governor, they gave him their endorsement for his work by reelecting  him to office not once but twice--14 years. Governor Perry is a  principled leader, and that will serve him well as he takes the helm at  the Department of Energy.   DOE has a very important mission, ranging from the maintenance of our  nuclear weapons stockpile to the research and development of new energy  technologies. At the same time it is also a department, a bureaucracy,  something that I think we recognize. It is large. It is cumbersome,  with tens of thousands of employees and contractors. I think the  example Governor Perry showed as the State leader of Texas is an  example that will do well at the Department of Energy--capable of  really setting a good direction for the Department.   It has been suggested that he is not one of them in the sense that he  is not an award-winning scientist, but, as I mentioned at his hearing  before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, you do not  necessarily need to have a scientist to lead other scientists; you need  to have somebody who is a good, strong, competent, capable manager.  That is what Governor Perry has demonstrated, and that is what the  Department of Energy needs. He will hold his employees and contractors  accountable. We know he will be a responsible steward of taxpayer  dollars.   I think he will work to continue to break down the research silos  that have frustrated the Department and work to find ways where there  can be greater collaboration, greater working together.   I am also confident that he will pursue policies that will ultimately  provide us with more energy, more stable sources of energy for us  where--unfortunately, we have great sources of energy, but it is high  cost. We need to be working with the Department of Energy. We need  collaboration there to do what we can to reduce the cost of energy, as  well as reduce the amount of energy we consume. By supporting basic  research, encouraging scientific exploration, and fostering innovation,  the Department will increase access to energy, make it more affordable,  and continue to improve its environmental performance.   We have 17 National Labs. We are very proud of them. These National  Labs are at the heart of those efforts. I have had good conversations  with Governor Perry. He reaffirmed in our committee hearing that he  clearly recognizes and values the work done by the men and women at our  National Labs.   One area, which we do not cover within our Committee on Energy and  Natural Resources but which is a big part of DOE's mission, is the  maintenance and the protection of America's nuclear weapons. Governor  Perry recognizes the importance of that mission, and he is committed to  working with experts at the NNSA to maintain a proper stockpile  stewardship program.   I believe Governor Perry will also put his management experience to  work on a challenge that has really vexed the Department and affected  States for a long period of time. He recognizes that we must clean up  the legacy wastes that have been left behind by our nuclear weapons  programs, particularly at the largest of these sites in Washington  State. My hope is that, through his leadership, the Office of  Environmental Management can finally move off of GAO's high-risk list.  I know these conversations have been had with many members on the  committee. It has been pressed as a priority. But, again, ensuring that  we deal with these legacy waste sites has to be a priority.   I will reiterate that my hope is that Governor Perry will help  address the crisis of rural energy prices in Alaska, as well as in  other parts of the country where unfortunately we face high energy  costs.   The Department must do a better job of partnering with institutions.  In our State of Alaska, we have the opportunity to work with DOE  collaboratively. We have been the incubators of good ideas, whether it  is in energy microgrids or in some of the other pioneering way, we have  done it because of necessity. We have no other options. We look to our  institutions to find these good ideas, build on them, and work to bring  down the costs and transition our many remote communities that are  still relying on diesel power. Far too many of our communities are  still dependent on diesel and that is just not right.   So working with Alaska--allow us to be that proving ground for the  Department of Energy. Allow us to be that place where we can first  deploy some of these new ideas, these innovative ideas, these projects  to help lower the costs and really make a difference in people's lives.   Again, I am proud to be here to support Governor Perry's nomination.  I believe he has the management experience we need in the Department of  Energy right now to help pursue scientific discovery and to promote  innovation, to maintain and safeguard our nuclear weapons stockpile, to  make progress on the cleanup of legacy waste, and to partner with  States like Alaska that suffer from high energy costs.   I think we recognize that he has his work cut out for him, but we are  counting on him to fulfill those responsibilities and to keep the  Department of Energy as one that we look to for true leadership not  only here in the United States but around the world.   Governor Rick Perry has a strong record of results based on his  public service in the State of Texas. He is a proven leader, and I am  confident he will do a good job for us leading the Department of Energy  in this new administration. I will be supporting his nomination, and I  certainly urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   I want to make sure we do have locked in at 1:45 a vote on  confirmation of Rick Perry to be Secretary of Energy.    As long as I still have about a minute prior to that  vote, I have no objection.    Mr. President, as we near the vote on the nomination  of Governor Rick Perry to be our next Secretary of Energy, I want to  again reiterate my support for his confirmation.   As I mentioned earlier, Governor Perry has devoted his life to public  service. During his 14 years as Governor of Texas, he championed an  ``all of the above'' energy strategy, and led his State to tremendous  economic growth. He was a good steward of the environment as he worked  to find ways to grow the economy and worked toward achieving major  reductions in emission levels in the State of Texas.   As I said this morning, Governor Perry is a principled leader. He  will set a good direction for the Department of Energy. I am confident  he will pursue scientific discovery, promote innovation, be a good  steward of our nuclear weapons stockpile, and make progress on the  cleanup of our legacy sites, which we recognize are very important. He  will help us build the infrastructure we need to become a global energy  superpower and partner with States, like my State of Alaska, that  suffer from very high energy costs.   He has a strong record. Governor Perry gets results. He is a  competent manager and I think a proven leader. I am pleased to be able  to support his confirmation. I know Members from both sides of the  aisle agree. I think he will be a good addition to our new President's  Cabinet, and I would urge that all Members support his nomination.   I yield the floor.   