 I thank the gentleman so very much for taking the time,  after formal votes have occurred today, to help us enlighten the  American people on what is really at stake here.   I have to say, President Trump carried the State of Ohio by about  450,000 votes out of all the votes that were cast. And there was this  slim hope, I think, on behalf of some of the people who voted for him,  that though he was a billionaire, that there was perhaps a kind heart  that would minister to the people of our country, helping them get more  jobs, helping them deal with their everyday challenges, including  health care.   Unfortunately, this bill is cruel, and it is dangerous. It helps the  billionaire class. Why in heaven's name, of the people that are  drafting this bill on the Republican side of the aisle, would they be  giving billions and billions and billions of tax giveaways to the  wealthiest people in our country; to those that, frankly, if you take  away a couple of million, they wouldn't miss it anyway. You know, when  you have that much money, normal life is kind of distant from your  world.   But what TrumpCare is giving to the rank and file, people are going  to have to pay more for less coverage, and millions and millions of  people are going to lose their coverage completely.   Now, you know, 75 percent of the people who go bankrupt in this  country go bankrupt because of health bills that they can't pay for.  And so when you start tinkering around with people's health insurance  and their coverage, you are playing with wildfire, and that is what is  happening on the Republican side of the aisle.   Now, it used to be that most Americans received their health  insurance through employment, just like in Germany. We had an  employment-based health insurance system. I like that system. I like  for workers to share in the profits of the companies that they help  make money for.   But what has been happening over the years, with so much outsourcing  that Wall Street is more than happy to finance, right, companies are  plucked up from Ohio and put in Mexico, put in China, put in all these  other places around the world. People lose their health insurance. They  lose everything. They are lucky if they can hang on to their houses.   Then what happens? What happens to them? Well, if they are lucky,  they might get a job that pays a third of what they earned before in a  company that doesn't pay health insurance.   Take Walmart, the biggest employer in the country. Go take a look at  their employees and what happens. What is happening is the corporations  are throwing on to the back of the public sector, the Federal  Government, the responsibility to pay for health insurance. So all the  profits that Walmart makes, it doesn't benefit the workers there with  any health insurance. The companies have ceded their responsibility to  provide health insurance as a condition of employment, and they have  transferred that to, guess what, the taxpayer. So what is going on here  is a big shift in responsibility.   The Congressional Budget Office, which is nonpartisan, and the head  of it is a Republican, I might say, but it is the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office reports that with TrumpCare, next year  alone, 14 million fewer Americans will have health insurance.   Some of those currently on the Affordable Care will drop off, and I  am very worried about the 900,000 Ohioans who were finally able to get  insurance, some of whom work for Walmart, some of whom work for small  employers who couldn't afford health insurance, some of them who worked  for big corporations that spit them out when they moved and outsourced  their jobs, that  [[Page H2284]]  they are going to be among these numbers.   We are told by 2020, 21 million people will lose their coverage in  the country; 24 million by 2026, and perhaps the total number of  uninsured Americans rising to reach 52 million. That is going  backwards.   In this bill, they expect 70 million people who are currently on  Medicaid--all right, guess what? They are in nursing homes.   The Republican Party always says they are the pro-life party.  Baloney. This is an anti-life bill. This is going to cost illness and  death across this country.   Here is a story already in my district in Ohio. A man named Joseph is  self-employed, and he used to get his insurance from his wife's  employer. Thank God she had employer-provided health insurance. She  retired, and now the family faced a choice, forced upon them by the  Republican leaders in Congress and President Trump.   They faced the threat of no health coverage, so Joseph heard all this  debate here. He wasn't sure what was going to happen to him in this  fiscal year of 2017, so his choice was to go on the healthcare exchange  and risk losing coverage if the Republicans repeal the Affordable Care  Act and pull the rug out from under him; or he could opt for the  guarantee of 18 months of expensive COBRA insurance. So he opted for  the expensive choice of COBRA, which cost him and his family hundreds  and hundreds and hundreds of dollars in additional costs per month, and  he is putting off a knee replacement because of the uncertainty even  consideration of this bill is causing.    Don't tell me that this isn't cruel and dangerous. And this family  isn't the only one in America that is facing that kind of terrible  health choice.   The TrumpCare proposal in States like Ohio, where we have a lot of  rural counties, we are going to have hundreds of thousands of people  out of work, nurses, long-term care aides.   I just had people from Hospice in my office this afternoon, and we  were talking about home-health care for Hospice patients versus  institutional care, the rising numbers of Vietnam veterans coming into  Hospice facilities.   Well, guess what? Who is going to pay for all of that in the  TrumpCare? These people will be dropped. They will say to the States:  well, we will give you a little bit of money, but we will cap the  money, you know.   And then what happens after 2020? Hey, it is like dropping you out of  an airplane with no parachute. Good luck.   We can't do this. This is a death bill. This is a death knell for the  American people. We can't allow the American people to be treated in  this manner. So we ought to be repairing and fixing and looking in the  windshield, not the rearview mirror of where we need to take health  insurance in this country, but not put so many millions, ten and tens  of millions of Americans at risk, and doling out--Congressman  Garamendi, maybe you could repeat those numbers--over $600 billion in  tax giveaways to the richest people in this country, many of whom  caused the financial crash of 2008. They owe the Republic. They owe the  people of this Republic for what they did.   I have families in my district still underwater on their mortgages,  if they were able to hang on to their homes at all.   The wealthy of this country, starting with Wall Street, owe the  American people a lot. And all those employers who abandoned their  responsibilities and pushed the cost of health insurance on the public  sector because they didn't have the decency to help ensure their own  workers, well, shame on you. Shame on you.   For all the small businesses that finally got health insurance  through this program, thank you for respecting your workers. Thank you  for respecting the Affordable Care Act.   We can do a whole lot better than TrumpCare. And I really feel sorry  that this new President, for whom many of the people in Ohio voted,  doled up this kind of a flawed piece of legislation that is cruel and,  honestly, will result in so many more illnesses across this country,  because people worry about health insurance. They worry about the  affordability of health insurance.   Congressman Garamendi, thank you so very much for having this Special  Order this evening and for inviting me to participate. It has been a  great privilege.    Congressman Garamendi, may I just inject, and I won't  take up much time. But, you know, in this job, you meet everybody. I  come from a working class family. We had to work for everything we ever  had.   I thank the people of my district for allowing me to serve and kind  of learn a whole lot more about our country and the world. And one of  the things I have learned is that when you are that wealthy, these  billionaires, they purchase their own doctors, they purchase their own  nurses. They have special houses where they put them in on their  property.   So, you know, it isn't just the tax cut that goes to the wealthiest  among us, but the imbalance between those who have much and those who  eke out a living is growing greater and greater and greater in our  society.   Now, I think everybody should have good health care. But, honestly,  when you can do that, you are not living in the real world that the  vast majority of Americans live in. I thank the gentleman for allowing  me to put that on the Record.    