 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her tremendous leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and the  underlying bill, which really is the greatest tax scam in America's  history. It is cruel and it is coldhearted.   It steals from the hard-earned paychecks of low- and middle-income  families; lines the pockets of millionaires, billionaires, and wealthy  corporations; and, yes, it makes it easier for corporations to ship  jobs overseas.   Now, for weeks, Republicans have been selling the pipe dream that tax  cuts for the rich will somehow trickle down and benefit the majority of  Americans. That is so far from the truth.   Just yesterday, the Tax Policy Center revealed that 83 percent of the  tax breaks in this bill go to the top 1 percent.   What is worse, 86 million middle-income households will face tax  hikes and 13 million Americans will lose healthcare coverage.   Mr. Speaker, constituents in my congressional district are afraid of  their futures because this tax scam is going to severely devastate  families in California. Nearly 2 million Californians stand to lose  their State and local deductions if Republicans succeed.   This is truly a slap in the face to the American people. Republicans  have already and have always, yes, made it clear that this tax scam is  a Trojan horse for Republicans to take an axe to Medicare, Social  Security, and programs that lift people out of poverty. But the public  is not going to let them get away with this. They will remember who is  shattering their lives.   This bill is ruthless. It makes clear that Republicans only value the  lives of the wealthy and their donors. That is whose side they are on.   Well, Democrats are on the side of middle- and low-income families  who are working hard just to make ends meet, to take care of their  children, to make better wages, and who are fighting for a better  future.   Mr. Speaker, we should oppose this bill and this rule. It is really a  raw deal for the American people. The public knows whose side we are  on, and the public knows whose side that the Republicans are on.   