 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 2921, the National Forest System  Vegetation Management Pilot Program Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2921 is a bipartisan bill that would help protect  electric transmission lines from forest fires and other potential  forest management issues. The bill creates voluntary pilot project  authority for the U.S. Forest Service to partner with the private  sector to proactively undertake limited and selective vegetation  management projects near utility infrastructure.   These pilot projects include, but are not limited to, things like  tree thinning and fuel reduction, which would help to alleviate some of  the risk of forest fires and enhance electric reliability.   H.R. 2921 requires that all projects comply with existing  environmental laws.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 2941, the Kisatchie National Forest Land  Conveyance Act.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2941 permits the sale of two isolated parcels of  Kisatchie National Forest land, totaling approximately 50 acres. These  parcels are isolated from the forest's core lands and are intermixed  with private land and residences, leaving it incompatible with the  National Forest management.   The proceeds from the sale of these parcels will be made available  for the acquisition of lands and interest in the Kisatchie National  Forest.   Under H.R. 2941, the Secretary of Agriculture is required to first  convey a portion of the land to Collins Camp Properties. Collins Camp  Properties must pay reasonable appraisal costs and costs of any  required administrative and environmental analysis.   H.R. 2941 allows the Kisatchie National Forest to consolidate  ownership of natural lands and continues the strong tradition of the  National Forest Service acting as stewards for the environment.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3567.   H.R. 3567 will allow California's Riverside-Corona Resource  Conservation District to purchase at appraised value the parcel of  property on which it is currently located, which is the former U.S.  Salinity Laboratory.   The property is currently administered by the USDA's Natural  Resources Conservation Service and is being comanaged under a  cooperative agreement. The cooperative agreement dates back to 1996.  Since that time, the Riverside-Corona Resource Conservation District  has invested $2.8 million into the property with the understanding that  NRCS would eventually transfer ownership.   The Riverside-Corona Resource Conservation District provides natural  resource conservation through education, collaboration, and technical  assistance in southern California.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and I urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of this measure.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 2521, the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act  of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, the 2002 farm bill established the Peanut Standards  Board to advise the Secretary of Agriculture on quality and handling  standards for domestically produced and imported peanuts. The board  consists of 18 members representing three regions: the Southeast, the  Southwest, and the Virginia/North Carolina region.   Despite its status as the Nation's fourth largest peanut-producing  State, South Carolina is not represented on the Peanut Standards Board.   H.R. 2521, or the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017, would  correct this problem by adding South Carolina to the Virginia/North  Carolina region and making peanut farmers and industry representatives  from the State eligible for board appointments.   The legislation has the support of the entire South Carolina  delegation as well as the support of South Carolina, Virginia, and  North Carolina peanut growers.   In conclusion, H.R. 2521 gives South Carolinians a rightful  opportunity to serve on the Peanut Standards Board.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   