 Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Virginia. He is  doing a public service with his response to the bill that is coming  forward today.   Mr. Chairman, you can call this bill whatever you want, but it is not  a reform bill. It creates a problem in order to get rid of it.   Mr. Chairman, 0.18 percent is all of the employees who get dismissed.  The sponsor must want more. Instead of taking that as an indication of  the competency and of the excellence of Federal employees--under 1  percent, only 0.18--there must be more to be  [[Page H9552]]  fired than that. The data shows the opposite.   The Federal workforce has consistently been understood to be the best  qualified public employees in the country however you look at them,  particularly with their education and with their efforts.   The first reason the sponsor gives for this bill is that managers  ``simply lose track of time and are unaware of the 1-year deadline  approaching.''   Whose competency should we be checking? Not the employees, surely.  Management should be doing its job. They are paid big Federal bucks  precisely for that.   But they are paid to do something else. They are paid to observe.  They are not observing if they are not even looking for the 1-year  deadline wherein they could fire an employee.   They are supposed to assist employees during that first year. They  are supposed to help correct employees during that first year.   What are they doing during that first year losing track of it? Who  bears the burden is the employee who may be perfectly competent but  wasn't receiving the assistance or the oversight to which she was  entitled.   We are moving without information that would help us understand if  there is a problem. What is the reason for not calling witnesses to  find out if there is a problem? Because if there is, then we ought to  do something about it.   We do know this: 36 percent of all the employees dismissed are  dismissed in that first year. That would seem to indicate that maybe  management is doing its job.   Today's young workforce is always looking for better opportunities.  Pass this bill, and you chase away the best and the brightest from even  applying to work for the American people.   