 Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member Danny Davis. I rise  to express support for H.R. 2842, Accelerating Individuals into the  Workforce Act.   I do, again, want to thank my dear friend, Representative Davis, for  recognizing the importance of subsidizing jobs as something that was  featured in my RISE Out of Poverty bill, and I applaud this bipartisan  bill as a small step in the right direction.   Now, this bill calls for a demonstration project, which would show  progress toward reducing poverty in our country through a 1-year test  of subsidized employment programs. But I would note, Mr. Chairman, that  it certainly does not tackle the larger shortcomings of TANF, which is  in desperate need of reform.   If enacted, this bill would exhibit a great start at helping TANF  recipients obtain short-term employment. However, methods to retain  long-term employment through higher education and childcare options for  TANF recipients are still needed.   I do want to point out, Mr. Chairman, that contrary to popular  notions of welfare recipients--I have been a welfare recipient myself-- people on public assistance do, in fact, want to work, but they want to  work at a wage that is sustainable. They want to work at a job that  includes training opportunities. They want to work at jobs that provide  them with a career ladder, and they, certainly, want to work at a job  that will bring them out of poverty--something that will help them work  in a durable, lasting fashion.   Since I have a little bit more time than I thought I was going to  have, I just want to point out that it is a little-known fact that  current law under TANF actually requires welfare recipients to do  unwaged work. How absurd is that? Who in this body, Mr. Chairman, would  work for absolutely nothing?   I want to note that the proposed funding mechanism in H.R. 2842 does  not appear in my RISE Out of Poverty bill. TANF funds are woefully  inadequate already. They are pegged to a 1994 appropriations, and,  certainly, this flat funding would inure to the detriment of the entire  TANF program.   Mr. Chair, I urge Members to support this bill.   