 Mr. Speaker, I want you to look and keep your eyes  on who will feel the TrumpCare's mother of all bombs of health care  dropped on the American people. God have mercy on your soul.   I am a person living with a preexisting disease. I am a breast cancer  survivor. This heartless and callous bill, with 24 million-plus people  being thrown off of health care and the reverse Robin Hood of stealing  from the poor and the seniors laying in their beds, and you are doing  an age tax that is five times more than any other young person has to  pay, is disgraceful, as well as the pittance that you have given for  preexisting conditions, which is $8 billion. They say you need $25  billion.   Then you are telling the States to get a waiver. They are going to  celebrate. And then you are saying to Trump, the king, that we have the  votes to drop that mother of all bombs of health care.   Let me just simply say: I want to stand with the people. I want her  to live in dignity and to be able to get well. I want to make sure that  Medicaid is provided for working families. I don't want the poor to  sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, to steal bread from the  market because they can't get any health insurance.   God have mercy on your soul.   Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Budget Committee and the  representative of a congressional district that has benefitted  enormously from the Affordable Care Act, I rise in strong and  unyielding opposition to H.R. 1628, the so-called ``American Health  Care Act,'' which more accurately should be called ``Trumpcare, the Pay  More for Less Act.''   I oppose this third and latest reincarnation of Trumpcare for several  compelling reasons:   1. Trumpcare forces families to pay higher premiums and deductibles,  increasing out-of-pocket costs.   2. Trumpcare will take away health care from 24 million hardworking  Americans.   3. Trumpcare would gut Essential Health Benefits and protections for  Americans with pre-existing conditions.   4. Trumpcare forces Americans aged 50-64 to pay premiums five times  higher than what others pay for health coverage, no matter how healthy  they are.  [[Page H4128]]    5. Trumpcare shortens the life of the Medicare Trust Fund and  ransacks funds that seniors depend on to get the long-term care they  need.   Mr. Speaker, 85 months ago, on March 23, 2010, redeemed a promise  that had been unfulfilled for nearly a 100 years, when he signed into  law the landmark Affordable Care Act passed by the Democratic  controlled 111th Congress.   Seven years later, the verdict is in on the Affordable Care Act: the  American people have judged it a success.   As reflected in the most recent public opinion polls, 61% of  Americans approve of ObamaCare and oppose efforts to repeal it, the  highest approval rates on record to date and continuing an inexorable  upward trend over the past several years.   Mr. Speaker, the reason Americans are adamantly opposed to Republican  repeal efforts, including the third iteration of Trumpcare now before  us is that Obamacare is no longer a bogey cooked up in Republican  talking points but a life-saving and life affirming measure that they  experienced in their own lives.   Americans think it is beyond crazy to repeal a law that has brought  to more than 20 million Americans the peace of mind and security that  comes with knowing they have access to affordable, high quality health  care.   Before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, 17.1% of Americans  lacked health insurance; today nearly nine of ten (89.1%) are insured,  which is the highest rate since Gallup began tracking insurance  coverage in 2008.   Because of the Affordable Healthcare Act:   1. insurance companies are banned from discriminating against anyone,  including 17 million children, with a preexisting condition, or  charging higher rates based on gender or health status;   2. 6.6 million young-adults up to age 26 can stay on their parents'  health insurance plans;   3. 100 million Americans no longer have annual or life-time limits on  healthcare coverage;   4. 6.3 million seniors in the ``donut hole'' have saved $6.1 billion  on their prescription drugs;   5. 3.2 million seniors now get free annual wellness visits under  Medicare, and   6. 360,000 Small Businesses are using the Health Care Tax Credit to  help them provide health insurance to their workers;   7. Pregnancy is no longer a pre-existing condition and women can no  longer be charged a higher rate just because they are women.   We are becoming a nation of equals when it comes to access to  affordable healthcare insurance.   With all of this progress, and the prospect for more through further  refinements, who in their right mind would want to go back to how it  used to be?   The answer seems to be only the President and House Republicans who  call the Affordable Care Act and its enviable record of success a  ``disaster.''   Americans know a disaster when they see one and they see one in the  making: it is called ``Trumpcare,'' masquerading as the ``American  Health Care Act,'' which will force Americans to pay more, get less,  decimate the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and give a massive tax cut  for top 1 percent.   Americans are right to be alarmed and angered by what the Trump  Republicans are trying to do by rushing to vote on a Trumpcare bill  before it can be scored by highly respected and nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office.   What we do know for sure is that this Trumpcare bill is a massive  $900 billion tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of  America's seniors, the vulnerable, the poor, and working class  households.   Trump gave the game away on March 20, 2017 in one of his trademark  pep rallies:   ``We want a very big tax cut, but cannot do that until we keep our  promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.''   This ``Robin Hood in reverse'' bill is unprecedented and breathtaking  in its audacity--no bill ever tried to give so much to the rich while  taking so much from the poor and working class.   When they were forced to pull Trumpcare 1.0 from the floor because  they lacked the votes to pass, House Republican leaders responded by  adding an amendment (Trumpcare 2.0) that made the original bill even  worse.   Trumpcare 2.0 would allow states to jettison existing essential  health benefit requirements, thereby permitting health plans covering  millions of people once again to exclude coverage for maternity and  newborn care, pediatric dental and vision services, mental health and  substance use services, and other crucial benefits.   All this accomplished was a hemorrhaging of support from the moderate  wing of the Republican Conference who feared the repercussions of  leaving millions of Americans with preexisting conditions without  health insurance so the Trump Republicans invented Trumpcare 3.0 to  provide $8 billion over five years to offset the cost of setting up  separate pools or premium assistance programs for people with pre- existing conditions.   This pittance is not designed or intended to help real people with  preexisting conditions, but to provide cover for House Republicans to  walk the plank.   According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, at least $25 billion per  year would be required, not $8 billion spread out over five years as  provided for in Trumpcare 3.0.   Trumpcare represents the largest transfer of wealth from the bottom  99% to the top 1% in American history.   This callous Republican scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich,  and pays for it by taking insurance away from 24 million people,  leaving 52 million uninsured, and raising costs for the poor and middle  class.   In addition, Republicans are giving the pharmaceutical industry a big  tax repeal, worth nearly $25 billion over a decade without demanding in  return any reduction in the cost of prescription and brand-name drugs.   To paraphrase Winston Churchill, of this bill, it can truly be said  that ``never has so much been taken from so many to benefit so few.''   The Pay-More-For-Less plan destroys the Medicaid program under the  cover of repealing the Affordable Care Act Medicaid expansion.   CBO estimates 14 million Americans will lose Medicaid coverage by  2026 under the Republican plan.   In addition to terminating the ACA Medicaid expansion, the bill  converts Medicaid to a per-capita cap that is not guaranteed to keep  pace with health costs starting in 2020.   The combined effect of these policies is to slash $880 billion in  federal Medicaid funding over the next decade.   The cuts get deeper with each passing year, reaching 25% of Medicaid  spending in 2026.   These steep cuts will force states to drop people from Medicaid  entirely or ration care for those who most need access to comprehensive  coverage.   The Pay-More-For-Less plan undermines the health care safety net for  vulnerable populations.   Currently, Medicaid provides coverage to more than 70 million  Americans, including children, pregnant women, seniors in Medicare,  people who are too disabled to work, and parents struggling to get by  on poverty-level wages.   In addition to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers long-term  services like nursing homes and home and community-based services that  allow people with chronic health conditions and disabilities to live  independently.   To date, 31 states and D.C. have expanded Medicaid eligibility to  low-income adults, which, when combined with the ACA's other coverage  provisions, has helped to reduce the nation's uninsured rate to the  lowest in history.   Trumpcare throws 24 million Americans off their health insurance by  2026 according to the Congressional Budget Office.   Low-income people will be hit especially hard because 14 million  people will lose access to Medicaid by 2026 according to CBO.   Trumpcare massively shifts who gets insured in the nongroup market.   According to CBO, ``fewer lower-income people would obtain coverage  through the nongroup market under the legislation than current law,''  and, ``a larger share of enrollees in the nongroup market would be  younger people and a smaller share would be older people.''   The projected 10% reduction in premiums is not the result of better  care or efficiency--it is in large part the result of higher-cost and  older people being pushed out of a market that is also selling plans  that provide less financial protection.   People with low incomes suffer the greatest losses in coverage.   CBO projects the uninsured rate for people in their 30s and 40s with  incomes below 200% of poverty will reach 38% in 2026 under this bill,  nearly twice the rate projected under current law.   Among people aged 50-64, CBO projects 30% of those with incomes below  200% of poverty will be uninsured in 2026.   Under current law, CBO projects the uninsured rate would only be 12  percent.   Being uninsured is not about ``freedom.''   Speaker Ryan has argued that people will happily forgo insurance  coverage because this bill gives them that ``freedom.''   The argument makes as much sense as the foolish claim that slaves  came to America as ``immigrants'' seeking a better life.   The freedom to be uninsured is no freedom at all to people in their  50s and 60s with modest incomes who simply cannot afford to pay  thousands of dollars toward premiums.   They do not really have a choice.   The claim of our Republican friends that Trumpcare provides more  freedom to all Americans calls to mind the words of Anatole France:   ``The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the  poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread  from the market.''  [[Page H4129]]    Trumpcare raises costs for Americans nearing retirement, essentially  imposing an ``Age Tax.''   The bill allows insurance companies to charge older enrollees higher  premiums than allowed under current law, while reducing the size of  premium tax credits provided.   Again, these changes hit low-income older persons the hardest.   A 64-year-old with an income of $26,500 buying coverage in the  individual market will pay $12,900 more toward their premiums in 2026,  on average.   Trumpcare raises costs for individuals and families with modest  incomes, particularly older Americans.   A recent analysis found that in 2020, individuals with incomes of  about $31,000 would pay on average $4,000 more out of pocket for health  care--which is like getting a 13% pay cut.   And the older you are, the worse it gets.   An analysis by the Urban Institute estimates that for Americans in  their 50s and 60s, the tax credits alone would only be sufficient to  buy plans with major holes in them, such as $30,000 deductible for  family coverage and no coverage at all of brand-name drugs or many  therapy services.   Another reason I oppose the Trumpcare bill before us is because its  draconian cuts in Medicaid funding and phase-out of Medicaid expansion  put community health centers at risk.   Community health centers are consumer-driven and patient-centered  organizations that serve as a comprehensive and cost effective primary  health care option for America's most underserved communities.   Community health centers serve as the health care home for more than  25 million patients in nearly 10,000 communities across the country.   Across the country, 550 new clinics have opened to receive 5 million  new patients since 2009.   Community health centers serve everyone regardless of ability to pay  or insurance status:   1. 71% of health center patients have incomes at or below 100% of  poverty and 92% have incomes less than 200% of poverty;   2. 49% of health center patients are on Medicaid; and   3. 24% are uninsured;   4. Community health centers annually serve on average 1.2 million  homeless patients and more than 300,000 veterans.   Community health centers reduce health care costs and produce  savings--on average, health centers save 24% per Medicaid patient when  compared to other providers.   Community health centers integrate critical medical and social  services such as oral health, mental health, substance abuse, case  management, and translation, under one roof.   Community health centers employ nearly 100,000, people and generate  over $45 billion in total economic activity in some of the nation's  most distressed communities.   Mr. Speaker, community health centers are on the front lines of every  major health crisis our country faces; from providing access to care  (and employment) to veterans to addressing the opioid epidemic to  responding to public health threats like the Zika virus.   We should be providing more support and funding to community health  centers; not making it more difficult for them to serve the communities  that desperately need them by slashing Medicaid funding.   Trumpcare Republican plan leaves rural Americans worse off.   Mr. Speaker, health insurance has historically been more expensive in  rural areas because services cost more and it is hard to have a stable  individual market with a small population.   Under the Affordable Care Act, premium subsidies are tied to local  costs, which helps keeps premium costs down.   But they are not under the Republican plan.   So, under the Republican plan residents in rural areas, who tend to  be older and poorer, will pay much more and get much less health  insurance.   What the Affordable Care Act, and its repeal means in the lives of  real people:   At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, the powerful and compelling  reasons to reject Trumpcare lie in the real world experiences of the  American people.   Let me briefly share with you the positive, life affirming difference  made by the Affordable Care Act in the lives of just three of the  millions of Americans it has helped.   Joan Fanwick: ``If Obamacare is repealed, I don't know if I'll live  to see the next President''   ``After nearly a decade of mysterious health scares, I was diagnosed  with an autoimmune disorder called Sjogren's syndrome last year, when I  was a junior at Temple University.   ``It's a chronic illness with no known cause or cure, and without  close medical surveillance and care, it can lead to life-threatening  complications (like the blood infection I frequently experience).   ``For me, having this disorder means waking up every morning and  taking 10 different medications.   ``It also means a nurse visiting my apartment every Saturday to  insert a needle into the port in my chest, so I can give myself IV  fluids throughout the week.   ``Without insurance, my medical expenses would cost me about $1,000  per week--more than $50,000 per year. And that doesn't even include  hospitalizations.   ``My medical bills aren't cheap under Obamacare, but I can afford  them.   ``Under Obamacare, insurance companies aren't allowed to cut you off  when your costs climb so right now, the most I personally have to pay  out of pocket is $1,000 per year.''   Brain Norgaard: ``I am a small business owner and leadership trainer  who Obamacare has helped tremendously.''   Brian Norgaard, a Dallas, Texas resident called my office to express  his opposition to Trumpcare and to offer share how the Affordable Care  Act has helped small business owners like himself:   ``I am a small business owner and leadership trainer who Obamacare  has helped tremendously.   ``My wife and I both own small businesses in the Dallas, Texas area  and as a result of the huge savings we received after paying lower  [healthcare] premiums under Obamacare, we were able to reinvest those  saving into both of our businesses and the community.   ``And the healthcare we received was quality, at that.''   Ashley Walton: ``For cancer survivors, we literally live and die by  insurance''   Ashley Walton was 25 when a mole on her back turned out to be  melanoma.   She had it removed, but three years later she discovered a lump in  her abdomen.   She was then unemployed and uninsured, and so she put off going to a  doctor.   She tried to buy health insurance. Every company rejected her.   Ashley eventually became eligible for California's Medicaid program,  which had been expanded under the Affordable Care Act.   The 32-year-old Oakland resident credits her survival to the ACA.   Without it, ``I would likely be dead, and my family would likely be  bankrupt from trying to save me.''   Before any of our Republican colleagues supporting this bill cast  their vote, I urge them to reflect on the testimony of Joan, Brian, and  Ashley, and on this question posed by a constituent to Sen. Cotton of  Arkansas at a recent town hall:   ``I've got a husband dying and we can't afford--let me tell you  something.   ``If you can get us better coverage than this [Obamacare], go for it.   ``Let me tell you what we have, plus a lot of benefits that we need.   ``We have $29 per month for my husband. Can you beat that? Can you?   With all the congestive heart failures, and open heart surgeries,  we're trying. $29 per month. And he's a hard worker.   $39 for me.''   Like a horror film of yore with monsters and vampires, both the  original Trumpcare and its sequels threaten to return this country to  the days when annual and lifetime dollar-based limits on the use of  essential health benefits shifted tremendous financial and health risks  to working families.   Insurance companies could charge people with pre-existing conditions  many times more than they charge healthy people--just as they did  before the Affordable Care Act.   Millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions would be at risk  of losing health coverage or face premiums so high only the very  wealthy could afford them--the same people who benefit from the massive  tax cuts in the original bill.   I urge all Members to reject Trumpcare, one of the most monstrously  cruel and morally bankrupt legislative proposals ever to be considered  in this chamber.   To paraphrase a famous former reality television personality,  ``believe me, Trumpcare is a disaster.''   We should reject it and keep instead ``something terrific'': and that  is the Affordable Care Act, regarded lovingly by millions of Americans  as ``Obamacare.''   