 Madam Chair, I thank Mr. Davis for his  outstanding advocacy on behalf of families all across America.   Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2824 because this  Republican bill throws up unnecessary bureaucratic hoops and roadblocks  to the progress we have made under the Maternal, Infant, and Early  Childhood Home Visiting initiative.   It is smart policy to target resources and community experts to  families who are most at risk back home. I have seen it in action back  home in Tampa, Florida, where experts simply go to the home and explain  to parents the importance of reading to your young child to get them  ready for school, the importance of sleep, healthy habits, turning off  the TV, and focusing on being a family unit. That is why it is so  unfortunate that the Republicans are targeting the progress we have  made.   We are smarter now. We understand what is successful, and,  unfortunately, H.R. 2824 would undermine successful home visiting  initiatives by making policy changes that no expert has  [[Page H7510]]  asked for. Indeed, I checked with my folks back home at the University  of South Florida and on the ground there across the Tampa Bay area, and  they say that, no, this bill will jeopardize the progress that we are  making right now. In fact, they think that the match requirement will  bring to an end the progress that we have been able to make because of  the pressure on our State budget.   The way forward is through the bill that my colleagues--Mr. Davis,  Mr. Doggett, Ms. DeGette--and I have charted under H.R. 3525, which is  a fairly clean reauthorization that doubles down on what works and  doesn't invest in the bureaucratic red tape that simply is not going to  help a family succeed.   So, Madam Chair, I urge the House to defeat this bill and, instead,  to work in a bipartisan fashion.   The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.   Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Chairwoman, I yield the  gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds.    Madam Chair, instead, I urge the House to  defeat this bill that is not recommended by anyone in the field.  Instead, let's work in a bipartisan way on what works, what saves  taxpayers' money in the long run, and, most importantly, what truly  boosts families.   