 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Ohio for his  leadership in impressing on the American people to take a look at Mr.  Otting, who has been named to be the head of the OCC. I rise and join  my voice with his in saying that this is a bad nomination for America.   Donald Trump promised during his inaugural address to fight for the  ``forgotten men and women of our country.'' Yet, even before his bags  were unpacked at the White House, he started bringing Wall Street to  Washington, importing the worst of the worst bankers who had gambled  away the economy, putting them in charge of regulating the same  companies they once worked for. It is a long list.   It is the former Goldman Sachs president, Gary Cohn, to lead the  National Economic Council and Wall Street fat cat Wilbur Ross to lead  the Commerce Department. Randal Quarles went straight from his private  equity fund to the Federal Reserve, where he is now responsible for  regulating our biggest banks.   Maybe the most important and most ridiculous of all of the Wall  Street imports is Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. Mnuchin spent 17  years at Goldman Sachs. As the financial crisis was sweeping across the  country, Mnuchin organized a team of billionaires to purchase IndyMac  Bank out of Federal receivership. He rebranded the bank as OneWest and  put himself in charge. Then Mr. Mnuchin and OneWest acted swiftly and  decisively to boot more than 36,000 families out of their homes all  over the country.   The Senate should never have confirmed that kind of person to run the  Treasury Department, but it did. Now, among other things, he leads the  Council that is responsible for making sure Wall Street does not blow  up our economy again. I know it actually sounds like a joke, but the  risks for the rest of us are way too serious.   Republicans don't seem to have any problem with any of this. In fact,  they are doubling down. Today, they plan to confirm Mnuchin's former  OneWest business partner, Joseph Otting, to lead the Office of the  Comptroller of the Currency and take another seat on that same Council.   The OCC is one of the most important regulators you have probably  never heard of. It is the main bank overseer of the United States. It  charters, regulates, and supervises more than 1,400 banks. The OCC  writes rules to make the economy more secure, and it puts examiners  inside the big banks in order to catch new tricks and scams before they  harm consumers or, worse, before they crash the economy, and when banks  mess up, it is the OCC's job to enforce the law.   Mr. Otting is buddies with the Treasury Secretary from their days of  leading OneWest Bank. I guess that is why he got this nomination, but  if you care about making sure regulators watch out for families,  businesses, and our economy, it is hard to think of anyone worse for  this job other than Steve Mnuchin. We all know a segment of the banking  industry specialized in squeezing American families, particularly after  the financial meltdown, but OneWest may have been the worst of the  worst, especially when Otting was president and CEO from 2010 to 2015.   What happened on Mr. Otting's watch?   OneWest ran a notorious foreclosure mill that threw thousands of  families out of their homes and illegally--underline ``illegally''-- foreclosed on dozens of servicemembers. The OneWest crew didn't just  hurt families; it destroyed whole communities when it foreclosed on  dozens of properties in the same neighborhoods, making it even harder  for families to start over and rebuild. OneWest stole homes out from  underneath families, lying to homeowners who were legally entitled to  modify their mortgages and keep their homes under a government program  and telling them the only way forward was through foreclosure.   OneWest treated all of its homeowners like garbage, but its treatment  of minority homeowners was particularly disgusting. OneWest was nine  times more likely to foreclose on a homeowner who was in a community of  color than to offer him a mortgage.   All of this went down while the bank was busy vacuuming up more than  $1 billion in taxpayer bailout money during the financial crisis. These  scams at OneWest devastated a lot of American homeowners and, at the  same time, put Mr. Otting in the same room with a lot of regulators.   After an investigation by the Treasury Department found that OneWest  systematically cheated in foreclosure proceedings, including by lying  in sworn statements to judges, cutting corners, and failing to check to  make sure they had the right documents before foreclosing on families,  Mr. Otting signed a consent decree with the government to agree that  OneWest would pay more than 10,000 people for improperly throwing them  out of their homes, but that is not all. In 2015, OneWest forked over  more than $89 million in fines to the Department of Justice for  defrauding the government and illegally putting taxpayers on the hook  for the loans if they went bad.   So what happened to Mr. Otting after hurting all of those families,  after lying to judges, after admitting to defrauding the U.S.  Government? He got a nice $12 million severance check and a call from  Donald Trump, asking if he wanted a corner office right here in  Washington.   It is crazy to expect a banker who has broken the law to turn around  and fight to enforce it. It is like putting criminals in charge of the  police station and expecting them not to look the other way while their  buddies keep stealing. There is nothing in Mr. Otting's record to  suggest he would protect consumers from financial fraud or take the  steps needed to rein in the banks or avoid future financial meltdowns.   You may not have heard of the OCC, but I promise you that when this  agency refuses to stand up to the big banks and enforce the law,  American families get hurt. It is as simple as that. Before the  financial crisis, the OCC buddied up with the banks they were supposed  to regulate, and everybody knew it. The result was the 2008 financial  crisis that cost our economy $14 trillion. Millions of families lost  their homes. Millions lost their jobs. Millions lost their savings and  their retirement money. Nearly a decade later, many American families  are still hurting. Now the Trump administration is ready to take us  back to the bad old days, in which banks made gobs of money off risky  bets while the regulators just looked the other way.  [[Page S7251]]    Confirming Mr. Otting is kicking dirt in the faces of every one of  OneWest's victims. It is a gut punch to every American who was hurt in  the financial crisis. Even if none of that matters to you, it is a  terrible idea because leaving Mr. Otting in charge of bank regulation  will endanger our economy. American families and businesses need and  deserve a cop on the beat who will fight hard to keep them safe.  Everything we know about Mr. Otting says he will be out there fighting  for the big banks.   I will be voting no on Mr. Otting's nomination, and I urge all of my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   