 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the  United States Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett) for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my Caribbean-American  sisters and brothers across this country. For  [[Page H5176]]  hundreds of years, Caribbean Americans have contributed to the  artistic, legal, literary, diplomatic, business, athletic, and  medical--you name it, there is not an endeavor where you won't find a  Caribbean American who helped shape American society.   Alexander Hamilton grew up in the Leeward Islands of St. Kitts and  Nevis and went on to found our economic system. Former Attorney General  Eric Holder, whose family came from Barbados, served honorably as the  first Black Attorney General. General Colin Powell, whose own parents  immigrated from Jamaica, became our Nation's first Black chairman of  the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the first Black Secretary of State.   Constance Baker Motley, whose parents were from Nevis, drafted the  complaint in the landmark case of Brown v. Board of Education before  serving as our Nation's first Black female Federal judge.   Shirley Chisholm, my predecessor and role model, served in Congress  for seven terms and became the first Black woman to seek a major  party's nomination for President. Her family was from modern-day Guyana  and Barbados.   Who can forget the unmatched contributions of such notable performers  as Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Sammy Davis, Jr., and even Beyonce?   Let me add Rihanna. I could go on.   But by any measure, Caribbean Americans have enriched the United  States beyond their numbers. They have made the United States better,  stronger, and more vibrant while serving as a credit to the Caribbean  region and the United States of America.   I, myself, am the proud daughter of Jamaican immigrants. My mother,  Dr. Una Clarke, served as the first Caribbean-born female member of the  New York City Council. In fact, she was the first foreign-born female  to serve in the New York City Council.   For those reasons, I am proud to represent one of the largest  Caribbean diaspora communities in the Nation and to serve as one of the  co-chairs of the Congressional Caribbean Caucus.   However, unfortunately, the Caribbean region stands at a crossroads  today. Many of the nations face high energy prices, environmental  degradation, public health challenges, and economic challenges imposed  by the correspondent banking crisis. Haiti, in particular, has been  beset by numerous challenges over the past few years through no fault  of its own.   I believe that the United States must not be silent in the face of  those challenges. The Caribbean region is known favorably as the third  border of the United States. Instead, it should aid our Caribbean  neighbors to help ensure a vibrant future in the region.   Indeed, the State Department's recent report to Congress on the U.S.- Caribbean strategic partnership marked a step in the right direction.  However, we must continue making strides on the road to full diplomatic  engagement in accordance with our values and as befitting our friends  and neighbors in the region.   I find it quite fascinating that so many other nations around the  world have found this region in the Western Hemisphere to be partners  with, and, we, right on its borders, have given it short shrift. When  you look at the level of investment that China is making in the  Caribbean region right now, it should give us all pause in the United  States as we are concerned about the expansion of their influence into  the Western Hemisphere.   So, Mr. Speaker, as I speak with pride today, I want to mention the  name Susan Rice, former Ambassador to the U.N., another proud Caribbean  American; and Patrick Ewing, formerly of the New York Nicks, another  proud Caribbean American. The list goes on and on. We have deeply  benefited from their contributions to our life, enriching society here  in the United States of America.   I would be remiss if I left the floor this evening without adding my  voice to that of my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in  condemning this horrible healthcare bill that has been put forth in the  United States Senate. It is a companion to the horrible bill that was  put forth by United States House of Representatives.   I am a Christian and I practice my faith regularly. There is  something said in the Bible about wickedness in high places. I have to  speak to the wickedness within this bill that we, as a civil society,  would remove the ability for people to just have human dignity, to have  life, to be able to see their doctors, to be able to make sure that  their children are well taken care of, that their parents can live out  their days in dignity and in as best health as possible is really a  blot on this Nation.   We have been through generations of challenges. We have reached a  point where, in this Nation, we have made a lot of progress in really  doing our best for our neighbors as we would do for ourselves. This is  totally a step back.   Our children are going to ask us where we were when this vicious bill  was proposed that Americans would be stripped of the ability to access  healthcare in the United States of America in the 21st century.   I stand shoulder to shoulder with my colleagues in the Congressional  Black Caucus to say that we stood on the floor of the House and we  fought. We fought for human dignity. We fought to make sure that this  would not be something that would not rest on the mind and the  conscious of our colleagues, that they would reflect on how they would  feel if this bill were to impact them personally.   I find it really ironic that in many of the districts that this  healthcare bill would impact, our colleagues are basically stripping  away the well-being of their own constituents--people who voted and  sent them here. It is truly unfortunate that we value wealth over human  dignity; that we value giving money to people who haven't even asked  for it over making sure that we can stop pandemics, that we can  continue research into cures for those who may be ill, and that we can  continue to move along the path of preventive health, which is, by far,  the best way for us to conduct our lives in the United States of  America. To see emergency rooms, if they remain open, filled with those  who are uninsured in this day and age is not worthy of who we are as a  nation.   So I stand with my colleagues to say that we will fight until the  last person standing to bring dignity to our Nation--to all people--but  we fight, in particular, as a Congressional Black Caucus for those who  have been most victimized and are the most vulnerable amongst us, and  those are the people of the African-American communities here in the  United States.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms.  Plaskett) for yielding.   