 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill,  H.R. 1547, the Udall Park Land Exchange Completion Act.   Udall Park is a cherished urban park in the heart of Tucson. The city  has invested millions of dollars in park facilities, including  construction of very large community recreation and senior centers, a  large swimming pool, a walking track, and multiple athletic fields and  picnic areas.   In 2011, the mayor and city council approved a master plan update  that calls for plans to invest even more money into the park by way of  additional athletic fields and expanded recreational programming.  However, unresolved disputes over this land have directly impeded the  city from taking advantage of opportunities to supplement park funding,  approve certain community events, or look to other commercial ventures  like local farmers markets on small portions of the park that would  benefit the city in general.   The Udall Park Land Exchange Completion Act resolves this historic  land exchange agreement between the city of Tucson and the Bureau of  Land Management at Udall Park.   In 1989, the city of Tucson and BLM entered into an agreement to  exchange 297 acres of land adjacent to Saguaro National Park for 173  acres of BLM-owned land in northeast Tucson, now known as Udall Park.  This agreement specifically outlined that the terms and conditions of  this land conveyance would include a legislative fix to remove any and  all encumbrances on Udall Park. Unfortunately, this legislation never  came to fruition due to staff changes in multiple agencies in the city,  and who knows what else, but as a result, the city has been prevented  from utilizing Udall Park to its fullest extent. Recently, the issue  came to a head over disputes on a small commercial lease located in  Udall Park.   Federal red tape should not stand in the way of communities like mine  developing local parks. It is common sense. Udall Park is a beautiful  place in our southern Arizona community to gather, but this  longstanding land dispute has prevented the city of Tucson from  improving the park and growing it to its full potential for too long.   When I am out and about in my district and people come to me with  challenges and issues like this, the first question I usually ask is:  Does this literally take an act of Congress to fix? Let me say that  again. Does this literally take an act of Congress to fix? In this  case, the answer is yes.   I appreciate, as we testified before the House Natural Resources  Federal Land Subcommittee, the ranking member, Ms. Hanabusa, was  saying, no kidding, in July: ``If it takes an act of Congress to get  this done . . . then that's what we've got to do.''    I am with the ranking member at this point. It is time to finally  take action and get this thing finished. My legislation would formally  and finally complete a long overdue agreement on land that has already  been exchanged at fair market value. The act directs conveyance of the  Federal reversionary interest in Udall Park to the city, as the parties  intended when the land exchange was made. This bill will allow Tucson  to finally take full ownership of the park.   In closing, I want to thank Chairman Bishop, Chairman McClintock, and  the members of the Natural Resources Committee, really, on both sides  of the aisle, for working with me to move this legislation forward.  This has got strong bipartisan support. I look forward to seeing this  issue through and ensuring the land transfer is completed.   