 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 511, the Power And Security Systems, or  PASS, Act. As Chairman Upton said, this bill will provide an important  technical exemption for certain security and life safety products from  energy efficiency standards set forth in the Energy Independence and  Security Act of 2007.   As Mr. Upton said, a provision in the law increased the energy  efficiency requirements for battery chargers and external power  supplies, something which this side of the aisle very strongly  supported. However, the provision also mistakenly included security and  life safety products and required that they be manufactured with a  standby mode despite being products that are inherently always on.   Without providing this correction, the security industry will need to  spend millions of dollars to comply with an energy standard that will  yield no energy savings and could cost jobs, which, of course, was  never the original intent of the law.   I am pleased that my colleagues Representatives Welch and Brooks have  reintroduced the bill, which the House passed last year but the Senate  failed to move before the end of the last Congress.   This is a commonsense and consensus fix to a simple problem. The  language was developed by both industry and efficiency advocates, with  technical assistance from the Department of Energy. It should come as  no surprise that this bill enjoys broad support from the security  industry and energy efficiency advocates. I urge all of my colleagues  to support it.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont  (Mr. Welch).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage  of the bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to echo my support for this  important piece of legislation.   This bill was passed last year on a bipartisan basis on a voice vote,  in fact, but it was never taken up in the other body. This is becoming  kind of a theme today. But, as Mr. Kennedy pointed out, if we can't  move this through Congress in the next few weeks, families and small  businesses may be left with electric bills that they cannot afford. So  what we are really doing today is we are cleaning up some of the  leftover important legislation from the last Congress that really needs  to pass.   Mr. Upton and I worked hard, along with Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Welch and  many other Members, on the 21st Century Cures bill last Congress. It  was one of the last bills we passed on a bipartisan basis. I am happy  that the Energy and Commerce Committee is getting a running start today  in passing some of our key bipartisan legislation from last Congress,  and I am hoping that this will be a bellwether for the rest of this  Congress that we will continue in the grand tradition of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. And I  hope that the Senate will work quickly so that we can send this  important bill to the President's desk and we can stop those  unanticipated rate increases.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 590, the Advanced  Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2017, introduced by  Representatives Latta and McNerney.   This bill would enhance coordination between the Nuclear Regulatory  Commission and the Department of Energy by requiring them to enter into  a memorandum of understanding on issues related to advanced nuclear  reactor technology.   This is a worthy goal, as the chairman said, and is a commonsense way  for the Federal Government to support the advanced nuclear power  industry. Advanced nuclear technologies have the potential to generate  power more safely and with less nuclear waste, which is why I believe  the Federal Government should be supporting advancements in nuclear  technology.   The bill also requires NRC to develop an advanced reactor regulatory  framework to evaluate options to expedite advanced reactor licensing  and to make it more predictable. NRC would have 1 year from the date of  enactment to submit this plan to Congress. In developing the plan, NRC  must also seek input from interested stakeholders, which I believe to  be a crucial part of this process.   Nuclear energy must play a continued role in our country's clean  energy future to enable us to reach our goals set forth in the Paris  climate agreement. I believe the Advanced Nuclear Technology  Development Act will enable the Federal Government to more efficiently  evaluate and support these promising nuclear technologies, which can  put us on a path towards greater reductions in carbon emissions.   I commend both Representatives Latta and McNerney for introducing  this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I don't believe we have any further speakers on this, so  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today to urge the passage of H.R. 518, the EPS Improvement  Act.   Last session of Congress, I cosponsored this bill with our former  colleague Congresswoman Ellmers, and this year, Representatives  Guthrie, Matsui, and Dent are joining me in this effort to strengthen  the standards used to keep LED lighting safe and efficient.   By ensuring that our country's energy conservation standards are up  to date with the latest developments in high-tech lighting, we can  remove obstacles to innovation without sacrificing safety. And as we  heard from the chairman, if there has ever been a bill in Congress that  was vetted, it was this one.   We have been working on this bill for some years now, and, frankly,  what it is doing is it is truly addressing unintended consequences that  happened due to the Energy Policy Act of 2005. That act defined  external power supplies in a way that just simply did not anticipate  the rapid growth and use of LED and OLED light sources during the  decade that followed.   Now, these lights are really energy efficient. They are up to 80  percent more efficient than traditional lights like fluorescent and  incandescent lights, and 90 percent of the energy in LEDs is committed  to illumination, while only 5 percent is heat; so it is no wonder they  have become so popular in the last 10 years. Unfortunately, in the 2005  act, the standards did not allow for these types of lighting as their  use continues to constitute an ever-growing share of our energy  consumption.   What this bill does is it clarifies the definition of ``external  power supplies'' and it amends the conditions under which the Energy  Department can undertake a rulemaking process in the future. The bill  will facilitate the continued growth of LED lighting, and it will help  lower energy prices for businesses and households both in my home State  of Colorado and across America.   Clean energy truly is the future. It can be safe, efficient, and  affordable for all when it is properly regulated, and that is exactly  what this legislation does.   I urge everybody to support this act, and I hope that the Senate will  pass it this year. We are getting a good, early start.   Mr. Speaker, I have no one else to speak on this bill, so I yield  back the balance of my time.   