 Mr. President, today I wish to join in a colloquy with  the majority leader to address concerns that I have with the tax reform  legislation that we are considering and to thank him for the many  discussions that we have had over the past months about this bill.   I have made clear that I don't think that the repeal of the  individual mandate should have been included in the tax bill. Rather, I  would prefer to see the mandate issue and the other flaws in the ACA  addressed through a series of discrete bills that can be thoughtfully  targeted to correct specific problems. That said, I have long-supported  the repeal of the so-called individual mandate because I do not believe  that the Federal Government should force any American to buy healthcare  coverage he or she either does not want or cannot afford. Eighty  percent of the people who pay the penalty imposed by the mandate make  less than $50,000 a year.   Nevertheless, it appears very likely that the individual mandate  repeal will be part of this legislation. Unless we take action, that  repeal will almost certainly lead to further increases in the cost of  health insurance premiums--premiums that are already too expensive  under the ACA. Therefore, I believe that it is imperative that Congress  take action to mitigate this likely premium increase.   There are two steps we can take to help remedy this situation. First,  we need to pass the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2017,  legislation authored by HELP Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member  Murray. This legislation will not only give States critical flexibility  to better manage their insurance markets, but will also provide funding  in 2019 and 2020 for cost-sharing reductions received by low-income  enrollees in the ACA exchanges.   Mr. McCONNELL. From its inception, I have opposed the individual  mandate because it is simply wrong for the Federal Government to  require someone to purchase a particular product, particularly one they  do not want and cannot afford. I agree that Alexander-Murray can help  provide certainty and flexibility for State insurance markets in the  absence of the mandate and will support passage of the Bipartisan  Health Care Stabilization Act, ideally prior to the adoption of any  final tax reform conference agreement and certainly before the end of  this year.    I thank the majority leader for his response. Second, it  is critical that we provide States with the support they need to create  State-based high-risk pools for their individual health insurance  markets. In September, I introduced the bipartisan Lower Premiums  Through Reinsurance Act of 2017, a bill that would allow States to  protect people with preexisting conditions while lowering premiums  through the use of these high-risk pools. That bill would create a menu  of options States could use to design reinsurance programs, which in  turn would be eligible for Federal ``seed money'' grants that could  leverage section 1332 ``flow-through'' funding to finance the programs.  States may also add funds from other sources to the mix.   We know from the experience of Alaska and Maine just how effective  such high-risk pools can be. Alaska's pool reduced a projected 40  percent rate increase to just 7 percent this year and is expected to  contribute to a 20-percent decline in premiums next year. Maine saw  similar results in its program, the Maine Guaranteed Access Reinsurance  Association.   I believe that passage of legislation to create and provide $5  billion in funding for high-risk pools annually over 2 years, together  with the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act, is critical for  helping to offset the impact on individual market premiums in 2019 and  2020 due to repeal of the individual mandate.   Mr. McCONNELL. I believe that State high-risk pools are a much better  alternative to Federal mandates. I will also support passage of your  bill and this funding to create high-risk pools, ideally prior to the  adoption of any final tax reform conference agreement and certainly  before the end of this year.    I thank the majority leader   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Cardin  motion to commit.    I thank the majority leader   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Cardin  motion to commit.   