 I thank Mr. Veasey so much, and I thank our new chair of  the Congressional Black Caucus for his tremendous effort in putting  this very important Special Order hour together.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening because I am extremely concerned  about the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions.   Certainly, President-elect Trump has a right to nominate people and  have them be presented before our Senate, and, certainly, you don't  expect a Republican to necessarily agree with all of your positions;  but I am concerned about Senator Sessions because I think he has  aligned himself with extreme ideological views that won't best serve  all of the people of the United States.   During the last 7 years, the Department of Justice has investigated  at least 23 law enforcement agencies in response to rampant civil  rights abuses. I fear that, under an Attorney General Jeff Sessions,  those consent decrees and that very important work in resolving the  conflicts between, particularly, African American communities and  police officers will be lost.   I am extremely concerned, as are at least 70 civil rights  organizations and organizations that serve women, with an Attorney  General Jeff Sessions. They are concerned about not just the anti- abortion views that Senator Sessions has displayed, but about the  zealous anti-choice positions that he has taken--his association and  alignment, again, with extreme anti-abortion organizations. They  believe that he is not capable of fair and impartial action as Attorney  General.   What is so chilling, as an example, is when Senator Sessions was  asked about President-elect Trump's Access Hollywood scandal in that he  said he didn't characterize the grabbing of a woman's genitals as  necessarily a sexual assault. Very, very chilling and disturbing.   In being from Wisconsin, where we have fought egregious and unfair  voter ID laws that were designed to disenfranchise, particularly,  African Americans, Mr. Sessions has indicated that the gutting of the  Voting Rights Act has actually had no impact and that no one has been  denied the right to vote. He seems to be tone deaf to the cries of  African Americans across this country to protect their voting rights.   I encourage the Senate to look very carefully at this nominee,  because, in fact, the United States Attorney General's only charge is  to protect the civil rights of all of the citizens. I don't know that  he will be willing or able to do that.   