 Mr. Speaker, one thing is clear about the  GOP tax scam: corporate interests get a huge giveaway. They get a  windfall tax break. Who pays for it? The middle class. Who wins?  Corporations, billionaires, millionaires, the Trump family. Who loses?  Women, families, seniors, teachers, students.   As a former Los Angeles Community College teacher of 20 years, I  can't believe what Republicans are doing to students. They rip away  critical benefits that help our students pay for their college  education. They eliminate the student loan interest deductions and  choose to tax graduate students on money they have never even received  by taxing the tuition assistance they get for working for their  schools.   This bill even pinches students when they are still in elementary  school by taxing their teachers who claim a deduction for the school  supplies they pay for out of their own paycheck. One teacher in my area  even pays for the ink in her classroom printer. They don't ask to be  repaid, just to be able to deduct the expense.   If corporations get to keep this deduction, why not our teachers? And  then if that is not cruel enough, they eliminate the deduction for  extraordinary medical expenses for those with Alzheimer's and cancer.  And this week we learn that Republicans plan to pay for these corporate  cuts by causing 13 million people to lose their health insurance, a  move that will increase premiums by 10 percent and result in  individuals with preexisting conditions losing access to lifesaving  affordable coverage.   Then Republicans eliminate the State and local ta deduction, which is  used by over 6 million California households, to prevent their hard- earned dollars from being taxed twice. Of all the States, Californians  will actually face the largest net tax increase  [[Page H9395]]  from this bill of $12.1 billion in 2027 alone.    California Republicans who vote for this bill ought to be ashamed of  themselves, and the voters need to hold them accountable. Thirty-six  million middle class families will be stuck holding the bag under this  plan. For what? For tax cuts for corporate interests. This is  unacceptable.   