 Mr. President, I am honored to be here today with  Senator Heitkamp, from North Dakota--my friend from across the border,  the prairies--and also Senator Shaheen, from the Granite State. I don't  think it is a coincidence that the three of us are here today. We have  worked on a number of bipartisan issues over the years.   As I was sitting here, I was remembering when Senator Collins stood  during the government shutdown and asked for people who would be  interested in working with her on a bipartisan plan to get ourselves  out of that mess. And all three of us were involved in that effort,  which was, I note, half women in the group. I think it is time to do  that again when it comes to healthcare.   I appreciated it when last week Senator McConnell said it may be time  to work to strengthen the exchanges and to work across the aisle. Like  Senator Shaheen, I didn't see it as a last option, I saw it as a first  option.   I certainly appreciate the work my colleagues have done to propose  some smart ideas that could help us improve the Affordable Care Act,  including the Marketplace Certainty Act. When I talked with our small  businesses and our citizens in Minnesota, they want that kind of  certainty to help with cost sharing.   The idea of doing something more with reinsurance, which we just  passed on a State basis in Minnesota with a Republican legislature and  a Democratic Governor--we are awaiting a waiver from Health and Human  Services here in Washington. We think we should do it in a bigger way  on a national level, so I also support the Kaine-Carper bill.   The work that I have been doing on prescription drugs--much of it  across the aisle with Senator Grassley--to stop this unprecedented  practice of big pharmaceutical companies paying off generics to keep  their products off the market--it would save billions of dollars for  our taxpayers if they stopped that practice.   Unleash the power of 41 million seniors who are currently barred from  negotiating for less expensive drug prices. Bring in less expensive  drugs from Canada--a bill that I have with Senator McCain. There is  nothing in this new proposal we have seen today that would help in any  way with prescription drug prices, and that is just wrong.   That is why we are here to welcome our colleagues to work with us on  some improvements in a bipartisan way to this bill, because the bill we  saw this morning would again not do anything--minor tweaks but nothing  about these major Medicaid cuts that have brought so many people  together against this bill.   Minnesota seniors organizations have said that these proposals we are  seeing that are not bipartisan--it feels like we are pulling the rug  out from underneath families and seniors. That is why we have seen AARP  so strongly opposed to a number of the proposals that have been  circulating around with no Democratic input.   Many, many people have come up to us across our States. I was in  northern Minnesota over the Fourth of July and was there among the Lawn  Chair Brigade in one of my favorite units in the Ely parade and the  clowns and the Shriners and everything else in the five parades that I  did. I was so surprised, as I know my colleagues were, at the number of  people who came up--especially parents of kids with disabilities--in  front of a whole crowd on the side of the road and said: This is my  child. He needs Medicaid. He needs help. We need you to stand with us.   So it is about people like that mom with that child with Down  syndrome who needs Medicaid. It is about the senior who knows they are  going to need nursing home help. Thirty-two percent of our seniors use  Medicaid funding for their nursing home help. A woman told me about her  mom, who died 2 years ago at 95 after suffering from dementia for more  than 20 years. She had worked her whole life, but she couldn't afford  that nursing home and needed that help. It is about our seniors, who  don't want to see the age tax. It is about our rural hospitals that  know how important it is to have healthcare not an hour away but 15  minutes away. That is what we are talking about.   So we would welcome any efforts to work on these commonsense bills we  have out there, many of which have had Republican support in the past.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   