 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to express my strong support for  the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be the next Secretary of  Veterans Affairs. I believe his impressive record of service in both  the public and private health care sectors as well as his firm grasp of  VA health care issues make him extraordinarily well qualified to lead  the Department through the coming period of major reforms and  continuing transformation.   Dr. Shulkin has served in numerous executive roles at hospitals  across the country, including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York  City, the University of Pennsylvania Health System, and the Atlantic  Rehabilitation Institute. In fact, he has been named one of the top 100  Physician Leaders of Hospitals and Health Systems and one of the 50  Most Influential Physician Executives in the country.   In 2015, Dr. Shulkin brought his extensive experience in the private  sector to the Department of Veterans Affairs and served as the VA Under  Secretary for Health. Last year, I had the opportunity to host Dr.  Shulkin in my hometown of Caribou, ME, as he toured the community-based  outpatient clinic and our local hospital, Cary Medical Center, to see  the innovative work being done there to provide veterans with top- quality health care closer to where they live.   Cary Medical Center partners with the VA through the Access Received  Closer to Home or ARCH Program to provide veterans in Northern Maine  with high-quality care, including specialty care close to home and  close to their families, rather than forcing them to drive 250 or more  miles to receive their care at the Togus VA Medical Center in Augusta,  the location of Maine's only VA hospital.   This partnership between Cary Medical Center and the VA has been a  huge success, with an approval rating from our veterans exceeding 90  percent. Last spring, when we were faced with the potential expiration  of the ARCH Program, Dr. Shulkin, at my invitation, came to Maine and  announced his commitment to ensure that veterans using this innovative  program in our State would maintain seamless community care. He has  kept his word.   During his visit to Maine, Dr. Shulkin also toured the Togus VA  Medical Center, the oldest VA facility in the Nation and the community- based outpatient clinic in Bangor. I would note that he drove the 4  hours from Augusta, where the VA hospital is located, to Caribou to get  a better sense of the distances in our State. Right now, when we are in  the midst of a fierce blizzard, you can imagine how important it is for  veterans in need of care to be able to access that care close to home  in an emergency.   I was truly impressed, and remain truly impressed, with Dr. Shulkin's  understanding of the needs of rural veterans and the challenges of  providing health care in rural settings. While in Maine, Dr. Shulkin  listened to veterans health care providers, VSO advocates, and the VA  staff alike to ensure that our veterans received the care they  [[Page S1099]]  have earned through their service to our Nation.   In fact, he remained in Caribou and had a town meeting in which he  heard from people representing a variety of views but all of whom  encouraged him to continue this wonderful program. Dr. Shulkin's  nomination to be VA Secretary has drawn support from our veterans  service organizations throughout the country, including the American  Legion, the VFW, the Disabled American Veterans, the Paralyzed Veterans  of America, AMVETS, and the Vietnam Veterans of America.   That does not surprise me because he has demonstrated, in very  concrete ways, his commitment to the veterans we are serving. At a time  when bipartisan consensus, unfortunately, has been all too rare in this  Chamber, Dr. Shulkin's nomination has been one of the few areas where  Republicans and Democrats have found common ground. His nomination was  approved unanimously by the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee.   During this time, when crucial reforms and organizational changes are  necessary to ensure consistent, high-quality care for our Nation's  veterans, it is critical that the VA have a talented, experienced, and  committed leader to spearhead the Department's transformation as we  seek to improve the quality and timeliness of health care for our  veterans.   Dr. Shulkin is an excellent nominee and I urge all of my colleagues  to support his confirmation.   Seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absent of a quorum.   