 Mr. Speaker, the 2016  presidential election was an exceptionally bitter fight between  Republicans and Democrats. The election highlighted many of the  existing divides between many Americans and the underlying frustrations  that we have been wrestling with as a people. Couple this with the  resentful partisanship that we have experienced in Congress, and it is  quite clear that there are deep rifts dividing our country. However,  one of the biggest consequences of this partisan bickering and  inability to compromise has been the increase in the frequency of hate  crimes across America.   The latest figures from the Southern Poverty Law Center estimate that  there have been nearly 1,372 bias incidents between the day after the  election and February 7, when these statistics were last reported. SPLC  is collecting self-reported data from across the country in an effort  to monitor ``bias incidents''--or acts of hostility that are motivated  by racism or other prejudices--across the United States. While it is  important to acknowledge the limitations of self-reported data, this  trend is consistent with several other incidents reported nationwide  that have challenged the notion that we are living in a post-racial  society.   For example, several nooses were found throughout our nation's  capital this month--one near an elementary school, another in the  African American Museum of History and Culture, and on American  University's campus. On June 2, a Muslim couple was allegedly harassed  in Oregon and told to go back to their country. More prominently, two  men in Portland were stabbed to death and another wounded when they  tried to intervene on behalf of two women, one of whom was wearing a  hijab, who were being verbally assaulted by a man yelling slurs.   Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the horrendous incidents being  reported in the wake of this election and the hateful rhetoric that has  come to define the political narrative. However, I am here to join my  colleagues not only to denounce these actions and hateful words, but  also to remind ourselves that we are better than this. We are better  than this as a people and a nation, and we must all do our part to  discourage this behavior and hold these violators accountable. Until we  all take active roles within our society and democracy, we cannot  reasonably expect our society to overcome these challenges and emerge a  stronger society. I am proud to join my colleagues tonight in sending a  clear message that these acts of hatred and violence will not be  tolerated. Not today, not ever.   