 Let me thank Representative Veasey for hosting this  important discussion on President-elect Trump's disturbing nomination  and for the gentleman's commitment to defend civil and human rights for  all Americans. Now, more than ever, the voices of the CBC's are so  important in this fight.   I would also like to recognize our new chair, Cedric Richmond, as he  takes the helm of the CBC during these very challenging times; but I  know that, under his leadership, our caucus will continue to fight in a  very strong and aggressive way for equality and justice.   The President-elect, Mr. Speaker, ran one of the most divisive and  racially tinged campaigns we have witnessed in modern history. Since  winning the Presidency, President-elect Donald Trump has nominated  individuals to serve in his Cabinet, proving that he will govern just  as he campaigned. There is no greater example of this disturbing  reality than in Senator Jeff Sessions' nomination to serve as our  country's Attorney General. The Justice Department is our best tool in  protecting civil and human rights and voting rights. By appointing  Senator Sessions to lead this department, President-elect Donald Trump  is making it clear that he will abandon these fundamental values.   Senator Sessions has a long history of opposing civil rights and  equality. He has called the Voting Rights Act a piece of intrusive  legislation. He said that the Supreme Court's disastrous decision to  gut voting rights was good news for the South. In the 1980s, he was  rejected from serving as a Federal judge due to his blatantly racist  comments.   Any one of these statements should be disqualifying. In the proposed,  bigoted Trump administration, frankly, I am not surprised; but I am  appalled that the President-elect would choose such an extreme and  divisive figure to serve as Attorney General. Clearly, someone who has  publicly displayed prejudice and intolerance is not qualified to serve  as our chief law enforcement officer for our civil rights laws.   By that standard alone, one thing is clear: Senator Sessions is  wholly unfit to serve as Attorney General. Senator Sessions has  forcefully degraded the LGBT community, has voted against the Violence  Against Women Act, and has undermined the cornerstone of the civil  rights movement and the Voting Rights Act. His nomination really is a  chilling indication of how a Trump administration intends to govern.  This country has made tremendous progress in the fight to protect,  preserve, and expand civil rights for all Americans. We will not allow  a Trump administration to drag us back into the past.   As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus is  a voice for the marginalized. Our message to the Trump administration  and to President-elect Donald Trump is simple: A vote to confirm  Senator Jeff Sessions is a vote against justice. We will fight to  protect any rollback on civil or human rights. We will not be silent.   I call on all of my colleagues to oppose Senator Sessions' nomination  as the United States Attorney General because his history disqualifies  him for this important position.   