 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, Congress and our country desperately  need to have an honest, meaningful, transparent, and bipartisan  conversation about improving our healthcare system. It shouldn't be a  tall order, but around here things that seem common sense to the rest  of the country are never simple. Instead, partisanship too often wins.  We have seen that with the Senate Republican healthcare bill, as it was  crafted behind closed doors without allowing any Democrats or the  public to see it until it was a proposal.   It is good news that a vote on the bill was delayed, but we must  continue to have this conversation as the debate continues. That bill  was bad for North Dakota. Only when we seek real bipartisan solutions  do I believe we will be successful in improving our healthcare system.   We need to reform our healthcare system. I have been saying it for  years. In fact, I have proposed a number of fixes over the past 3\1/2\  years, but none of those fixes are embodied in the Republican  healthcare bill. It is just not the right direction.   Just yesterday, I joined many of my colleagues to bring up some  commonsense bills we can and should take up right now to make sure  American families aren't hurt in the near term. We called on  Republicans to work with us, but, unfortunately, they objected. I want  to work in a bipartisan way. I want real healthcare reform. But,  unfortunately, I do not believe everyone in Congress feels that way.   First, we need to talk about the facts of the Senate Republican  bill--facts that are from very reputable nonpartisan sources.   Earlier this week, the Congressional Budget Office issued a report  reinforcing that the Senate Republican bill is just as terrible as the  bill that came out of the House of Representatives a  [[Page S3843]]  few months ago. The Senate bill would rip away health insurance from 22  million Americans by 2026, including 31,000 North Dakotans who would  lose private health coverage. You can't put a few bandaids on a bad  bill and expect that North Dakota would not feel that pain.   Just as in the House bill, the biggest savings would come from severe  cuts to Medicaid--a program that would see a 26-percent cut in 2026.  The bill would slash a lifesaving program that 90,000 North Dakota  children, individuals with disabilities, seniors, and low-income  families rely on for affordable, quality care. That includes 36,000  children in my State.   The Senate Republican healthcare bill would get rid of the Medicaid  expansion and cap the amount of Federal funding States can get to cover  those traditional Medicaid patients. That would drastically reduce the  amount of Medicaid funds going to the States. This would push those  remaining costs onto States and counties that can't afford it.  Importantly, it also would push the cost onto other patients. The  American Hospital Association estimates that North Dakota Medicaid  would lose $1.2 billion through 2026. At the same time, North Dakota  forecasts a $46 million shortfall for 2015 through 2017--that is our  biennial period--and another $103 million shortfall for 2017 through  2018. You tell me how our State would pick up these extra costs for our  families and our children. Unfortunately, we just will not be able to  do it. We would be forced to discontinue care. That is just wrong.   Those Medicaid cuts would also imperil rural hospitals, which have  seen their amount of bad debt fall by 45 percent because of Medicaid  expansion. Helping those rural hospitals keep their doors open and  deliver care close to home for farmers, ranchers, and communities is  absolutely vital to rural development and vital to those people who are  still working in rural America to put food on our table.   Additionally, the North Dakota Hospital Association released a study  showing that healthcare and social assistance accounts for one of every  seven workers in this State. I am going to repeat that: Healthcare and  social assistance accounts for one of every seven workers in our State.  Spending reductions under this Senate bill would curtail those jobs,  hurt economic development--especially in rural communities--and make  delivery of healthcare even more expensive for our rural families.   The cuts to Medicaid would take away coverage from many North  Dakotans who are also seeking treatment for opioid abuse and addiction,  which has reached an epidemic level in our State, as well as across the  Nation. In fact, I had one North Dakota healthcare provider who was  looking at providing additional behavior and mental health services. In  the traditional hospital setting, about 14 to 15 percent of the  patients are on Medicaid. He believes that once this hospital opens,  anywhere from 60 to 70 percent of the patients will be dependent on  Medicaid funding for their healthcare. If that money is not there, if  there is no reliability about that money, how do we build the treatment  services we need to attack this epidemic?    I want to dispel a myth about Medicaid, and that is that these are  just people who can go to work every day, that they are not even  working, that they are just on the public dole, and that they are just  getting this money. The truth is that in North Dakota 83 percent of  adult Medicaid enrollees are in families with a worker. That is a  statistic according to the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation.   For North Dakotans who get coverage on the individual marketplace,  this bill would raise premiums 76 percent higher than what would be  required to be paid under the current law. That statistic, again, is  according to Kaiser Family Foundation. Seniors would be especially hard  hit, with premiums more than doubling for those older than 55. The bill  would disproportionately push the costs on to older Americans, who tend  to live in rural communities, like all of those across North Dakota.   Under the Senate bill, in 2026 a 64-year-old with an income of  $56,800 would pay annually $20,500 for a silver-level healthcare  insurance plan. That is more than one-third of his or her entire  income, and that is more than eight times what the same person would  pay under the current law, which is $6,800.   The bill would also enable insurance companies to impose lifetime  maximums on coverage, once again, making it unaffordable for many  people with life-threatening or long-term illnesses or disorders to get  the treatment they need to live by.   This bill is a not so thinly veiled attempt to provide tax cuts for  the wealthiest individuals at the expense of rural communities, like  those across our State. Nearly 45 percent of the tax cuts in the Senate  bill would go to the top 1 percent of incomes, those people making over  $875,000 a year. I will say that again. Nearly 45 percent of the tax  cuts in the Senate bill would go to the top 1 percent of incomes, those  making over $875,000 a year, according to the Tax Policy Center.   But what is more telling about these striking statistics is the  stories. I have heard from so many North Dakotans about how scared they  are that this bill could pass and how it would hurt them if it ever  happened. I have heard from North Dakotans with preexisting conditions,  like cancer or asthma, parents of children with disabilities on  Medicaid, adults with elderly patients in nursing homes, farmers and  those in rural communities who rely on rural hospitals, and those  receiving treatment for opioid abuse.   The consequences of this bill for North Dakotans are real. I want to  tell some of those very real stories across my State, because way too  often we forget this is an issue that could not be more personal.   I want to introduce you to Allison and Jennifer Restemayer. This is  her wonderful family. This is Allison here. Allison, from West Fargo,  was almost 2 years old when she was diagnosed with a rare genetic  disease. Allison's parents were told she would become severely mentally  delayed by age 3, and she would likely pass away by the time she was 10  years old. I am so proud to tell you and so glad to tell you that this  prediction did not come true.   Over the past several years, Allison has been able to get new, very  expensive therapy that helps slow the progression of her disorder.  Because there are currently no lifetime limits on coverage, Allison's  family has been able to afford this treatment. Today, Allison is 16  years old. Allison needs physical therapy multiple times per week to  truly make a difference in her life day to day and to help her live  longer. Her private insurance covers just 12 physical therapy  appointments per year. Allison is one of many children with  disabilities or special needs on Medicaid, which covers the rest of her  physical therapy.   For her and her family--you can see them here--who are so proud of  the courage of Allison, it has been a lifeline, and it has been a  lifegiver. But the Republican bill would enable insurance companies to  impose lifetime maximums on coverage, which many North Dakotans, like  Allison, would reach in no time. It would slash Medicaid--both  expansion and traditional Medicaid--making it harder for families like  Allison's to afford coverage and critical treatment for their children  with special needs. The Restemayers should never ever have to worry.    I have spent a lot of time with Allison, and I think anyone who meets  her knows that this world is a much better place with Allison healthy  and alive. We are so proud to call her one of our friends. She has been  an inspiration to me and my staff. She has participated in a lot of  dialogues, and her advocacy has been absolutely instrumental in telling  the story of families like hers in North Dakota.   I want to talk about Emerie and Amy Thom. At just 2 months old,  Emerie, from Bismarck, had her first set of seizures and was diagnosed  with a rare neurological condition. Her parents, Amy and Johnny, have  crisscrossed North Dakota and visited many hospitals out of State to  get Emerie the care she needs and to control her life-threatening  seizures.   Emerie is now almost 4 years old and has spent a total of 8 weeks in  the hospital since she was born. She receives therapy multiple times  per week and needs various medical equipment. Just 1 month of therapy  out-of-pocket would cost her family--good, hard-working people--$3,000.  Emerie is on  [[Page S3844]]  Medicaid, which has enabled her family to afford her hospital stays,  her home healthcare, and her therapy. It has also enabled them to keep  their daughter home with them in a loving family relationship, in a  lovely family situation.   It is because of the access to Medicaid that this family has been  able to stay in their home and keep their jobs, but the Senate  Republican healthcare bill would rip Medicaid away from families like  Emerie's. This family does not deserve that, and neither does any  family who is working hard to take care of their children. These are  all of our children, the children we see today who suffer from  disabilities, who live and inspire us with their disabilities and their  hope. This small help these families ask for from the Medicaid system  should not be threatened, and these families should not be calling  congressional offices begging us to please, please do everything we  can.   Finally, I want to talk about Frances. Frances is one of the nicest  people you are ever going to meet. For 25 years, she was a third grade  teacher in Fessenden. When she was 21 years old, while she was  teaching, she was diagnosed with a syndrome that affects the nerve  endings in her body. She became paralyzed but taught herself to walk  again. For the rest of her life, she will have to face the challenges  that come with this disorder. Today, Fran can't walk anymore, and she  has been in a wheelchair for the past 24 years.   For most of her life, Fran lived independently with her husband, who  passed away in 2000. In the past few years, she has reached a point  where she needs full-time care. She is now 84 years old. She lives in a  nursing home in Harvey, and she has been there for 4 years. Fran had  been in and out of nursing homes a few times beforehand, all which  required private pay. Because of the extreme costs, Fran doesn't have  any money or savings left. She spent it all on her healthcare.   Now she is one of many seniors on Medicaid, which enables her to  afford the quality, long-term care she needs to live with dignity and  support. At the nursing home, she gets extensive assistance with  bathing, dressing, and doing any activities. Fran doesn't know what she  would do without Medicaid. She doesn't have any children to help her.  Her siblings are all older than she is, and they wouldn't be able to  provide her with the level of care she needs. If it weren't for  Medicaid, Fran would be out of options.   The Senate Republican bill threatens the coverage that Fran has and  that so many others rely on. You know what, we cannot let that happen.   This issue has many faces. These are just three North Dakota faces I  want to talk to you about. These families aren't interested in  politics. They couldn't care less about politics. They want the ability  to take care of themselves. There is no guilt to any of these  conditions. There is no ``you did it to yourself'' to any of these  conditions. This is the human condition.   We have to decide as a country, are we together in taking care of  each other, or are we all on our own? That is the issue. How do we take  care of the sickest among us? Are we together, or are we on our own? I  believe we are stronger when we stand together to provide care to each  other and to those who are not as fortunate.   I was talking to some of the families. It is hard when you are a mom,  I think, to think about, well, what was your life with your child  growing up? I had two children, born extraordinarily healthy. They  barely missed a day of school, they were so healthy. They had an  opportunity to engage in every level of activity, giving me and my  husband the freedom to pursue other things in our lives. That is a  gift. It is also a gift that we as a society can help those who don't  have that level of good fortune but have children who need some special  attention, children whose care you cannot afford on your own.   From the discussions I have had with so many of the families, very  few of us could ever afford the medications and the therapies that  guarantee quality of life not only for the child but for the family in  terms of respite care.   Allison, Emerie, and Fran, we are going to keep talking about this,  and we are going to keep evaluating all of the proposals that come our  way. When they don't do right by you, Emerie, Allison, and Fran, when  it is not the right solution for your family, it is not the right  solution for North Dakota, and it is not the right solution for this  country. We have work to do.   I know the Presiding Officer has been one of the leaders in analyzing  and reviewing these bills. We have had a chance to have some  discussions. I hope we will have further discussions about how we can  continue to care for these wonderful North Dakotans.   The Presiding Officer knows story after story, having been a  physician. Being a physician, my husband can tell you story after story  about people who are challenged. In this system of healthcare, we all  have to decide whether we stand alone or together. I believe America is  stronger when we stand together and help each other.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   