 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday President Trump issued an  Executive order that undermined the protection of dozens of our  national monuments that were established over the past two decades by  three different Presidents. In continuing his administration's war on  our public lands, President Trump and Secretary of the Interior Zinke  have attacked one of our Nation's most prized conservation laws--the  Antiquities Act, which gives the President the authority to protect our  nationally important lands and waters on Federal land by designating  them as national monuments.   In the 111 years since the Antiquities Act was signed into law by  President Teddy Roosevelt, 16 Presidents--8 Republicans and 8  Democrats--have used the law's authority to designate over 150 national  monuments. President Trump is trying to undo over 100 years of  conservation in just a few days.   Many of our Nation's iconic national parks were first protected by  using the authority of the Antiquities Act, including the Grand Canyon,  Acadia, Glacier Bay, Joshua Tree, Zion, and in my home State of  Washington, Mount Olympus National Monument, which later became Olympic  National Park.   No doubt Presidents of both parties have used the Antiquities Act to  preserve the most beautiful places in our country. However, President  Trump appears to be very uninformed on the history or the importance of  the Antiquities Act. In his remarks signing the Executive order  yesterday, he described the designation of national monuments as an  ``egregious use of federal power'' and vowed he would ``give that power  back to the States.'' He truly does not understand the Antiquities Act,  nor does he appreciate the bold leadership of all of those Presidents,  both Democrats and Republicans, over a period of time--eight  Republicans and eight Democrats--who have used this authority in an  appropriate way to preserve for all Americans in the future and those  in the past who have enjoyed these beautiful places--and to preserve  our access to public lands.   I can't tell you how important access to public lands is for  schoolchildren, our returning veterans, our families, hunters,  fishermen, and hikers. Putting the Antiquities Act and the millions of  acres of national monuments that have been protected back into the  hands of a few who are more aligned with special interests to try to  open these areas up to oil and gas exploration is the antithesis of  what the Antiquities Act is all about.   We plan to continue to emphasize how wrong the President's Executive  order is.   First and foremost, in the Executive order, the President directed  the Secretary of the Interior to review the designation or expansion of  national monuments under the Antiquities Act where the Secretary deems  that the designation or expansion was made without adequate public  comment or coordination with relevant stakeholders. That literally  gives the Secretary of the Interior broad authority to look at all the  land that has previously been designated since 1996 and potentially  open it up to saying they are going to try to reverse that.   There have been many discussions about the last 20 years of the  designation of some unbelievable, beautiful places in America that are  so special--the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in Utah,  which is 1.7 million acres; the Grand Canyon-Parashant National  Monument in Arizona; the Giant Sequoia National Monument in California;  the Canyon of Ancients National Monument in Colorado--I know my  colleague Senator Bennet from Colorado was speaking about it earlier;  Hanford Reach National Monument in Washington, which covers 195,000  acres; the Ironwood Forest National Monument in Arizona; the Vermilion  Cliffs National Monument in Arizona; the Carrizo Plain National  Monument in California; the Sonoran Desert National Monument in  Arizona; the Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument in Montana;  the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument in New Mexico, on which my  colleague Senator Heinrich worked so hard; the Organ Mountains-Desert  Peaks National Monument, also in New Mexico; the San Gabriel Mountains  National Monument in California; the Berryessa Snow Mountain National  Monument in California; the Basin and Range National Monument in  Nevada; the Mojave Trails National Monument in California; the Sand to  Snow National Monument in California; Bears Ears, as I have mentioned,  in Utah; and the Gold Butte National Monument in Nevada. That sounds  like a lot of designations that we have made over the last 20 years.  Presidents were very judicious about those designations. It took a lot  of public comment, many community meetings, and a lot of scientific  analysis about the preservation of these areas. The end result is that  for these generations and future generations, national monuments have  been designated on public lands that are in our national interests.   This has been so important to us as a nation. As I said, places like  the Grand Canyon, Olympic National Park in my State--many places have  created what has become an outdoor recreation economy. That outdoor  recreation economy is now over $800 billion of annual revenue and  dwarfs what the oil and gas industry represents as an economy of the  future. In fact, this industry sector is on par to compete with  [[Page S2581]]  other large sectors of our economy--the financial service sector and  the healthcare sector. So why are we taking away the very tool that has  launched so much outdoor activity and a burgeoning job economy, with 7  million outdoor industry workers? Why are we taking away national  monument designations that have been the priority of past Presidents  and trying to return them because someone doesn't understand what the  Antiquities Act is all about?   In addition to those large monuments that I just mentioned, also  under review will be a group of other monuments that are marine  national monuments. Yes, according to the definition I mentioned  earlier, Secretary Zinke could review all of these monuments. In fact,  I noticed that there were several people at the President's signing who  represented some of these monuments. I don't know if they are urging  the President to remove their areas, but it raises great concern about  how important these marine monuments have been.   There is the Papahanaumokuakea marine national monument in the  Hawaiian islands that was established in 2006; the World War II Valor  in the Pacific National Monument, also in Hawaii; the Rose Atoll  National Monument in American Samoa; the Pacific Remote Islands  National Monument in Hawaii; the Marianas Trench National Monument in  the Mariana Islands; and the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine  National Monument in the Atlantic.   In addition to all of those maritime national monuments of grand  scale, these also under consideration are an additional two dozen or  so--I think it looks like 25--smaller national monuments that could  also be reviewed by the Secretary of the Interior. Even though they  were designated with this Presidential authority, in previous  administrations after great review, they could, by this President and  this Interior Secretary, be wiped away very quickly.   We definitely do not believe the President has this legal authority,  and we will pursue a vigorous fight. Why should we be wasting  taxpayers' money when taxpayers' money was already spent to make these  designations, and the taxpayer is getting the huge economic benefit of  having these outdoor areas?   What else could be on the President's list according to this  Executive order? The California Coastal National Monument; Cascade- Siskiyou National Monument; President Lincoln and Soldier's Home  National Monument in Washington, DC; Kasha-Katuwe Tent Rocks National  Monument in New Mexico; Minidoka National Historic Site in Idaho;  Pompeys Pillar National Monument in Montana; Virgin Islands Coral Reef  National Monument; Governors Island National Monument in New York; the  African Burial Ground National Monument in New York; Fort Monroe  National Monument in Virginia; Fort Ord National Monument in  California; Chimney Rock National Monument in Colorado; the Cesar  Chavez National Monument in California; San Juan Islands National  Monument in the State of Washington; the Harriet Tubman Underground  Railroad National Monument; the First State National Historic Park in  Delaware; the Charles Young Buffalo Soldiers Monument; the Honouliuli  National Monument in Hawaii; the Pullman National Monument in Illinois;  Browns Canyon National Monument in Colorado; Waco Mammoth National  Monument in Texas; Castle Mountains National Monument in California;  the Belmont-Paul Women's Equality National Monument; Stonewall National  Monument in New York; the Birmingham Civil Rights Monument in Alabama;  the Freedom Riders National Monument in Alabama; and the Reconstruction  Era National Monument in South Carolina.   The Executive order says the Secretary of the Interior can review any  national monument designation since 1996 ``Where the Secretary  determines that the designation or expansion was made without adequate  public outreach and coordination with relevant stakeholders.''   The Executive order says that for any national monument on the list I  just mentioned, the Secretary of the Interior could decide there was  not appropriate public outreach. Even though the process used by  Presidents under the Antiquities Act makes sure you have that, this  Secretary could decide there wasn't enough and recommend to undo any of  these monuments and eliminate access to the public for the purposes of  recreation and enjoyment.   So this administration has it dead wrong. He is no Teddy Roosevelt.  In fact, I saw he had a press conference with a statue of Teddy  Roosevelt behind him. Teddy Roosevelt would be appalled because his  concept of preserving Federal land was so important. Teddy Roosevelt  was an outdoorsman who spent many a time in these great places of our  Nation and understood their great significance. That is why we have the  Antiquities Act. He knew that these resources strengthened our country.  They made us strong as a nation. They show the crown jewels of the  United States of America in all their glory and beauty. He knew it was  important to protect them for future generations to enjoy, not just for  the special interests to take advantage of in the near term.   We have a lot of Federal land and offshore land that is used for  resource exploration and development. As people know, natural gas is at  an all-time high in the United States and driving an all-time low  price. It is not as if you need access to Bears Ears National Monument  to drive down the price of natural gas or other fossil fuel. What you  are going to do by pursuing this wrongheaded approach on Bears Ears is  take away one of the historic and beautiful archaeological histories of  Native Americans and early Americans in the United States--and an area  that has excellent outdoor recreation opportunities--and throw it,  along with the concept of the Antiquities Act, over the side just  because someone wants to try to reverse what our previous Presidents,  starting with Teddy Roosevelt, have done to protect these monuments in  our national interest.   Representing a State where we have several counties that have lots of  Federal land, whether forest lands or BLM lands, I know that it can be  challenging for local communities to maintain the infrastructure, the  education, the hospitals, the law enforcement. I am a big believer in  making sure that what are called PILT payments and the Secure Rural  School Program are well funded and financed to make sure that these  communities can be there to help us support these public lands. But the  notion that with one act we would throw in Teddy Roosevelt's face all  of these national monuments and now say that we are going to try to use  it in reverse to review the work in the near term, of 3 different  Presidents who used this authority is simply wrongheaded.   What we need to do is embrace the outdoor economy. As I said, it is 7  million jobs with over $800 billion of economic activity. In fact,  since the last time they did their report, there has been a $200  billion annual increase in the economic impact in the United States of  America. What great news. An industry and sector, particularly in  retail, is growing by leaps and bounds. It is an industry that is  providing people with more tools and opportunity to enjoy our beautiful  places. The only thing we can do to screw that up is start taking away  the beautiful places where people go to recreate. I would say we should  be examining how well these areas we have protected are being used and  figure out how we can continue to communicate to the general public  about these wonderful experiences.   Do not think for one minute that the American people in their souls  are not connected to the spiritual nature of these beautiful lands.  They are. And that is what Teddy Roosevelt knew. He knew this is where  we go to rejuvenate. Let's not take it away for some oil and gas  exploration.   I yield the floor.   