 Mr. President, first, let me start by commending the  Senator from Louisiana for all of the thought and the work he has put  into coming up with an alternative plan that would fix ObamaCare and  result in more Americans having affordable health insurance. As a  physician, Senator Cassidy cares deeply about his patients and about  patients in general. His goal, which I share, is to make sure every  American has access to affordable health care. I commend him for his  hard work and leadership.   There has been much debate lately on the best approach to replacing  and reforming the Affordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare. Some of  my colleagues have argued for immediate repeal without any replacement,  an option I reject, for it risks leaving millions of vulnerable  Americans without affordable health insurance and would undo important  consumer protections provided by current law.   Others have proposed repeal with a delayed effective date of 2 or 3  years to allow time for the Senate to devise legislation that would  provide a better approach to health insurance. My concern with the  repeal-and-delay plan is that the ObamaCare exchanges, already on very  shaky financial ground, would go into a death spiral as consumers would  face uncertainty and insurers would have no basis for pricing their  policies.   Already we have seen insurers fleeing the marketplaces in many  States, reducing choices for consumers. In some States, only one or two  insurers remain on the exchanges, leaving individuals and families with  few, if any, choice of insurance carriers. Every single one of the 23  State cooperatives whose startup costs were financed by ObamaCare has  experienced severe financial problems and only five remain operational  today.   Many States, including Maine, are experiencing double-digit increases  in premiums, causing increased costs for consumers and for taxpayers.  So repeal and delay would only exacerbate this problem.   I am pleased to see a growing consensus among Members of both the  Senate and the House that we must fix ObamaCare, provide reforms at  nearly the same time that we repeal the law, in order to protect  families who rely on the program and to give insurers time to  transition to a new marketplace that is based on more choices for  consumers.   Many of us have been working for years on proposals to reform our  health care system, to expand coverage, and to encourage new delivery  systems that would help restrain the growth in health care costs. That  is what the legislation that I am going to be pleased to be joining my  colleague from Louisiana on, would do. It is focused on giving more  choices while ensuring that consumers have access to affordable health  insurance.   We have advanced bipartisan proposals in the past to deal with  provisions of the law that have increased costs and discouraged  employers from hiring full-time workers. Regrettably, every such reform  has been met with a veto threat. That is why we continued to work.   In 2015, I joined Senator Cassidy in introducing a more comprehensive  and creative approach, the Patient Freedom Act, which is the basis for  the legislation we are going to be introducing soon. It would allow  States to have more choices. If they like the Affordable Care Act, they  can keep the Affordable Care Act. If they want to go an alternative  route that is more patient-centered, that would provide more choices  and help to restrain costs, they can do that, too, and the Federal  Government would bundle the funding that would otherwise be used for  ACA subsidies and the expansion of Medicaid in their State and allow  them to proceed along a more creative route.   We recognize how different the needs of our States are, but our  citizens should have access to affordable health care and be able to  choose the path that works best for them.   We will be talking more about the specifics of our bill when we  introduce it, but I am excited about this approach. I am not saying it  is perfect, but it is important that we put specific proposals on the  table that our colleagues can coalesce around, debate, and refine so  that we can move ahead and remove the fear and uncertainty of families  who are relying on coverage through the exchanges without putting an  undue burden on the employers who create jobs in this country.   Mr. President, let me again commend the Senator from Louisiana. He  has worked so hard to come up with a fresh approach. He has been very  open to suggestions that I and others have made.   We all understand the importance of maintaining the consumer  protections that help individuals with preexisting conditions, that  ensure that young people can remain on their parents' insurance  policies until age 26, and that prohibit lifetime caps. Those  provisions would remain. But what we want to do is to allow our States  the option of selecting a different path that will lead to patient- directed reforms that contain costs and provide citizens with more  health care choices. The Patient Freedom Act does just that.   Again, I want to commend my colleague Senator Cassidy for his  leadership.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.   