 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in strong support of the U.S. Wants to Compete for a World  Expo Act. Let me thank our chairman, Ed Royce, for his leadership of  the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I also want to thank my colleagues  from Minnesota, Ms. McCollum and Mr. Emmer, for their hard work on this  measure.   World Fairs and World Expos explore and bring millions of people  together from around the globe. They drive billions of dollars of  investment to host cities, and they provide a forum for working toward  new and creative solutions to serious problems. Across more than a  century, these Expos have given us some of the world's most iconic  architecture: the Golden Gate Bridge, the Space Needle, and the Eiffel  Tower. They have brought together world leaders and experts to discuss  topics ranging from nutrition to the future of energy.   The last Expo held in the United States was in 1984, and Minnesota is  a potential candidate to host the 2023 World Expo. This Expo could  bring in about 12 million visitors and $4 billion of revenue to  Minnesota and connect the public and private sector to discuss Wellness  and Well-Being for All.   Mr. Speaker, we are at a grave disadvantage in competing for this  event. In 2001, at the direction of Congress, the State Department  withdrew from numerous international associations, including the Bureau  of International Expositions, or BIE. Then-Secretary of State Colin  Powell warned that this action could force the U.S. to pay a higher fee  for participation and decrease the chance of an American city being  selected as a host city.   We are currently facing these consequences. As a nonmember of the  BIE, the United States faces significantly higher costs to participate  in expositions and will also face substantial barriers in hosting since  preference is given to member nations.   Mr. Speaker, the remedy is simple. We must rejoin the BIE. Private  sector companies have shown interest in paying membership dues, so  rejoining the BIE would not be an additional burden to taxpayers.   Hosting the World Expo would increase revenue and tourism to  Minnesota and the U.S. generally, put us at the forefront of  international discussion on health, and increase our chances to hold  specialized and World Expos in the future. I am proud of the hard work  that has gone into this by my colleagues. I am glad once again that we  are working in a bipartisan manner to pass legislation that advances  our interests.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong support for H. Res. 187,  Relating to Efforts to Respond to the Famine in South Sudan, as  amended, which passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and has  received bipartisan support.   As always, Mr. Speaker, I thank and appreciate the leadership of  Chairman Royce, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Engel.   The United Nations has declared what is going on now in four  countries as potentially the worse humanitarian crisis since the U.N.  was formed in 1945. Famine has been declared in one country, and three  others are at risk of famine. Famine might be averted in Somalia if the  rains come. In Nigeria and Yemen, famine might be averted if the world  acts in time.   But South Sudan, which is the world's newest nation, is currently  experiencing famine. The United Nations defines famine as meaning over  20 percent of the population has access to only 2,100 calories per day.  Thirty percent of children are malnourished. And 2 to 4 people die per  day because of lack of food. Tragically, South Sudan meets all three  conditions.   Over the years, the U.S. has played a leadership role in the region.  The U.S. has helped South Sudan throughout their struggle for  independence, and has tried to help the world's newest nation over the  last several years before and during the conflict.    The tragedy is the people of South Sudan are in the midst of a  famine, not because of a drought or other natural disaster, but because  of ongoing conflict. There is heavy responsibility on all sides of the  fighting. There is no innocent party here.   In South Sudan, the U.N. has reported roughly 5 million people who  are in urgent need of food and nutritional assistance. There are almost  2 million internally displaced persons in camps in South Sudan, and  2,400 South Sudanese refugees arrive in Uganda every single day.   If the world does not act, 5 million people will be at risk for  starvation by mid-2017. Without urging humanitarian intervention, more  civilians will continue to die from acute malnutrition, and millions  more will remain at risk.   If we fail to act prior to the upcoming rainy season, which is May to  August, this will create additional problems that will further impede  humanitarian efforts. Unfortunately, the areas where famine has been  declared have also seen some of the most intense fighting.   The amendment to H. Res. 187 calls for USAID to continue providing  desperately needed and locally appropriate food aid through the Food  for Peace and Emergency Food Security Programs, and calls on the  Government of South Sudan to declare and observe a cessation of  hostilities to allow food and essential supplies to reach affected  civilians.   The resolution urges the Government of South Sudan to allow immediate  and unrestricted humanitarian access to the southern unity region,  where the famine is currently underway.   The amendment also condemns all threats and violence against civilian  populations and aid workers, including over 70 humanitarian aid workers  that have been killed since the conflict began.   The resolution condemns the brutal attack by the South Sudanese  military on humanitarian aid workers, including Americans at the  Terrain Camp in July of last year.   The resolution condemns the multiple instances in which security  forces have looted humanitarian assistance destined for civilians in  need, and supports the effort of the U.S. Government working with  partners in the international community, including the U.N., the  African Union, and the European Union, to facilitate humanitarian  access to affected areas, and encourages greater diplomatic pressure on  the parties to return to the negotiation table to stop the violence and  to allow full humanitarian access.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Crowley), my good friend and Democratic Caucus chairman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Crowley), my good friend and Democratic Caucus chairman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Payne).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), my good friend and colleague and the chair of  the Nigeria Caucus.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished lady for her  commitment and this very important resolution, and the opportunities to  meet with her and advocate as she convenes the South Sudan and Sudan  Caucus and works as the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs  Committee, Subcommittee on Africa, with our chairman, Mr. Smith; and,  of course, I thank Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel, leading the full committee;  and those who came to the floor, Mr. Crowley, and certainly Mr. Payne,  who has a legacy that he is holding in such high esteem by his own  leadership.   I was in South Sudan with the late Congressman Donald Payne as the  right to return was implemented, and the individuals who were fleeing  Sudan came with joy and tears. As they exited the buses that were  bringing them in, they clearly were joyful. This was a homecoming.   We look forward to a great recognition of the assets and minerals and  various wealth that Sudan, South Sudan could have to help all of its  people and even to try and help those still in Darfur even though in  Sudan.   We met with the then-President and Vice President, who have now  turned it into an enormous conflict and rising up against each other  and killing and causing people to flee.   And so I want to congratulate Congresswoman Bass for this resolution,  for us to be on record relating to efforts to respond to the famine in  South Sudan. And I take this moment just to read this story about a  woman who is an example of what the fear and fright is:   ``By day, Mary Nyarac scours swamps for fish and edible water lilies.  When darkness falls and South Sudan's militias retreat to their bases,  she and hundreds of others fleeing a 3-year civil war slip onto dry  land and tend crops to stave off famine.  [[Page H2835]]    ``Prowling hyenas pose a threat during Nyarac's nighttime harvests,  but they worry her less than the armed men who can appear in daytime,  the 20-year-old said as she sat beneath neem trees in the northern  county of Leer, one of two areas in South Sudan where the United  Nations in February made the world's first declaration of famine since  2011. She and other residents are facing a catastrophe that's being  echoed by looming mass food shortages in Somalia, Yemen, and northern  Nigeria.''    This is devastating--an article in Bloomberg News--100,000 in those  counties, 5 million all throughout Sudan and South Sudan, but it is in  all of Sub-Saharan Africa.   So I believe that this resolution brings all of us together-- Republicans and Democrats--and makes the statement of the United States  House of Representatives, then on to the Senate, and then for the  President to make the statement, as Congresswoman Bass so aptly states  in this resolution, to let humanitarian aid come in. Let there be food  that will reach those starving, and particularly the children, that are  apt to die in this region.   It is well-known, as well, that women are not treated in the way that  they should be, and I look forward to working with Congresswoman Bass  on H.R. 48 that deals specifically with the rights of women and  providing them with human rights and women's participation in  leadership. That is certainly missing.   But now people are starving, and so I would ask my colleagues to join  me in supporting H. Res. 187, relating to efforts to respond to the  famine in South Sudan and be reminded of Mary, who scours swamps for  fish and edible water lilies, if at all possible, and fears the  onslaught of violence during the day. They cannot live this way. They  can only die this way.   Mr. Speaker, support H. Res. 187 so that we can save lives.   Mr. Speaker, as a member of the South Sudan Caucus, and the sponsor  of H.R. 48, the ``Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan  Act,'' I rise in strong support of H. Res. 187, a resolution directing  the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to  increase emergency assistance to respond to the famine in South Sudan.   On February 20, 2017 famine was declared formally in two counties of  Unity State, which is located in the northern region of South Sudan.   The United Nations currently estimates that more than 100,000 people  in two Unity State counties are directly affected by the famine.   In addition, food security experts are concerned that famine will  spread.   According to expert analyses, in the absence of urgent humanitarian  action, as many as 4.9 million South Sudanese, about 40 percent of the  country's population, face the grim and certain prospect of starvation.   In 1998 the region suffered from a famine spurred by civil war and  approximately 70,000 to several hundred thousand people died during  that famine.   Although South Sudan has previously experienced wide-spread food  insecurity, the present famine crisis is different because it is almost  entirely man-made.   South Sudan is the world's newest nation, located in the center of  Africa and bordered by six countries.   It is rich in oil, but following decades of civil war it is also one  of the least developed regions on earth--only 15% of its citizens own a  mobile phone and there are very few tarmac roads in an area larger in  land mass than Spain and Portugal combined.   This makes the Nile River, which flows through regional centers, an  important transport and trade route.   Since South Sudan overwhelmingly voted to break away from Sudan in  2011, the government's main concern has been to get oil flowing  following disagreements with the regime in Khartoum.   There have been a few small armed rebellions, border clashes and  deadly cattle feuds but these have all taken place far from the capital  city of Juba.   Signs of friction within the governing party, Sudan People's  Liberation Movement (SPLM), came when President Salva Kiir, an ethnic  Dinka, the country's largest group, fired his deputy Riek Machar, who  is from the second largest tribe, the Nuer.   President Kiir believes Mr. Machar was behind a coup plot to oust him  and seize power.   Mr. Machar denies the accusations, but has publicly criticized Mr.  Kiir for failing to tackle corruption and vowed to challenge President  Kiir for leadership of the SPLM.   It is not clear what led to the breach in their relationship but what  started out as a political squabble has escalated into ethnic violence.   The loyalties of the South Sudan army are divided with each of the  principals commanding significant military support and forces loyal to  each man have clashed around the country.   And some of the most intense fighting has taken place in areas where  famine is most severe.   Compounding matters, Mr. Speaker, South Sudan is awash with guns  after decades of conflict and there is a history of ethnic tension for  politicians to exploit if they believe that could help them gain, or  remain in, power.   It is against this backdrop that USAID is coordinating proactively  and closely with the United Nations, the African Union, the European  Union, and others to address South Sudan's food insecurity.   Complicating this situation is the fact that while the Government of  South Sudan has reportedly promised access to the most at-risk areas,  humanitarian organizations remain unable to provide vital food, water  and shelter in many locations.   Mr. Speaker, the actions of South Sudan Government in prohibiting  humanitarian assistance from getting to starving communities has  undermined the most proactive attempts by the United States and others  to address what has now become a famine.   H. Res. 187 calls on South Sudan's leaders to put their petty  disputes aside and to put the well-being of their people first.   The resolution condemns all threats and violence against civilian  populations and aid workers, including the over 70 humanitarian aid  workers killed since the conflict began and the brutal attack by the  South Sudanese military on humanitarian aid workers, including  Americans, at the Terrain Camp in July 2016.   In addition, H. Res. 187 expresses support for the efforts of the  United States Government, working with partners in the international  community, including the United Nations, the African Union, and the  European Union, to facilitate humanitarian access to affected areas,  and encourages greater diplomatic pressure on the parties to return to  the negotiation table to stop the violence, and to allow full  humanitarian access to displaced and starving populations, and to cease  violations of humanitarian principles.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by observing that while  bringing an end to the civil war and humanitarian relief the famine- stricken in South Sudan must be our first order of business, it is also  very important to note that all of us who worked to secure its  independence want the country to succeed and become a productive and  constructive member of the community of nations.   That is why I have reintroduced the ``Equal Rights and Access for the  Women of South Sudan Act'' (H.R. 48), which promotes the human rights  of women in South Sudan as the country transitions to a long-term  government and to ensure women enjoy the right to participate fully in  the political and economic life of the country.   Despite its newly won independence women in South Sudan continue to  face brutal violations of their human rights.   A lack of infrastructure as well as gender inequality has the  potential to regress much of the progress that has been made in South  Sudan.   Such a lack of human development factors only furthers the  marginalization of women in South Sudan:   1. Inadequate health care has resulted in high maternal and infant  mortality rates in South Sudan; the maternal mortality rate is one of  the highest in the world with 1,054 deaths per 100,000 live births.   2. Additionally, literacy rates for women are staggeringly low; over  80% of women and girls in South Sudan are illiterate.   3. The violence stemming from the conflict has led some traders to  suspend their market presence resulting in food commodity price  increases as much as 30 percent in high-conflict regions.   The ``Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act'' puts  equal rights and access for the women of South Sudan at the forefront  by:   1. Encouraging the appointment of women to high level positions  within Republic of South Sudan Government;   2. Ensuring that a significant portion of United States development,  humanitarian, and relief assistance is channeled to local and United  States-based South Sudanese organizations, particularly South Sudanese  women's organizations;   3. Providing long-term financial assistance for primary, secondary,  higher, nontraditional, and vocational education for South Sudanese  girls, women, boys, and men;   4. Providing financial assistance to build health infrastructure and  deliver high-quality comprehensive health care programs, including  primary, maternal, child, reproductive, and mental health care;   5. Requiring military training regarding the protection, rights, and  particular needs of  [[Page H2836]]  women and emphasizing that violations of women's rights are intolerable  and should be prosecuted; and   6. Taking all necessary steps to ensure that internally displaced  South Sudanese women are directly receiving food aid, shelter, relief  supplies, and other services from United States-sponsored programs.   Mr. Speaker, as a nation, we should support the Republic of South  Sudan in its efforts to become a freer, more equitable society that  respects, supports, and endorses the rights of women.   I look forward to working with Congresswoman Bass, the Ranking Member  of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, members of the South  Sudan Caucus, and all Members of the House to pass the ``Equal Rights  and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act'' and send it to the  President's desk for signature.   But before we can do that, we must end the man-made famine and  alleviate the humanitarian suffering now ongoing in South Sudan.   That is why I strongly support H. Res. 187 and urge all Members to  join me in voting for this important resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Suozzi), my fellow colleague on the Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. I propose to close.   Mr. Speaker, this crisis can be stopped in its tracks. There is no  need for millions to die. The world needs to step up as it did in the  Ebola crisis.   The U.S. needs to continue to lead. Our contribution is vital and is  based on the size of our economy and the fact that other countries who  are not as fortunate contribute in different ways. But the entire world  should and does participate.   In 2011, 200,000 people had to die in Somalia before the world took  notice and acted. This should never happen again.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   