 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues who are  here this evening. I also want to thank my colleague, Congresswoman  Esty, for her indomitable efforts and work in making sure that we focus  our time and our attention to the prevention of gun violence.   Madam Speaker, I rise to honor and to commemorate the victims of the  Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, 5 years  ago. We lost 20 beautiful innocent children and 6 wonderful caring  adults. While the grief and pain of the families who lost a loved one  at Sandy Hook endures, we can all find hope and strength in the  resilience of Newtown, and, together, we must honor their loss with  action.   Tonight, I want to share an essay from ``Bullets into Bells: Poets  and Citizens Respond to Gun Violence.'' Abbey Clements, a teacher at  Sandy Hook, wrote the following: ``154 shots. They heard them all. I  thought they were folding chairs falling. We huddled into the coats and  backpacks. Some of them cried. Some of them laughed--how could they  know? And if they knew, how could they believe? We shared a water  bottle, a blue one, passing it around. Little arms poking out to take  it. We waited. We had to believe the police were who they said they  were. I opened the door. They scattered. A few in my outstretched arms.  We ran. We were lucky. Surviving is a gift and a burden. What do you do  with that?   ``For me, as soon as I could, I started to fight. I fight to keep  guns out of the hands of dangerous people. I fight to keep guns locked  up and away from curious toddlers and depressed teens. I fight against  arming teachers, and I fight to keep guns out of college dorms and  classrooms. Lockdowns, active-shooter drills, and backpacks that morph  into shields aren't the answer.   ``Parents shouldn't have to worry about whether or not their kids  will make it home from school. A year or two after the tragedy, one mom  told me that, every day after school, she left a gift for her daughter  sitting on her bed--a celebration for making it home.''   Those are the words of Abbey Clements, a teacher at Sandy Hook.   It is our job to make sure that those children get home safe from  school. We have the ability to do that in this institution. What we  need is the will to do it.   Again, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman Esty, for her leadership  in this effort.   