 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R.  2372, the VETERAN Act. However, before I speak about this bill, I would  like to take a moment to thank my colleagues, General Bergman and Dr.  Wenstrup, both colleagues of ours on the very bipartisan Veterans'  Affairs Committee, for their bravery on the ball field yesterday.   Yesterday was a harrowing day for my colleagues, and their courage  under fire made this Congress and America proud. While Majority Whip  Scalise is still in critical condition, our colleagues, who both served  our country in uniform, gave Mr. Scalise a fighting chance. Please keep  Mr. Scalise, Matt Mika, Zack Barth, and U.S. Capitol Police Officers  Crystal Griner and David Bailey in your thoughts and prayers.   I rise before you today on the VETERAN Act to voice my concerns on  the underlying bill it seeks to fix: the American Health Care Act.   My colleagues and I criticized the AHCA a few weeks ago because it  did not give veterans access to, and choice for, affordable healthcare.  I am very glad to be here today now that my Republican colleagues have  realized this error and are seeking to help veterans gain access to tax  credits.   I renew my commitment to work in a bipartisan way to improve the  healthcare system in America. Our goal should be a system that provides  access to affordable healthcare to all Americans, including those who  have served in uniform.   But no one should be under the illusion that the AHCA, with or  without the VETERAN Act, will achieve these goals. The AHCA includes  significant negative changes to Medicaid. This Congress and the  American people should know that more than 2 million veterans rely upon  Medicaid for their healthcare, and millions more spouses and children  of veterans also rely on Medicaid. The AHCA would slash $834 billion in  Medicaid coverage.   When 40 percent of working-age veterans have no other coverage,  passing the AHCA will mean that these veterans and their families have  no access to lifesaving healthcare.   As co-chair of the bipartisan task force combating the opioid  epidemic, I urge my colleagues to consider that Medicaid provides vital  mental health and substance abuse treatment for many of these veterans  and their families that they will not receive otherwise. For our  veterans seeking treatment for combat wounds, PTSD, MST, and other  conditions, under the AHCA, military service to our country could be  considered a preexisting condition resulting in a denial of care.   