 Mr. Chairman, first, I want to thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership as our ranking member on our Budget  Committee.   I rise in strong opposition to the Republican's so-called budget  plan. I am a member, yes, of the Budget Committee and the  Appropriations Committee, and I know, because we work on this each and  every day, that our national budget is a statement of our national  priorities and our values. I know very well that the Republicans have  put forward, quite frankly, a sinister budget whose chief purpose is to  hand tax breaks to billionaires.   Budgets are moral documents. They should not be rigged in favor of  special interests and the wealthy few, but the Republican budget is.  Our Nation's budget should prioritize working families and the middle  class, too many of whom are making low wages and living below the  poverty line.   It should assist those struggling to find a job and investment in  workforce training, education, job creation, and job training. Instead,  this Republican budget creates tax cuts for billionaire, millionaires,  and corporations.   Our budget should expand to protect healthcare for all. Instead, this  budget steals nearly $2 trillion from lifesaving Medicaid and Medicare.   Our budget should also invest in our crumbling infrastructure, which,  of course, creates jobs. But the Republican budget cuts funding for our  roads, our bridges, and our railways.   Finally, with nearly 40 million Americans living in poverty, our  Nation's budget should contain a serious and effective strategy to end  poverty, especially for communities of color and  [[Page H7784]]  rural communities who have higher poverty rates.   The House Republican budget does not do this. In fact, it slashes  programs that help create good-paying jobs for struggling families by  $5.4 trillion. No family in America should be forced to go hungry. Yet,  because wages are so low across this country, millions of families now  rely on nutrition and food assistance. Yet this budget cuts $150  billion from SNAP, food assistance, and nutrition assistance, which  will create more poverty for people who are working. It doesn't make  any sense. It is fundamentally immoral.     Mr. Chair, once again, Republicans are determined to balance  their budget on the backs of the most vulnerable; to hand tax breaks to  millionaires, and billionaires, and corporations; and slush funds for  Pentagon contractors.   This budget is cruel and unusual punishment for those who are not  rich. I urge my colleagues to reject this un-American, heartless  budget, and to vote ``no.''    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I just  want to thank the gentleman and Congressman Pocan for their really  great leadership of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and for  crafting a budget which creates economic growth, a decent standard of  living for everyone, and a strong yet rational national security  budget.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Congressional  Progressive Caucus' people's budget. Today, millions of Americans are  struggling to make ends meet and millions more are working hard trying  to find a job. Paychecks for everyday Americans are shrinking, while  corporations are reaping record profits. Yet, instead of developing a  budget to create jobs and to help American families, the House  Republicans ``balance'' their budget once again on the backs of  struggling families. And for what? To protect tax cuts for billionaires  and millionaires and corporations. Again, this is totally disgraceful.   The CPC's people's budget stands in stark contrast to the House  Republican budget. It creates 2 million good-paying jobs and invests $2  trillion in infrastructure. It includes a plan to lift more Americans  out of poverty, and it invests in communities of color, like expanding  computer science education.   It ends the Pentagon's slush fund, known as the overseas contingency  account, that for far too long has padded the pockets and the wallets  of defense  [[Page H7825]]  contractors at the taxpayers' expense. It also tackles waste, fraud,  and abuse at the Pentagon by demanding audit readiness. It is hard to  believe that the Republican budget goes $10 billion over what the  Pentagon even requested.   Make no mistake, the people's budget does what the House Republican  budget does not. It works for the American people, not special  interests, nor defense contractors, or the 1 percent.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to do what is best for all American  families, and that is support the Congressional Progressive Caucus'  people's budget.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.  Also I want to thank him for his tremendous leadership in continuing to  craft the Congressional Black Caucus' budget which really does reflect  our Nation's priorities and our values, so I rise in strong support of  this budget.   As a member of the Budget and the Appropriations Committees and as  chair of our Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity,  I am really proud that the Congressional Black Caucus budget includes  $300 billion in investments into initiatives that have proven to lift  millions out of poverty.   For example, it restores the cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program, it extends emergency unemployment insurance, it  expands access to affordable housing, and it also increases funding for  job training and trade assistance programs.   The CBC budget creates a fair Tax Code that provides investments in  communities. It boosts GDP by $329 billion and helps create 2 million  jobs. This budget addresses poverty head on by investing $120 billion  in creating jobs, $25 billion to restore our Nation's public housing,  and $80 billion to modernize our schools.   Also, our budget employs the 10-20-30 formula championed by our  assistant leader, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), by  directing at least 10 percent of Federal spending into areas with  poverty rates of more than 20 percent over the last 30 years. We will  make progress toward ending entrenched and generational poverty that  hurts families and communities.   With regard to the Pentagon, yes, we require that we audit the  Pentagon and encourage DOD to implement remaining GAO recommendations  that would likely lead to tens of billions in costs savings.   This is a budget that stands with the American people. It is a  message to the American people that we stand with those who are working  hard to find a job, and we stand with those working hard at a job with  low wages. It is a message to the country that balancing  [[Page H7831]]  the budget on the backs of struggling families to provide giveaways to  billionaires and corporations is unacceptable. That is not the American  way.   The CBC budget provides for the national security and the economic  security of our Nation.   