 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I look forward to having this discussion  this afternoon about the Affordable Care Act and the many votes and  actions that are going to be taking place. I especially look forward to  having this discussion with the Presiding Officer because I know his  State is greatly impacted by the health care delivery system and its  shortfalls, and I look forward to discussing with him some of the many  ideas that our colleagues have.   I will say this at the outset of my comments. I am willing to work  with anybody to improve our health care delivery system. I am willing  to discuss with anybody what we need to do to improve the quality of  health care for Americans, and I am specifically interested in making  sure that we improve the outcomes of many Americans' health care and  that we also lower costs.   It has been the hallmark of what the Northwest health care delivery  system has been all about. Yes, that is right. We get less money and  deliver better outcomes. It is not because we all like to hike,  although there are many Washingtonians who like to hike. It is because  we have had to make do with less, and we have built a better system. We  hope the rest of the country can move forward along similar lines.   So I am here to talk about the Affordable Care Act and the many  aspects of it that are so important to our Nation in actually slowing  health care costs and reducing our deficit. That is one of the  cornerstones of why we did delivery system reform and why we did health  care reform. We needed to slow the rate of health insurance increases,  and we needed to lower the costs for us as a nation as well for the  private sector. That was the task at hand. So to my colleagues who are  ready to repeal all that, I ask you to wait. I ask you to stop and  think about what we are doing, and before you repeal, think about what  we are going to put in its place because this is such an important  issue.    What does the Affordable Care Act mean? One of the aspects that I  think is getting lost in this debate is that people are talking about  what has happened in a percentage of the individual market. They are  talking about the plans as they related to last October and what  happened with rate increases. Some people said: Oh, well, a lot of  providers went out and offered a lot of low-ball coverage costs and  came back with higher rates later. Some people said: Some of the pools  aren't big enough. Some people said: Well, the coverage we are going to  guarantee is going to help. But the issue is that the Affordable Care  Act is much more than just what we tried to do in the individual  markets. It is about providing affordable coverage, but it is also  about reducing costs, improving the health care delivery system,  protecting women's health, and saving the taxpayers money. I hope my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will think about all of these  issues--providing affordable coverage, reducing costs, improving the  health care delivery system. I warn my colleagues that if you repeal  the Affordable Care Act and take away its improvements to the delivery  system, you are going to balloon the deficit, and that is something  that we cannot afford.   What am I talking about when I say ``affordable coverage''? Well,  let's take Washington State, for example. I am sure the Presiding  Officer could take his State also, but in our State, there are 3  million Washingtonians with preexisting conditions who are guaranteed  coverage; there are 50,000 young adults who can keep coverage through  their parents' plans; and more than 600,000 Washingtonians have been  covered by the Medicaid expansion.  [[Page S129]]    To me, the Medicaid expansion is about simple math. Medicaid is  expanded because it is the most cost-effective, economical way for that  population to get health care coverage and to be part of the health  care system, keeping our costs down and keeping that population  healthy.   Depending on what State you are from and what philosophy you have as  an individual, you may not be for Medicaid expansion. There have been  many times that across the aisle we have been able to come to terms on  Medicaid expansion and on the CHIP program because we believe that  having a healthier population is a good economic policy for our Nation.  After the Affordable Care Act implementation, we actually have results,  studies, and analysis by various States in the Nation that have said  that expanding the Medicaid population has helped our economy and has  helped our States overall. So I would say to my colleagues, please do  not repeal the Medicaid expansion. Please do not put these people back  on the street with their health care problems and health care issues  and increase the cost of uncompensated care. That is not a strategy.   What else do we want to do? We want to drop the rate of uninsured  Americans. The Affordable Care Act has done that, decreasing by more  than 40 percent the number of uninsured Americans. Less than 9 percent  of Americans are now uninsured. In our State, the uninsured rate has  dropped to 5.8 percent, which is a nearly 60-percent decrease. For us  in the State of Washington, we have more people covered. The Affordable  Care Act is covering more people, so we have taken more people out of  the uninsured market.   The way the other side of the aisle would like to describe this is  that the whole thing is falling apart because of some changes and  shifts in the individual market, but the facts are there that the law  is not only expanding coverage but lowering costs. Looking at what  health care costs would have been over the last decade has always been  a tricky issue. The rates of health care costs were going up. I like to  say that we may want health care costs to keep pace with the rate of  inflation--and I will give health costs a little bit of an inflationary  bump because of technology and new innovation. It is not the same as  the rate of inflation for everything else, but at the same time, we  shouldn't be seeing double-digit increases in the costs of health care.  Our goal was to change the system to the degree that we would see  health care costs more in line or a little bit above the rate of  inflation.   This chart shows the national expenditures for health care on the  dotted line on these actual and most recent projections of what the  health care system is doing now compared to what it would have been  before the Affordable Care Act. So again, people are debating over what  these increases are, when in reality we were seeing double-digit  increases, and now we are seeing the cost growth of health care go  down.   So going back to the chart for a second, this projection is so big  because of many factors. This is about changing the delivery system;  this is about making sure that there are not exorbitant amounts of  uncompensated care; and this is about making sure that we don't  overspend on the health care delivery system. I can imagine that for  some States this must be the most frustrating issue, particularly if  the reimbursement rate has led to a population that is constantly  underserved because no one wants to see those patients. We in the  Northwest have had that frustration because we get somewhere between  $1,000 to $2,000 less--maybe even more--per Medicare beneficiary than  many other States in the country. That has led to a situation where  people don't even see Medicare beneficiaries in parts of our State.  That is right. People have to travel a great distance to find a doctor  because they can't find one because of the Medicare reimbursement rate.   My solution is, if we are providing health care in my State with  better outcomes and lower costs, I shouldn't be penalized for that; I  should be rewarded. Every other State should try to practice medicine  that actually helps us lower the costs.   So why are we working on this issue? The Affordable Care Act has  contributed to slower cost growth. Medicare spent $473 billion less in  the 5-year period from 2009-2014 compared to the benchmark--compared to  what would have been done if we did nothing. So, my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle, I know you are all for repeal. Where will you  replace this money? Where are you going to come up with those savings?  If you come to the floor and say that you don't want to repeal the  delivery system reform that we fought so hard for and crafted, that you  are willing to make those changes and keep the delivery system, we will  be listening with open arms and great receptivity because there are  many people on this side of the aisle who have worked very, very hard  on these reforms.   In the private sector, we have also slowed the rate of growth in  insurance premiums. I am talking now about the employer-based plans. We  slowed the rate to one-third of what it was before.   Individuals are seeing lower increases than what they would have had  to pay before these reforms.   So what is the debate about now? What we are trying to do in health  care reform is improve health care by decreasing costs, having better  patient outcomes, and helping doctors spend more time with their  patients than with their paperwork. This is critically important  because what we are seeing in the United States is doctors spending  more time on the paperwork of the system than on the actual outcomes of  their patients.   We want everybody to have a medical home. We want everybody to have a  delivery system that rewards outcomes, and that is what we are driving  for, but the debate in Washington has not been over this issue of where  Americans get their insurance coverage. As you can see from this chart,  49 percent of Americans get insurance through work, 34 percent of them  through Medicare and Medicaid and other public programs, and then a  much smaller percentage are uninsured or in the individual market. The  debate now is over the individual market. The debate is over the 7- percent number.   In some States, the individual market was out of whack for a variety  of reasons. Maybe the risk pool was too small, maybe insurers went too  low on their original estimates, maybe they made some changes that  didn't work in that marketplace, but that doesn't mean we throw out all  of the Affordable Care Act that is doing such great work just because 7  percent of the population in the individual market needs further  attention. It doesn't mean that we repeal all of this. It certainly  doesn't mean that we give this uncertainty to the American people about  whether they are going to have health care coverage and give the  illusion that the other side of the aisle is doing anything but taking  the system and capping Medicare and Medicaid, giving out a check that  never keeps pace with inflation, and then taking the savings from the  system and channeling it into corporate tax reform relief. No, no, no,  no, no. We need to make the health care delivery system work for the  American people, deliver better outcomes, and continue to make reforms.   What are the innovations that we are talking about in the delivery  system? Well, my colleague, the Presiding Officer, will know, because  he understands health care, that the innovation in health care is about  everybody having a medical home. Why do you need a medical home? You  need a medical home because you need to be seen, not by the emergency  room physician but by your doctor and someone who is going to  understand your health care needs.   We need to make investments in primary care and prevention and  wellness. I am sure the Presiding Officer understands that we don't  have enough primary care providers in the United States. We need to  change our system for the GME; that is, graduate medical education, so  we can get more primary care providers.   We also need to focus on health and wellness. That is what the  Affordable Care Act does. It starts to look at the system and rewards  prevention and wellness. The Affordable Care Act says: OK, let's try to  do this in a new way. Accountable care organizations aim for a global  budget instead of all the paperwork that has to happen. A provision I  authored, the Basic Health Plan, which is being used in the State of  New York, is showing results in lowering  [[Page S130]]  the costs of premiums, giving affordability to people well beyond what  they were able to otherwise get.   The other idea is rebalancing nursing care to community-based care.  Twenty-one States applied for and were approved to do rebalancing. A  lot of these States were Republican States in the South that took the  money from the Affordable Care Act and bought into this really smart  notion. It says: Let's rebalance away from nursing home care into  community-based care, and we as the Federal Government will help incent  that. So all the Republican Governors that took that money from the  Affordable Care Act to try to rebalance their population away from a  very expensive delivery system to a new delivery system, are they now  going to pay us back? Is that what repeal is going to mean, that we are  going to ask them to pay us the money back or that we are going to  forgo this notion that moving people out of nursing homes and keeping  them in their community homes is more important?   I will tell you this. We have a problem of an aging population in the  United States of America, and the best thing we can do is help change  the delivery system so it is more cost effective for the future. That  is what the Affordable Care Act did.   The Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, which is also a part  of the Affordable Care Act, drove in some incredible efficiencies. The  Secretary just spoke today at the National Press Club, talking about  focusing on better managing care for many people affected with diabetes  because they are one of the biggest cost drivers. So all of this  innovation is part of the Affordable Care Act. Are we going to repeal  that, too? Are we going to repeal all those health care delivery  reforms that are helping reduce the cost of health care?   So what does repeal actually mean?   I am taking it from two different sources here; that is, a full  Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act will increase the deficit  by $350 billion over 10 years.   Why does the Congressional Budget Office and the Committee for a  Responsible Federal Budget say that? Why do they say that? Why would  they make such a claim? Because they know that built into the  Affordable Care Act are changes to the health care delivery system that  improve access, focus on better outcomes, and change our system for the  better. We cannot afford to repeal this as a way to try to say to our  base: This is a better way of delivering health care.   What does the Affordable Care Act come down to?   The philosophy we pushed through is to put the patient at the center  of the health care delivery system so that it works for them. The  repeal attempt by the other side is nothing more than basically saying  we are going to come up with a model where you are not at the center of  this, you are going to get a check that no longer pays for your full  health insurance costs, you are going to get capitated and so is  Medicare and Medicaid--or at least that is all we can get out of the  other side right now about their plans.   It is very important to me that we do not repeal the Affordable Care  Act and that we certainly don't repeal the Affordable Care Act without  any idea what it is that we are going to be doing instead. We have  millions of Americans who will not be covered, and we are going to  throw away our whole system, which has managed to save private  employers and individual families millions of dollars--I would say  billions of dollars over the time period of this legislation and put us  on the right track. If we have to make some changes and adjustments to  the system, let's make some adjustments and changes to the system, but  let's not throw out the entire legislation, and certainly let us not  steal away the Affordable Care Act from the American people.   Basically, that is what repeal is. Repeal is stealing away the  affordability they have been granted over these last several years and  instead taking it for some other corporate interest. I hope it is not  to stuff it into a tax reform bill to give relief to corporate America  because that is not what we need. We need a delivery system that works  for everyone. We need to save those individuals by making sure there is  a cost-effective health care option for them and the marketplace, and I  look forward to seeing real and serious legislation--not a poster board  but a solution.   I love working with my colleagues who want to work on these ideas. I  do. I will because this is a solvable problem. It is. We have shown  that. We have enough results. We have to make some adjustments, but  repealing is just stealing health care from hard-working Americans. I  urge my colleagues to turn that down.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Capito). The Senator from Louisiana.   