 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin) and the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Jayapal) for their  tremendous leadership. They have hit the ground running here in  Congress in defense of our Nation's immigrants and refugees and for all  who just seek to live the American Dream. So thank you very much for  your leadership and for calling us together tonight.   Mr. Speaker, in his first week as President, Donald Trump issued an  executive order essentially banning immigrants and refugees from the  United States on the basis of religion. This action effectively shuts  our gates to some of the most vulnerable people in the world fleeing  danger and death.   This ban flies in the face of our fundamental values as Americans. It  is, yes, morally reprehensible and will only serve to make the United  States less safe. This executive order is also a direct threat to our  national security. Banning Muslim immigrants and refugees only fuels  ISIS propaganda by promoting the false idea that the United States is  at war with Islam. This halfway ban is felt in our communities across  the Nation.   In my district, one Iranian student at the University of California,  Berkeley was not allowed to board the plane to return to the United  States. She is now forced to withdraw from the semester. This is a  disgrace.   Mr. Speaker, this Nation is and has been and will always be a Nation  of immigrants. This ban and this President and his executive orders do  not reflect our values. This is not who we are.   As the President's divisive ban was implemented, we witnessed  thousands of Americans bring what I call ``street heat.'' Men, women,  and children across the country stood up to the President and declared  with one voice: Not on our watch.   These protests, the voice of the American people, give me hope. If we  stand together and resist, we will prevail.   While the President continues his attack on immigrants, refugees, and  Muslims, I vow to stand up for our communities with my colleagues with  a clear message saying once again: This is not who we are. This Muslim  ban is hateful, it is unconstitutional, and it is downright wrong.   Finally, let me just say that February is Black History Month. As an  African American woman, I am reminded of the bans and exclusions of  African Americans and my ancestors and the legacy of slavery where my  ancestors were brought here in chains, built this country, and  continued to fight for freedom and justice. As an African American,  there is no way I can tolerate any ban on anyone seeking refuge in this  great country.   Finally, and in conclusion, as a member of the Appropriations  Committee, I just want to say that I am going to fight tooth and nail  to prevent funding for these misguided anti-immigrant and anti-refugee  policies.   