 I thank my colleague for yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable to me that the majority is  prioritizing a repeal of the Affordable Care Act as its top priority  for the 115th Congress as the Nation's infrastructure crumbles and as  the cost of education continues to skyrocket. It is particularly  outrageous that this budget puts the wheels in motion, as my colleague  has said, for a repeal of the healthcare law without there being  anything to take its place.   This budget would also increase our Nation's debt by $9.5 trillion  over the next 10 years. Apparently the party that has tried to claim  the mantle of balanced budgets for years doesn't really care about  fiscal responsibility.   It is the first step toward defunding Planned Parenthood, which  serves 2.5 million patients--men and women--across the country every  year and provides preventative care, like birth control and cancer  screenings. It seems to me, for the majority of my adult life, I have  been trying to defend Planned Parenthood. The excuse given that the  community health centers can pick up the slack is so enormously wrong  that the community health centers are scared to death that they are  going to be asked to try to pick up that slack of 2.5 million patients.  That is absolutely a cover for something that doesn't make any sense at  all.   I was shocked to read a study over the summer that found that the  rate of pregnancy-related deaths in the State of Texas, since they did  away with Planned Parenthood, seems to have doubled since 2010, making  Texas one of the most dangerous places in the world to have a baby.   What was happening in Texas during this time?   The State legislature was not only making cuts to family planning  clinics where many low-income women received the only medical care they  got, but the State was absolutely refusing to expand its Medicaid  program, which would have given lower income women desperately needed  access to prenatal services.    The point being--and one of the things we talked about  last night at Rules--is that, of the many States in which the premiums,  they thought, had gone reasonably high, these were also the States that  did not expand Medicaid or set up the exchanges, which were intended to  cut the costs. While the causes of maternal deaths are complex,  certainly leaving women without access to medical care will not do  anything to decrease that mortality rate.   Today my Republican friends want to inflict the same harm on pregnant  women all over the country by taking away the Medicaid expansion and by  taking away money for clinics like Planned Parenthood. I cannot believe  that in this day and age and in this century it is even contemplated. I  know the American people are paying attention because every day in my  office we get between 20 and 30 calls--and have for the last 2 or 3  weeks--begging us not to repeal the ACA.   This agenda has the potential to devastate millions of people from  coast to coast. Instead of solving problems, the majority is on the  verge of creating new ones for families all across the country.   