 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S5846]]     Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the latest  disastrous iteration of TrumpCare, the Graham-Cassidy proposal.   It is disappointing that we are here once again. In July, Granite  Staters breathed a sigh of relief when the Senate defeated a proposal  that would have raised healthcare costs and stripped health insurance  away from millions. When that bill failed, I was hopeful that we would  move forward on a bipartisan process to make key improvements to the  Affordable Care Act. That is exactly the process we have started on in  the HELP Committee, focusing on bipartisan solutions to stabilize the  health insurance market.   Now, in direct conflict to this important bipartisan work, some of  our colleagues are making one last-ditch effort to pass partisan  legislation. Make no mistake, Graham-Cassidy is more of the same, and  it is every bit as dangerous as the TrumpCare plans we saw this summer,  if not worse.   Granite Staters and all Americans should be concerned if this bill is  rushed into law. My colleagues are moving so quickly to try to get this  bill passed that the CBO says it will not be able to score it by  September 30, but it is clear that this bill would make things worse  for most Americans.   If you have a preexisting condition, including cancer, asthma, or  diabetes, you could once again be discriminated against with higher  costs that make health coverage unaffordable. This bill would end  Medicaid expansion, a program that Democrats and Republicans in New  Hampshire came together on to pass and reauthorize. Medicaid expansion  has provided quality, affordable health insurance coverage to over  50,000 Granite Staters. Experts on the frontlines of New Hampshire's  heroin, fentanyl, and opioid crisis say it is the one tool we have to  combat this epidemic. Ending Medicaid expansion would pull the rug out  from under those who need its coverage. It would put thousands of  people at risk.   In addition, Graham-Cassidy would cut and cap the Medicaid Program.  Those words, ``cut'' and ``cap,'' are really just code for massive cuts  to the funding that States receive, including New Hampshire, losing  hundreds of millions of dollars in Federal funding for Medicaid over  the next decade. This cut would force States to choose between slashing  benefits, reducing the number of people who can get care, or, in some  cases, having to do both. It would impact some of our most vulnerable  citizens--children, seniors who need in-home care or nursing home care,  and people who experience disabilities.   Graham-Cassidy would allow States to get rid of important protections  in current law--protections called essential health benefits, which  make sure that all insurers cover things like maternity care,  prescription drugs, and substance use disorder services.   Finally, this bill would continue Republican efforts to roll back  women's access to healthcare by defunding Planned Parenthood, which  provides critical primary and preventive healthcare services to  thousands of New Hampshire women.   As we continue to debate the future of our Nation's healthcare  system, we have to understand how things would actually play out on the  ground for the people we are trying to serve. Over the course of this  year, the people of New Hampshire have laid themselves bare and shared  story after story of how they would be impacted by these dangerous  attempts to roll back access to healthcare.   It is people like the Keene resident who has a preexisting condition  and had health insurance through his job, but when he lost that job, he  was able to start a new successful small business all because he knew  he would be able to get quality health insurance under the Affordable  Care Act. It is people such as the Granite Staters who experience  disability but are able to live independently in their home and  community as a result of the personal care services they receive  through Medicaid and people like the mom from Rochester who is  benefiting from substance use disorder services that are included in  Medicaid expansion and would be taken away under this bill.    It really shouldn't be necessary for people to have to come forward  and share their most personal stories, all in an attempt to get their  elected representatives to work together in a bipartisan manner and not  take coverage away. We actually should be able to do that in the U.S.  Senate on our own.   Now, just as we are starting to work on a bipartisan basis, as our  constituents asked us to do, the American people are faced with another  harmful, partisan TrumpCare bill that will destabilize our healthcare  system, drive up premiums, and make care less affordable.   We must come together to build on and improve the Affordable Care Act  and ensure that every American has meaningful, truly affordable access  to the type of care each of us would choose for our own family. We must  reject this proposal and continue moving forward on the bipartisan path  we have started on in the HELP Committee.   I am going to keep standing with my Democratic colleagues, and I urge  the people of New Hampshire and all Americans to continue to speak out  and to share their stories. Together, we will, once again, defeat this  attempt to undermine the healthcare of millions of Americans, and we  will make clear that in the United States of America, all of our people  must be able to get quality, affordable care.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   