 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed to the bill in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, last night, in an effort to secure more votes to pass  the so-called American Health Care Act, the GOP made another last- minute attempt to modify its replacement plan for the Affordable Care  Act--a replacement that I can only describe as a disastrous piece of  legislation--by offering a short-term fix to try and regulate the  massive rise in premiums that Americans over the age of 50 are expected  to incur under their current plan.   H.R. 372 is a measure that simply ends health insurance antitrust  exemption. What is ironic is that the proposed legislation is being  messaged by the GOP as a bipartisan bill, a no-brainer. But Republicans  have never lifted a finger to end the antitrust exemption. For years,  Congressman John Conyers and the Democrats have advocated ending health  insurers' special treatment.   The reality is, while this is an unobjectionable bill on its own,  H.R. 372 has nothing to do with reversing the extraordinary damage that  the GOP plan will unleash on this country. The fact is this will not  help us solve the fundamental issues underlying the GOP's repeal-and- replace bill. Yet, instead of fixing what we know is not working under  the current law, the GOP has offered this Band-Aid to help mend a bill  that needs major surgery. H.R. 372 is simply a complement to help fix  our healthcare system, not an alternative.   One of the worst aspects of the GOP's repeal is the fact that it  implements an age tax. Americans over the age of 50 will be forced to  pay up to five times more than what young Americans would pay for  coverage. In my district alone, we have roughly 89,000 people between  the ages of 50 and 64 who would see their premiums and the cost of  their insurance rise significantly.   I recently heard from one of my constituents within that age bracket.  He is a retired firefighter who served our country for 29 years and is  now disabled. So after many years of service, Ted is worried that if  the GOP plan becomes the new law, he and his wife would be kicked off  their insurance plans simply because their insurance would become  unaffordable.   If this is what the GOP has offered to fix their disastrous repeal,  then I am sad to say, my friends, you have missed the mark once again.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, if the GOP repeal is  enacted, 14 million Americans nationwide will be kicked off their  insurance coverage by the end of this year alone.   So let me be clear. The problem with the GOP repeal is that as  Americans age, they get less and less coverage. We need to protect  those Americans who are fast approaching their Medicare-eligible years  but who, for now, are still bearing the heaviest cost of private  insurance.   My motion to recommit makes this possible by turning this Band-Aid of  a bill into something that actually helps drive down costs for older  Americans. It does this by allowing insurance companies to take part in  the bill's safe harbor protections only if they charge individuals over  55 less than three times as much as younger Americans. Since insurance  companies consider these safe harbors critical for their survival, this  will reverse one of the worst parts of the Republican health plan,  allowing insurance companies to charge older Americans five times or  even more for health insurance.   I call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to show that  they aren't tone deaf and that they haven't lost touch with the needs  and wants of their constituents, and I urge my colleagues to vote in  favor of the motion to recommit so that we can protect our seniors and  the most vulnerable of Americans among us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   