 Amendment XIV, section 1:   ``All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject  to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of  the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law  which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the  United States; . . .''    Mr. Speaker, I stand here as a proud Jew and someone  who, throughout my entire life, has been an advocate for the State of  Israel, and I am standing here to oppose H. Res. 11.   As a Member of Congress, I have been committed to maintaining  America's unwavering support for Israel, which has lasted from the very  first moments of Israel's existence.   The U.S.-Israel bond is unbreakable, despite the fact that the United  States' administrations have not always agreed with the particular  policies of an Israeli Government. Contrary to the assertions of H.  Res. 11, the U.S. has often expressed those differences in the context  of the United Nations. Presidents, from Lyndon Johnson to George W.  Bush, have each vetoed and sometimes voted for a U.N. resolution  contrary to the wishes of Israel's Government at the time. Only the  Obama administration, until 2 weeks ago, never, ever cast a vote  against what Israel wanted.   But opposition to the building of settlements on land belonging to  Palestinians before the 1967 war--with the exception of the land, of  course, that is going to be swapped, agreed to by both parties--has  been the official U.S. policy for many decades, contrary, again, to the  assertions of H. Res. 11.   It has also been the policy of the United States to recognize that  the only long-term solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict--the  violence, the loss of life--is to create two states: one for the  Palestinians and one for Israel. A two-state solution is the only way  Israel can continue as both a democratic and a Jewish state, living in  the peace and security that has eluded her from the very beginning. The  building of settlements is an obstacle to achieving that goal.   And, of course, settlements aren't the only obstacle to Israeli- Palestinian peace. The U.S. resolution reiterates the Palestinian  Authority security forces must continue to counter terrorism and  condemn all of the provocations.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    I urge a ``no'' vote.   Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Poe), who has served for years as chairman of  the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and  Trade.   Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   The recent stunt at the United Nations targeting Israel is the latest  effort by this administration to cement a legacy of foreign policy that  has failed, especially with our trusted ally Israel. It has been U.S.  policy to veto any U.N. resolution dictating parameters on the Israeli- Palestinian peace process.   The reason is simple. True peace can only be achieved at the  negotiating table between the Palestinians and the Israelis, not at the  United Nations. The one-sided, anti-Israeli resolution will only make  peace harder.   The U.N. adopted 20 anti-Israeli resolutions last year, while passing  just 4 for the rest of the world. The U.N. is not fair and unbiased.  While pointing the finger solely at Israel, the recent resolution did  nothing to point out the Palestinians' lack of progress towards peace.   The Palestinian Authority has failed to stop violence against Jews.  It continues to--get this, Mr. Speaker--make payments to jailed  Palestinian terrorists who have harmed or killed Jews.   Over the years, Israel has traded land for promised peace. They have  no peace. And soon, if the United Nations gets its way, they will have  no land.   Despite the administration's policy of abandoning our trusted ally  Israel, the United States Congress must stand with our ally Israel.   And that is just the way it is.   