 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  resolution and efforts to roll back important protections for not only  our environment, but for American taxpayers.   Our Nation's public lands belong to all Americans, and they are  managed to balance many competing uses: recreation; responsible  economic development; sustainable resource extraction; yes, renewable  energy; military purposes; and conservation of historic American  landscapes, just to name a few. As such, they should be subject to  strong national standards that protect our shared water, shared lands,  wildlife, and the multiple uses they support.   It is also critical to remember that use of our public lands is a  privilege, not a right; and companies seeking to exercise that  privilege, whether they be fossil fuel companies or clean energy  companies developing wind, solar, and geothermal projects, should be  held to a very high standard to preserve and protect resources that  belong to all of the American people.   We must also make sure that the taxpayers get a fair return for the  use and development of our commonly shared resources. The Mineral  Leasing Act, as written by Congress, calls upon the Secretary of the  Interior to prevent the waste of oil and gas resources on public lands.   The Bureau of Land Management's methane waste rule achieves all of  these shared goals: the rule prevents the waste of resources that  belong to all American people, which, by law, it is required to do; it  reduces the amount of greenhouse gas pollution coming off our public  lands; and it increases royalty payments to Federal taxpayers and the  States.   The methane waste rule also supports job creation and American  innovation in new technologies. The methane mitigation industry is a  growing and emerging field that uses modern technologies to identify  and capture wasteful emissions. In fact, a 2014 report commissioned by  the Environmental Defense Fund found that methane mitigation companies  provide jobs in 46 States and support 102 manufacturing and assembly  locations, with 59 percent of all companies across the industry being  small businesses.   If Republicans had brought this resolution before the House Natural  Resources Committee, we could have more thoroughly examined its  negative impacts on job creation. Instead, it was rushed to the House  floor with only this 1 hour of debate.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution.   