 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 7.   We are only 10 days into this 115th Congress, and already Republicans  are bringing legislation to the floor to harm women's health. It is  clear that House Republicans do not respect women and our ability to  make our own decisions.   Millions of women peacefully marched in cities around the country and  around the world, yet here we are, once again, voting legislation to  give politicians more control over women's bodies than they have of  their own.   Let's be clear: the ultimate goal of this bill is to effectively  eliminate access to abortions, even when women pay for it themselves.  Seven in ten Americans believe that abortions should be safe and legal.  And just as we have seen in Texas, when women lose access to abortion,  they will take drastic action to seek back-alley abortions or to self- abort.   Let's remember that Roe v. Wade was not the beginning of women having  abortions. It was the end of women dying from abortions.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Yes, I am opposed to the bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise to offer the motion to recommit  on H.R. 7, the so-called No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion  Insurance Full Disclosure Act.   The motion to recommit is very simple. It would amend H.R. 7 to say  that nothing in this legislation would allow an insurance company to  charge women higher premiums than men just because they are women.   In the first few days of the Trump Presidency, we have seen one  action after another to discriminate against women, restrict access to  health services, and make their care more expensive. We also know that  Republicans are determined to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which  would, once again, allow insurance companies to discriminate against  women.   Repealing the ACA would be a triple whammy for women. Not only would  they have to pay more for their insurance, but their insurance would be  less likely to cover the services they need. And these higher costs  will take a bigger chunk out of their budget.   Before the ACA, insurers were able to exclude services critical to  women's health. And we are not just talking about preexisting  conditions, which, by the way, often included having a baby or being  the victim of domestic violence.   The benefit package itself left out medical care critical to women.  Only 12 percent of plans in the individual market offered maternity  coverage. And some insurance plans that offered that coverage imposed  waiting periods of a year or charges of up to $10,000 just for  maternity care. And even when maternity care was excluded from any  insurance plan, insurers still used gender rating to discriminate  against women, charging women more just because they were women,  regardless of their benefits. Being a woman was a preexisting  condition.   Thankfully, the ACA prohibits gender rating. Before the ACA, women  were forced to pay between 10 to 57 percent more than men for  essentially the same insurance. In my home State of Illinois, women  were charged 55 percent more than men for the same coverage. In fact, a  2012 National Women's Law Center study found that 92 percent of best- selling insurance plans were gender rated.   A 25-year-old woman in Arkansas was charged 81 percent more than a  man for similar coverage. A 40-year-old woman in South Dakota was  charged over $1,200 more a year than a 40-year-old man for the same  coverage. In Kentucky, women were charged 57 percent more than men for  the same coverage. In Texas, they were charged 56 percent more. In  Indiana, they were charged 54 percent more. And the list goes on.   This study even found that over half of all insurance plans charged  women who didn't smoke significantly higher premiums than men of the  same age who did smoke. Overall, gender rating cost American women  about $1 billion a year. It also harmed businesses with predominantly  female employees who were routinely charged more for their insurance  coverage.   Finally, charging women more for health care is even more devastating  when you take into account that women still make only 77 cents to the  dollar compared to men. We cannot go back to the days when insurance  companies were free to discriminate against women. But that is exactly  what Republicans want to do. They want women to pay more for insurance  coverage that doesn't include the services they need.   So I am asking my colleagues to support the motion to recommit and  protect women from discrimination by insurance companies.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   