 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am deeply relieved that the majority  leader has delayed a vote on the Republican's cruel bill to rip up  healthcare for 22 million people. People in Massachusetts and across  this country spoke out against this terrible bill, and today they  proved they can make their voices heard. But let's be clear. The  Republican's so-called healthcare bill has come back to life already  more times than the scariest zombie in a horror movie. Despite how  deeply unpopular this bill is and how hurtful it would be to families  across the country, Senator McConnell says he intends to vote as soon  as the Senate returns in a little more than a week. That means that  Senate Republicans still stand on the brink of passing legislation that  will end health insurance coverage for 22 million people in America.   Make no mistake, if this plan passes, the rich will get richer and  other people will die. I know that is a strong statement, and I know  some people don't want to hear it. I know some people will hear it, but  they don't want to believe it. But facts matter, and here is the fact  that Republicans simply want to ignore: People without healthcare  coverage are more likely to die than people with healthcare coverage.  For many Americans, health insurance is a matter of life and death.  Decades of rigorous academic research back this up. The data show that  people with no health insurance die earlier than those with coverage.   For example, a 2009 study published in the American Journal of Public  Health found that uninsured people died at significantly faster rates  than those with insurance. The authors claimed that lack of health  insurance was associated with nearly 45,000 American lives lost in just  1 year. So 45,000 American lives were lost in 1 year. That is more  people in this country dying for lack of health insurance than from  breast cancer, and the impact isn't limited to adults. Johns Hopkins  researchers found that sick kids without insurance who end up in the  hospital are 60 percent more likely to die than the children down the  hall who had health insurance.   In 2012, a study in the New England Journal of Medicine compared  States that expanded Medicaid, which provided coverage to millions of  low-income Americans, to those that didn't. They found that for every  hundred thousand people in States that did not expand Medicaid, nearly  20 more people die every year than in the States that expanded  Medicaid. That is right. More people died in States that refused to  expand Medicaid.   Now, we know a lot about this in Massachusetts, which has been one of  the best test cases for understanding how insurance affects death  rates. We have been working for years--long before the Affordable Care  Act--to expand health coverage. Today, with the help of the Affordable  Care Act, more than 97 percent of people in Massachusetts have health  insurance. That is the highest coverage rate in the entire country.   Researchers from Harvard and the Urban Institute studied our health  reforms to figure out the impact of expanding coverage. Their results,  a 2014 study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine, found that  Massachusetts health reform was associated with a 4.5-percent drop in  preventable deaths. These data suggest that, nationwide, the ACA's  coverage expansions are already preventing 24,000  [[Page S3794]]  deaths a year, and it is in effect in only 31 of the 50 States.   I could keep going, but the consensus is clear. A new study, hot off  the press, in the Annals of Internal Medicine put it bluntly: ``The  case for coverage is strong.'' The reasons are actually pretty  straightforward. People who don't have access to high-quality,  affordable care--people who work as hard as they can but just don't  have the money--can't go to the doctor when they need to; can't get  preventive care, such as breast cancer screenings and vaccinations; and  can't fill the prescriptions they need to stay healthy.   When someone doesn't have coverage, they typically wait to go to the  doctor until things get really bad--when the cough turns into a rattle,  when the lump gets too scary to ignore or the backache makes it  impossible to even to walk. This is the reason why everyone who  actually works in healthcare--doctors, nurses, hospitals, patient  groups, researchers, experts--is coming out against the Republican  bill.   The American Medical Association--the nation's largest association of  doctors--says that the Republican bill violates the most basic  principle of medicine: ``First, do no harm.''   The National Council for Behavioral Health, whose 2,900 member  organizations provide mental healthcare and addiction treatment to 10  million Americans, said the bill would ``cost hundreds of thousands of  lives.''   National Nurses United, representing 150,000 registered nurses across  the country, said the bill would ``prove to be deadly for our nation's  seniors.''   The President of a leading coalition of safety-net hospitals said  about the Republican bill: ``Let's not mince words. . . . People will  die.''   If the Republican bill passes, ``people will die.'' That is what the  healthcare professionals are telling us. The Republican plan is to kick  22 million people off their health insurance. They want to slash tax  credits that help people afford their premiums. They want to open the  door to insurance companies to offer plans with higher costs and less  coverage.   And why? Nothing in this bill--not one thing--improves healthcare for  anyone--not one thing. No, the only reason for this bill is to finance  $569 billion in tax cuts for a handful of millionaires and  billionaires.   There has been a lot of concern about the discussion of healthcare  getting overheated. The facts do not lie. The academic studies don't  mince words. If the Republican healthcare bill passes, tens of  thousands of people in this country will die every year.   Republicans can ignore these facts. They can turn away from these  studies. They can pretend they don't know what is going on. But the  people who lose their healthcare--the babies, the women, the seniors in  nursing homes, the people with disabilities, the workers who get hurt  on the job, the people who get hit by heart attacks and strokes and  diabetes--will suffer all the same.   Yes, if the Republicans go forward with their bill, people will die.  Those are the facts. We have less than 2 weeks to make sure the  Republicans hear from everyone in this country who wants them to  abandon this terrible bill once and for all.   I yield the floor.   