 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Brady) for his leadership, and I thank Chairman Harper for his as well.  I thank them for bringing this legislation to the floor.   Here it is, November 29, 2017, an historic day in the history of the  Congress, a watershed moment in our Congress' history because it is a  day in which we will take the opportunity to make change. This body is  taking a constructive first step to protect all Members of our  legislative community from harassment and discrimination in the  workplace. This vote is vital to upholding the integrity of the U.S.  Congress.   We are grateful for the tremendous leadership of Congresswoman Jackie  Speier. I have observed her leadership on this subject for a very long  time. She has a lifetime commitment to exposing and ending the scourge  of sexual harassment. I thank her for that leadership.   I want to also acknowledge my own daughter, Christine Pelosi, who is  the chair of the Women's Caucus of the California Democratic Party. She  is a former prosecutor in San Francisco and prosecuted these cases, and  she has been a strong, strong advocate for protecting people in the  workplace and has had some level of success with that.   So here we are at this watershed moment in the nationwide fight  against sexual harassment and discrimination. Brave women in every  corner of the country and in every industry are making their voices  heard. As Members of Congress, we have a moral duty to show real,  effective leadership to foster a climate of respect and dignity in the  workplace, with absolutely zero tolerance for harassment,  discrimination, or abuse. Anything less is unacceptable.   Requiring the Members and the staff to take training, while  valuable--and we must have it--must be only a first step. We must make  sure that that training is very effective as well. But the next step  for Congress to take is to pass the ME TOO Congress Act, introduced by  Congresswoman Speier, to create greater transparency and accountability  in the broken reporting and settlements system.   Taxpayer money should not have been spent to build a culture of  silence and complicity around workplace harassment. We must make a  judgment about how that was used. This bill, the ME TOO Congress Act,  will reform the shameful secret settlements policy that has persisted.  It will ensure that survivors who wish to share their stories publicly  can come forward, and they can come forward to the Ethics Committee.   We want to create a culture that says to everyone who comes to work  here: This will be hospitable for you. We want it to be a culture that  is a model to the Nation.   In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, this moment is a moment of truth  for Congress. It is disappointing and disturbing that some in the  Capitol have not served with the dignity and respect required of this  office. It is very hard to accept that people we admire in public life  and here in Congress have crossed the line and broken the public trust  and violated the dignity and respect of those who have worked for or  with them.   But zero tolerance means consequences for everyone. No matter your  contribution to our country, you do not get a pass to harass or  discriminate. No matter how great the legacy, it is not a license to  harass or abuse.   To the victims of harassment and abuse: We hear you, and we believe  you. We are here for you.   Where there is harassment, women and men must have support to come  forward. We have a duty, again, to address their concerns and provide  them needed resources.   We don't want to lose the leadership or service of any patriot who  comes to work in or around Congress. We cannot let harassment or  discrimination destroy their safety or drive them out of public office.  We cannot tell young  [[Page H9493]]  women or men who aspire to serve in this historic body that they must  put up with harassment and abuse.   Mr. Speaker, I want to just close by again thanking Congresswoman  Jackie Speier for her leadership and thanking Chairman Harper, Mr.  Brady, and all who are concerned.   It is utterly unconscionable that courageous survivors who seek to  end the nightmare of sexual harassment are also dealt the injustice of  having their voices silenced. During this watershed moment, we must  seize the moment and take real, lasting action. The eyes of the country  are on us. We cannot fail them or any prospective victims.    I thank all of those who have brought this to the floor:  Congresswoman Comstock, Mr. Harper, Mr. Brady, and Congresswoman  Speier.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong, unanimous vote on this resolution.   