 Mr. Speaker, President Trump promised his healthcare  plan would be ``much better health care at a much lower cost.''  Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price even promised ``nobody  will be  [[Page H2418]]  worse off financially.'' In reality, of course, the TrumpCare bill will  leave just about everybody worse off, with less care at a higher cost.   This bad bill would rip health insurance money away from millions of  people--24 million over 10 years, and 14 million next year alone.   Americans who are lucky enough to hold on to coverage if this bill  becomes law will pay more for it in premiums, deductibles, and other  out-of-pocket costs, especially people age 50 and up.   Mr. Speaker, the deals that were cut last night to win more  Republican votes for TrumpCare would be even more devastating. Trips to  the emergency room, mental health and substance abuse treatment,  maternity care both before and after birth, prescription drugs, lab  tests, and more essential services could be cut.   Apparently, some people don't think these services deserve guaranteed  health insurance. They would let insurers sell skimpy plans that don't  even cover patients' basic needs.   Democrats believe we can, and should, work together to improve the  ACA, not to work on a misguided bill that would gut it.   We owe this to folks like Amanda Miller of Denver. Amanda changed  jobs last year. During her period of unemployment, she and her husband  decided the smart thing to do was to get coverage to fill the gap.  Thank God they did.   Shortly after that, she and her husband got into a serious car  accident. Amanda walked away unscathed, but her husband was badly  injured. She could see more of his skull than she could see of his  scalp. Luckily, there were some nurses in a car behind them, and they  stabilized him and took him to the emergency room.   Their hospital bill of $16,000 was paid in full, thanks to Amanda's  coverage through the ACA. What do we say to Amanda? Can we guarantee  her better insurance and a better financial situation? I don't think  so.   Let's defeat this bill, and let's start working towards a good one  that will cover everybody.   