 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and the  leaders of our comittee for their bipartisan efforts. It is very  appreciated.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation that  directs the State Department and USAID to support programs and educate  displaced children, with a special focus on girls.   When you look at the horrors of the world, from South Sudan to Burma,  to Syria, think about the fact that there are 55 million displaced  children, 28 million refugee children that have been uprooted from  their homes due to violence and poverty, and making up half of all the  refugees.   Here is the thing. What happens when a young person has no hope, no  education, no future potential of a good  [[Page H7700]]  job to one day take care of their family? Will they become victims of  trafficking or vibrant members of society? Will these millions of  children become our friends or foes? Will the communities they live in  be our trading partners or havens for terrorists?   Around the world, only a quarter of refugee children are enrolled in  secondary school, and the number, as my colleagues have pointed out, is  even worse for girls. Just seven girls for every ten refugee boys are  enrolled in secondary school. We are talking about a lost generation.   In Syria alone, over 5,000 schools have been destroyed. Just ask a  young lady named Muzoon. She is known as the Malala of Syria. At age  15, she fled her besieged home in Syria. When she was told to bring  only her essentials, she packed a suitcase full of books because she  knows, ``That education is a shield that we can use to protect  ourselves in life.'' She even went door to door in refugee camps to  convince parents to keep their daughters in school instead of  pressuring them into early marriage.   Muzoon knows and we know that when girls are educated, they lead to  healthier, more productive lives that enhance the economy and the  peacefulness of their societies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this fine legislation.    Madam Speaker, today I rise for Donna. This  is her story:  [[Page H7722]]    She said it was a miracle. At age 41, she was finally pregnant. Early  blood tests and ultrasound showed a healthy fetus. Donna was filled  with the joy of an expectant mother. Then tragedy struck. Her fetus  stopped growing at 26 weeks. An ultrasound showed anencephaly, a fetus  without a brain, a fetus that could not sustain life on its own.   Madam Speaker, this 20-week abortion bill is cruel punishment for  women like Donna, forcing them to face weeks of pregnant agony with no  hope for the life that they so wanted. This is a bill that inflicts  pain, not stops it, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   