 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Women  in Aerospace Education Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague,  Congressman Knight, for working with me to address critical workforce  needs and bridge the gender gap in the aerospace industry.   Mr. Speaker, quite simply, we do not have enough skilled aerospace  workers in America, and the problem is growing worse. According to a  2015 Aviation Week Workforce Study, nearly one-fifth--one-fifth--of our  aerospace engineers are now eligible for retirement. What is more,  women only account for  [[Page H10161]]  about 15 percent of all aerospace engineers. That means that women  represent a tremendous opportunity, an untapped resource for a sector  vital to our economy and to our national security.   Bringing women to the table is not only the right thing to do, it is  the smart and necessary thing to do in order to keep America  competitive in a 21st century economy.   Women provide new and essential perspective in the workplace, driving  innovation and strengthening our ability to address new challenges.  With an aging workforce, we must do everything in our power to broaden  and deepen the pool of skilled workers and provide all Americans with  the skills they need to compete in a global economy.    Aerospace companies in northwest and central Connecticut, like  Ensign-Bickford, Praxair, and United Technologies Corporation, have  shared with me for years their concerns about this aging workforce.  That is because they are looking down the line, and they know that if  they don't diversify their workforce soon, shortages of skilled workers  could force these companies to relocate or even leave the United  States.   Our bill, the Women in Aerospace Education Act, addresses the need to  expand and diversify the STEM workforce in two ways.   First, our bill supports hands-on experiences for teachers. The Women  in Aerospace Education Act does this by encouraging universities  applying for Noyce grants to incorporate aerospace working and learning  experiences at the national laboratories and NASA centers into their  fellowship programs.   Second, our bill specifically targets diversifying the aerospace  workforce by allowing the National Science Foundation to prioritize  women and other underrepresented groups working in aerospace  engineering when awarding the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship grants.   Noyce teacher grants play a vital role in placing STEM teachers in  rural or lower-income school districts, which all too often do not have  access to the resources, to give students robust hands-on science. Our  bill will help ensure that more female STEM teachers will enter  classrooms with firsthand knowledge of how aerospace technologies are  strengthening America's future.   This is important. This is important because it is a fact that girls  who have women science teachers are more likely to consider a career in  the sciences, and teachers who are exposed to hands-on, real-life  science are better able to kindle that interest in science among their  students.   Let me give you an example of what a difference these efforts will  make. Kelley Johnson is a member of my STEM Advisory Board. She is a  founder and president of Doors to Explore, Incorporated, a startup in  my district that provides an online resource for young people to  explore STEM careers.   Growing up, Kelley had no idea what aerospace engineering was; that  is, until a local company donated a Wang computer to her high school,  which allowed her to take her first computer science classes. Kelley  went on to work at NASA where she designed electronics for two  satellites. Her time at NASA was instrumental in developing her  critical thinking skills and provided her with an even stronger  foundation in STEM that she has used in every job since.   Kelley's early exposure to computer science and her work at NASA  launched her into a successful career in STEM, and she is now sharing  that with a new generation of students.   I am committed to making Kelley's experience available to young women  and men all across this country who would thrive from mentorship from  female science teachers or work experience at NASA or the national  labs.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Knight for his leadership on this  bill and on this important issue. I urge my colleagues to support the  Women in Aerospace Education Act.   