 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to the ``Smoggy  Skies Act,'' a bill that would effectively gut the Clean Water Act.   I represent one of the most heavily polluted districts in California.  As a matter of fact, sometimes kids in my district walk around with  inhalers around their necks.   When I was a kid, my father had a home next to the freeway, and I  first thought it was a great place to live because it was conveniently  by the freeway, and what I later learned about air pollution and smog  and the ozone layer, I knew it was not a good thing. When I see kids in  my district walk around with inhalers, it just breaks my heart.   Every day, many of my constituents, people of color and low income,  are surrounded by oil refineries, major highways, and industrial  activities. These activities generate ozone pollution, the key  ingredient for smog. It is dangerous. It is deadly.   Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced the ozone in our air,  protecting Americans against health problems, including asthma and  heart attacks, shortness of breath, low birth weight, and premature  death. Clean air is a good investment. The benefits of a  [[Page H5952]]  healthy environment pay off in worker productivity and longevity.  Unhealthy people can't work or go to school, which is also a problem in  my district where only 10 percent of students go on to college.   Oftentimes, it is a cycle. They are outside, they breathe in the  dirty air, they get sick, they have asthma, they have to go to the  doctor, and they miss school. That is only contributing to the low  graduation rates that we are seeing happen in my district.   Smog is not only harmful to health, I think it is harmful especially  in young children, in our seniors, and in some of our most vulnerable  communities.   Over a third of the U.S. population lives in areas with unhealthy  ozone levels--areas that would have to clean up the air under the new  and improved 2015 ozone standards.   The ``Smoggy Skies Act'' is the latest in a series of congressional  attempts to gut the Clean Air Act and block or delay lifesaving  standards and protection.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 806, the  ``Smoggy Skies Act.''   