 Mr. President, the National Defense Authorization Act  before us is more than just an important defense policy bill; it shows  what we value as a nation.   In Michigan, we value our freedom. We cherish the rights we enjoy as  citizens of this great country. Above all, we honor those brave men and  women who are willing to lay down their lives to protect our freedom  and defend our rights.   We also value our workers and our businesses. You put Michigan's  workers and entrepreneurs on a level playing field, and they will out- work, out-build, and out-imagine anybody anywhere.   I am standing here today because within the NDAA is an important  opportunity to not just meet the needs of our national defense but also  to help create good-paying American jobs in Michigan and across the  country. It is true that we can't have a strong economy without a  strong military, but it is also true that when we invest in businesses  that are creating good-paying jobs here at home, we are improving our  own security. I have seen evidence of this in Michigan.   In 2015, I was honored to lead the first-ever instate Michigan  delegation to tour all of our State's military installations. We  started at Selfridge Air National Guard Base, which has just celebrated  100 great years of service to our Nation. We then went to TACOM/TARDEC,  which--both are the people on the front lines for our Army with  research as well as making sure they have the vehicles and the supplies  and everything they need to be able to do their jobs and protect us. We  went to Camp Graying, Battle Creek, and Fort Custer. We saw firsthand  how critical their work is, not just for our national defense but also  to Michigan's economy and jobs.   During the past 2 years, I have had the opportunity to visit over 120  small businesses all around Michigan. That is a very inspiring thing to  do--talking with people who put their own dollars and sweat and tears  into creating a business, products and services they care deeply and  passionately about.   One of those visits really stood out to me--the connection between  our defense and jobs. R.A. Miller Industries--RAMI for short--is a  Grand Haven manufacturer of high-tech products for our military,  including very high-tech antennas. Clear communication--the kind  provided by RAMI's talented workforce--is critical to the success of  military missions.   RAMI's CEO told me that the Buy American Act--a law passed in 1933  that gives priority to American companies when the Federal Government  purchases goods--was no longer working. We checked into it, and it  turns out that he was absolutely right.   This is no small deal. The U.S. Federal Government is the single  largest purchaser of goods and services in the world, spending some  $450 billion annually on everything from file folders to fighter jets.  ``Buy American'' rules exist because we as a nation believe that when  we invest taxpayer dollars to buy products, we ought to be supporting  American companies that are creating good-paying American jobs. It is  simple common sense, but over time, we seem to have lost some of that  sense.   Thanks to loopholes and waivers, American workers are missing out on  a whole lot of jobs they could be doing, things they could be making.  The biggest of these loopholes allows the Department of Defense to  waive ``Buy American'' rules for products used overseas. Yes, the DOD  uses a whole lot of products overseas. In fact, between 2001 and 2016,  the Department of Defense spent more than $35 billion on over 150,000  items--including motorcycles and radios and even airplane engines--that  didn't meet ``Buy American'' rules. That is 150,000 motorcycles,  radios, airplane engines, and more that could have been made by  American companies like RAMI and by American workers in Michigan and  across the country.   That is not right. It is not smart. It makes no sense for American  workers--certainly not for the people I represent in Michigan, where we  know how to make a lot of different kinds of things very well--and it  makes no sense for American taxpayers. That is why I am introducing  three amendments to toughen up our ``Buy American'' requirements so  that American workers and businesses come first, where they belong.   The first amendment is simple. It would stop the overseas exemption  in the Buy American Act and require the Department of Defense to  prioritize products made in the United States. We know there are from  time to time reasons why maybe we need a waiver, but we should not have  this gigantic hole in ``Buy American'' provisions by having these  overseas exemptions. In Michigan, our defense industry supports more  than 105,000 jobs. It is only right that we should invest in American  companies, not the competition.   My second amendment would require the Government Accountability  Office to review ``Buy American'' training practices so that contracts  and personnel can better comply with current law.   The third amendment would require the Department of Defense to work  with the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, which I was pleased to  help create years ago, to identify more small- and medium-sized  manufacturers that can provide products that comply with ``Buy  American'' standards.   I know we have the businesses and the workers. We need to be paying  attention to this and making it a priority.   When a mom and dad in Saginaw sit down to do their taxes, I want them  to know the hard-earned money they are spending for our national  defense is creating jobs here at home--preferably in Michigan. At the  same time, I want businesses and workers from Mackinaw City to Macomb  County, Muskegon to Grand Marais, to have the opportunity to contribute  to not just our economy but our national security.   We all talk about how America's workers are the best in the world. It  is time to prove that we mean it.   The father of a former Member of this Chamber had a great way of  saying this, and I would like to end by quoting him. This is former  Vice President Joe Biden: ``My dad used to have an expression. Don't  tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you  value.''   Unfortunately, loopholes like the overseas exemption suggest that we  don't value American jobs, American workers, American businesses. They  suggest that we think it is no big deal to buy products from a company  in another country that can be made in Battle Creek, MI, or Detroit or  Flint or Grand Rapids or anywhere across Michigan or anyplace in the  country, for that matter. They suggest that we think it is fine to  create jobs for workers in Munich when we have workers in Marquette,  MI, who are just as talented, just as able, and just as ready--I would  argue more so--to get to work to keep us safe.   Michigan workers--American workers will out-work, out-build, and out- imagine anyone. It is time to make sure that they are at the front of  the line for good-paying jobs, that we are focused on making sure they  have jobs, and that we are putting them to work.   I am hopeful that colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support  these amendments to move us a step forward in that direction.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   