 Mr. Speaker, I thank our esteemed chairman for the  time.   This resolution, Mr. Speaker, will not undo the damage that has been  done at the Security Council, but it sends an important message to the  world that the United States Congress resoundingly and in a strong  bipartisan manner disapproves of the vote taken on Resolution 2334, and  it sends a warning to the nations that will gather in Paris next week  to discuss the peace process that there will be repercussions if there  is a move to introduce a parameters resolution before the 20th in an  effort to further isolate Israel.   Our closest friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel,  has been under constant attack by the United Nations. Abu Mazen and the  Palestinians have pushed a campaign to delegitimize the Jewish state,  to undermine the peace process, to achieve unilateral statehood  recognition. We have seen it this year at UNESCO, where that sham of an  institution voted on several occasions to deny and distance Jewish and  Christian historical and cultural ties to Jerusalem.   We have seen it at the Human Rights Council, where Israel is  constantly demonized and falsely accused of human rights violations  while the real abusers of human rights go unpunished because that body  has utterly failed to uphold its mandate. This is a body that allows  the worst abusers of human rights--like Cuba, Venezuela, and China--to  actually sit in judgment of human rights worldwide. What a pathetic  joke. Yet the only thing they can agree on is to attack Israel, the  only democracy in the Middle East and the only place in the region  where human rights are protected.    We have seen this scheme to delegitimize Israel at the General  Assembly, where, in its closing legislative session, the General  Assembly passed 20--20--anti-Israel resolutions and only 4, combined,  for the entire world.   These institutions have no credibility, and now we have the  unfortunate circumstance of the White House deciding to abstain from  this anti-Israel, one-sided resolution at the Security Council. Our  ally was abandoned, and credibility and momentum were given to the  Palestinian schemes to delegitimize the Jewish state, to undermine the  peace process.   While the damage has been done, Mr. Speaker, by this act of cowardice  at the Security Council, we will have an opportunity to reverse that  damage. In the coming weeks and months, this Congress and the incoming  administration must show unyielding support for our ally Israel and  undo the damage done.   This resolution by the chairman and the ranking member is an all- important first step that signals our intent. I urge my colleagues to  support this measure, and I look forward to working with Chairman Royce  and Ranking Member Engel in further strengthening our U.S.-Israel bond.   