 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2288,  the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017, as  amended.   First, I want to thank our excellent chairman, Dr. Roe, and ranking  member, Mr. Walz, for their dedication and hard work. It has been a  pleasure to work on this important legislation during my first term as  ranking member of the Veterans Affairs' Committee Disability Assistance  and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee.   I want to give special thanks to my new friend, our subcommittee  chairman, Mr. Bost, for his leadership on this issue and for ensuring  that the legislative process was bipartisan at every turn.   I want to acknowledge and thank Congresswoman Dina Titus for her  leadership on this issue, as she helped pass similar legislation that  formed the basis for our work here in this Congress.   Mr. Speaker, claims appeals are backing up. Veterans in Connecticut  and across the country are waiting for far too long for the benefits  they have earned through their hard service to this country.   When a veteran asks my office for help appealing their claim, it is  frustrating and embarrassing to have to explain that the process could  take more than 5 years. The backlog will only get worse if we do not  reform the process. Some veterans could be waiting as long as 10 years,  as we have heard from Chairman Roe and from Ranking Member Walz, if we  don't reform things now.   With the new process created under this bill, if it is properly  implemented, many veterans would see a clearer, definitive appeals  decision in as little as a year. I have seen in Connecticut that, when  an appeal is granted, it can change the way a veteran lives. But it is  also proof to that veteran that their service is being honored.   That is why it is so unacceptable that the current process is failing  so many veterans. It forces them to navigate layers of red tape and  duplicative review. The slow grinding of the appeals process chips away  at our veterans' faith that they will ever be fairly compensated for  injuries that they sustained in service to our country.   Our goal with this bill is to establish a new process that is simple,  fair, transparent, and, wherever possible, speedy.   As we have heard, there are 470,000--yes, 470,000--veterans with  disability appeals pending right now, and that is something we should  be able to address, Democrats and Republicans, without regard to party.  We owe a faster, better appeals process not only to our veterans who  have served, but to those who wear the uniform right now.   Our men and women in uniform deserve to know that the benefits that  they have been promised when they signed up will be there for them if,  God forbid, something happens to them and they are injured in serving  our country.   I would like to thank all of the veterans and veterans service  organizations who shared their ideas and their concerns with us as we  worked hard to craft this legislation. Voices from the veterans  community were invaluable as we developed this bill and will be  essential as we move forward to ensure that the new process works well.   I also want to thank the VA itself for having been such a good  partner in this effort. It is important to remember that this is just  the first step towards reforming the appeals process. If this bill is  going to be successful, it will require a lot of work from our  committee, from the VA, oversight by Congress, and we must take care to  ensure that legacy appeals do not get lost in the process. Congress  must also provide the resources necessary for the new appeals system to  work well for our veterans.    I want to thank, again, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz for  making reforming the appeals system a top priority of the committee for  this year and for their dedication working together in a bipartisan  way.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation and  to commit to keep working together to get the job done.   