 Mr. President, instead of focusing on bipartisan reforms  to improve access to healthcare for the American people, Republicans  are again pursuing divisive policies that jeopardize women's health and  put politics, politicians, and the government between a woman and her  doctor. This measure that we are debating this afternoon attacks a  critical healthcare program known as the Title X Family Planning  Program.   The Title X Family Planning Program provides basic healthcare, like  cancer screenings, contraception, and HIV testing to more than 4  million women and men. This politically motivated provision that we  have before us today would allow States to discriminate against trusted  health providers like Planned Parenthood. In eight counties in  Wisconsin, Planned Parenthood is the only health clinic that provides  the full range of publicly funded contraceptive services.   I met with Laurie from Bristol, WI, who told me that as a young  teacher, she went to Planned Parenthood and they discovered that she  had cysts and tumors in her ovaries. The providers immediately helped  her get the care she needed. She had quick surgery and was able to  recover, which allowed her to eventually have a family.   Republicans are playing doctor and telling women they can't access  basic primary and preventive healthcare services at the health center  of their choice. This would cut off access to care for millions of men  and women, prohibiting access to high-quality, preventive services just  because of the sign on the door. They would prevent women like Laurie  from accessing lifesaving services when they need it the most.   We have already seen too many States enact record numbers of laws and  regulations that restrict a woman's access to reproductive health  services and the freedom to make her own healthcare decisions. In my  home State of Wisconsin, our Republican Governor has signed a number of  laws that target healthcare providers and simply have left far too many  Wisconsin women out in the cold. He signed a law that forces women to  undergo unnecessary and invasive medical procedures, and he has imposed  unreasonable requirements on the doctors that deliver care to women. He  has worked to close health clinics, including several Planned  Parenthood clinics. But he hasn't stopped there. He also signed two  laws that would effectively defund Wisconsin Planned Parenthood, which  could leave thousands of Wisconsinites without access to critical  health services.   The threat in Wisconsin and in States across the country--and right  here in Congress--is clear: Politicians across the country are playing  doctor, and this is a dangerous game for women and their families. The  millions of Americans who rely on title X for primary care and their  trusted providers are being held hostage. They are being used as a  political punching bag by congressional Republicans. Their agenda is to  attack women's health.   Women's access to comprehensive healthcare--the healthcare they need  and deserve--should never depend upon their ZIP Code. So I urge my  colleagues to oppose this dangerous measure and to protect title X  programs for all of our families.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   