 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this side of the Capitol is obviously  sending our thoughts and prayers to colleagues in the House of  Representatives--particularly, to Congressman Scalise--and to the other  wounded law enforcement individuals and staff. Certainly, our hearts  and prayers go out to those individuals too.   These men and women who protect us every day here in the Capitol do  an outstanding job. We really want to make sure they understand how  important it is and how much we appreciate their protection of us and  the security they provide to everyone here in the Capitol.  [[Page S3472]]    (The remarks of Ms. Cantwell and Ms. Collins pertaining to the  introduction of S. 1352 are printed in today's Record under  ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with  my colleague from Maine to talk about an important issue, as well,  something we had long planned to introduce today and did so this  morning--the reintroduction of a Senate bill focusing on apprentice  programs.   My colleague Senator Collins and I, in the past Congress, wanted to  make sure people understood how important we thought the apprentice  program was, and we introduced legislation then to create a Federal  incentive for apprentice programs. We are coming back now in this  Congress and reintroducing this legislation.   I know there has been a lot of talk about apprentices this week. We  just had a roundtable discussion this morning with some of our business  and labor leaders talking about the skills gap and the need for more  apprentice investing as it relates to manufacturing. I know the  President is doing some discussion of the apprentice program too.  Obviously, it is no surprise to anybody in America that the President  knows--or at least has used--the word ``apprentice'' in a pretty  aggressive way throughout his career. So I hope he will tune in and  listen to what my colleague from Maine and I have to say about this.   We are saying that it is time in America to have a Federal priority  on apprentices; that is, the first-ever tax incentive for hiring an  apprentice. Why do we want a Federal priority? Because we know that in  America we need to skill and train a workforce for tomorrow, and so  many people in America aren't training and aren't skilling for those  jobs.   In the downturn of our economy, a lot of people lost faith. What  should they invest their time and money in? There was so much  transition in the economy that people weren't sure where they should  skill themselves. As we see a transitioning economy now in various  sectors, as they continue to modernize, and as technology continues to  change, people also say to themselves: What should I skill myself in?  What should I get trained in? Because they are not sure that, at the  end of that period, they will be right there with what the job market  wants. That is why apprenticeship is so important today.   By giving a Federal incentive for the apprentice program, we are  saying: Hire and train. We are actually saying: The apprentice program  is earning while you learn, and it will help so many Americans take  that issue off the table where they weren't sure whether or how they  should skill themselves. They actually are hired and trained on the  job.   This is something we have known as a country for a long time. We know  the apprentice program has worked. We have seen it across many sectors,  in building trades and construction. We have seen it in other areas. In  aviation, for example, in the Pacific Northwest, the Boeing Company has  taken great advantage of the apprentice program. There are so many  other sectors. The maritime sector has taken advantage of the  apprentice programs. What we are saying today is that we need to make  this a national priority in a more aggressive way. The Department of  Labor and registered apprentice programs are part of what we make an  investment in here in the Federal budget. But what we are not doing is  putting it on steroids, and that is what we need to do now.   Our legislation would create enough incentives for 500,000 new  apprentice program individuals over the next 10 years. We think this is  critically important because we know how much the U.S. economy needs  these skilled workers. According to the National Skills Coalition, 53  percent of U.S. jobs are middle-skilled, meaning that they require some  postsecondary education. Yet only 43 percent of U.S. workers are  trained at that level. According to the National Association of  Manufacturers, 67 percent of their members report a shortage of  available, qualified workers. We are going to need 3.5 million  manufacturing jobs over the next decade, and this leaves us with a  shortage of about 2 million.   So we need to give our businesses the skill levels they are looking  for so they can be competitive, so they can meet their market needs,  and so they can make profits and help grow our economy. We can't let  them be deterred by the fact that they have the opening and they have  the jobs, but they just don't have the skill level. By doing an  incentive program, we can help get a national message out: The  apprentice program is a key part of our economic strategy, and skilling  a workforce for the jobs of today and tomorrow is the best recipe for  growing our economy.   There has been an overall decline in employer-provided training over  the last two decades. By making this investment now, we are going to  help U.S. businesses with the investment that should be made and,  further, as I said, expedite getting people into the programs we need  to get them into. If we are going to be competitive and our businesses  are going to compete in this global economy and they are going to  continue to innovate, they need the workforce to do it.   I think about the chip fabrication industry. Before Intel came along,  probably no one knew how to do chip fabrication. But there was a sector  of our economy that taught and educated people on chip manufacturing.  That will not be the last innovation our economy sees. In aerospace, we  have been able to, with composite manufacturing, make lighter weight  planes. That composite was a huge shift from the aluminum that  dominated aerospace. But composite manufacturing is a whole new skill  level in which we are still training and educating the workforce. We  need to compete in that sector, which is so important to manufacturing  jobs.   I would say that every aspect of our economy needs apprentices. But  what does the apprentice get out of it? Not only do they get a job and  they get to be skilled on the job, but they also earn more. Over the  course of their career, a registered apprentice earns about $300,000  more than a non-apprentice working in the same field. A study done by  our State Workforce Training and Education Coordinating Board found  that completing apprentices earned $13,000 more per year just as they  started.   So apprentices are a win-win for us and our economy. They give the  employer the skills they are seeking to make their companies  successful, and the individual worker gets trained and hired in a field  that takes away this uncertainty about our economy, which has so  plagued us over the last decade or two, and the community gets a more  successful employment base and successful companies that add to the  economy of a region and to our country.   I am so glad to be here with my colleague Senator Collins, who has  [[Page S3490]]  known that this apprentice program has been a success, and that is why  she and I have partnered for years on this program. We hope now that by  reintroducing it and getting more of our colleagues to join in, they,  too, will talk about why apprentices are so important today.   We hope there is a guy down the street in the White House, who had a  program called ``Apprentice,'' who takes seriously the bipartisan  effort of two Senators who have been at this for a few years, and says:  This is where we should be spending our money and making an investment  to skill, educate, and employ Americans right now, for today.   I yield to my colleague from Maine.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with  my colleague from Maine to talk about an important issue, as well,  something we had long planned to introduce today and did so this  morning--the reintroduction of a Senate bill focusing on apprentice  programs.   My colleague Senator Collins and I, in the past Congress, wanted to  make sure people understood how important we thought the apprentice  program was, and we introduced legislation then to create a Federal  incentive for apprentice programs. We are coming back now in this  Congress and reintroducing this legislation.   I know there has been a lot of talk about apprentices this week. We  just had a roundtable discussion this morning with some of our business  and labor leaders talking about the skills gap and the need for more  apprentice investing as it relates to manufacturing. I know the  President is doing some discussion of the apprentice program too.  Obviously, it is no surprise to anybody in America that the President  knows--or at least has used--the word ``apprentice'' in a pretty  aggressive way throughout his career. So I hope he will tune in and  listen to what my colleague from Maine and I have to say about this.   We are saying that it is time in America to have a Federal priority  on apprentices; that is, the first-ever tax incentive for hiring an  apprentice. Why do we want a Federal priority? Because we know that in  America we need to skill and train a workforce for tomorrow, and so  many people in America aren't training and aren't skilling for those  jobs.   In the downturn of our economy, a lot of people lost faith. What  should they invest their time and money in? There was so much  transition in the economy that people weren't sure where they should  skill themselves. As we see a transitioning economy now in various  sectors, as they continue to modernize, and as technology continues to  change, people also say to themselves: What should I skill myself in?  What should I get trained in? Because they are not sure that, at the  end of that period, they will be right there with what the job market  wants. That is why apprenticeship is so important today.   By giving a Federal incentive for the apprentice program, we are  saying: Hire and train. We are actually saying: The apprentice program  is earning while you learn, and it will help so many Americans take  that issue off the table where they weren't sure whether or how they  should skill themselves. They actually are hired and trained on the  job.   This is something we have known as a country for a long time. We know  the apprentice program has worked. We have seen it across many sectors,  in building trades and construction. We have seen it in other areas. In  aviation, for example, in the Pacific Northwest, the Boeing Company has  taken great advantage of the apprentice program. There are so many  other sectors. The maritime sector has taken advantage of the  apprentice programs. What we are saying today is that we need to make  this a national priority in a more aggressive way. The Department of  Labor and registered apprentice programs are part of what we make an  investment in here in the Federal budget. But what we are not doing is  putting it on steroids, and that is what we need to do now.   Our legislation would create enough incentives for 500,000 new  apprentice program individuals over the next 10 years. We think this is  critically important because we know how much the U.S. economy needs  these skilled workers. According to the National Skills Coalition, 53  percent of U.S. jobs are middle-skilled, meaning that they require some  postsecondary education. Yet only 43 percent of U.S. workers are  trained at that level. According to the National Association of  Manufacturers, 67 percent of their members report a shortage of  available, qualified workers. We are going to need 3.5 million  manufacturing jobs over the next decade, and this leaves us with a  shortage of about 2 million.   So we need to give our businesses the skill levels they are looking  for so they can be competitive, so they can meet their market needs,  and so they can make profits and help grow our economy. We can't let  them be deterred by the fact that they have the opening and they have  the jobs, but they just don't have the skill level. By doing an  incentive program, we can help get a national message out: The  apprentice program is a key part of our economic strategy, and skilling  a workforce for the jobs of today and tomorrow is the best recipe for  growing our economy.   There has been an overall decline in employer-provided training over  the last two decades. By making this investment now, we are going to  help U.S. businesses with the investment that should be made and,  further, as I said, expedite getting people into the programs we need  to get them into. If we are going to be competitive and our businesses  are going to compete in this global economy and they are going to  continue to innovate, they need the workforce to do it.   I think about the chip fabrication industry. Before Intel came along,  probably no one knew how to do chip fabrication. But there was a sector  of our economy that taught and educated people on chip manufacturing.  That will not be the last innovation our economy sees. In aerospace, we  have been able to, with composite manufacturing, make lighter weight  planes. That composite was a huge shift from the aluminum that  dominated aerospace. But composite manufacturing is a whole new skill  level in which we are still training and educating the workforce. We  need to compete in that sector, which is so important to manufacturing  jobs.   I would say that every aspect of our economy needs apprentices. But  what does the apprentice get out of it? Not only do they get a job and  they get to be skilled on the job, but they also earn more. Over the  course of their career, a registered apprentice earns about $300,000  more than a non-apprentice working in the same field. A study done by  our State Workforce Training and Education Coordinating Board found  that completing apprentices earned $13,000 more per year just as they  started.   So apprentices are a win-win for us and our economy. They give the  employer the skills they are seeking to make their companies  successful, and the individual worker gets trained and hired in a field  that takes away this uncertainty about our economy, which has so  plagued us over the last decade or two, and the community gets a more  successful employment base and successful companies that add to the  economy of a region and to our country.   I am so glad to be here with my colleague Senator Collins, who has  [[Page S3490]]  known that this apprentice program has been a success, and that is why  she and I have partnered for years on this program. We hope now that by  reintroducing it and getting more of our colleagues to join in, they,  too, will talk about why apprentices are so important today.   We hope there is a guy down the street in the White House, who had a  program called ``Apprentice,'' who takes seriously the bipartisan  effort of two Senators who have been at this for a few years, and says:  This is where we should be spending our money and making an investment  to skill, educate, and employ Americans right now, for today.   I yield to my colleague from Maine.   