 Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak on the  passage of the fiscal year 2018 Intelligence Authorization Act under  suspension of the rules.   Unfortunately, I strongly oppose its passage today, not because it is  a bad bill. On the contrary, I voted for it out of committee. But today  I disagree on how this bill is presented on the floor. The Intelligence  Authorization Act should be on regular order and rule and not on  suspension.   This critically important piece of legislation is the most  substantial oversight mechanism that Congress has over the intelligence  community, and it deserves full consideration and robust debate. The  American public and our intelligence community deserve nothing less.   Before authorizing tens of billions of dollars for the United States  intelligence community, our lawmakers should carefully consider and  debate the issues our intelligence community faces, many of which  directly impact our national security. Instead, today's consideration  of the IAA has been fast-tracked, and debate has been cut short.   Most of the work of the intelligence community and our committee  happens behind closed doors, which means that debate on the House floor  over the Intelligence Authorization Act is one of the few times the  public can engage with the issues facing our intelligence community. By  limiting debate on this bill, we cut public engagement off as well.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the bipartisan way in which our committee  worked to craft this year's Intelligence Authorization Act. I am  excited that this year's IAA includes a provision that I drafted that  provides our lawmakers, election officials, campaigns, and the public  with additional information and resources to defend our democracy  against emerging cyber threats. Additionally, we will continue to be  able to provide a summer internship program to students from the  existing Centers of Academic Excellence in intelligence. This year's  IAA will also hold the IC accountable for creating a more diverse and  inclusive working environment.   Nevertheless, I will oppose today's bill not because I don't support  the underlying bill, but because I believe that national security  issues raised by this legislation are too important to be fast-tracked.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose today's vote under  suspension of the rules and to stand with us in demanding full debate  and consideration under regular order.   