 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R.  244 is agreed to, the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con.  Res. 53, an enrollment correction to H.R. 244, that the resolution be  agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I have come to the floor this  afternoon  [[Page S2755]]  to speak on the Omnibus appropriations bill that is now before the  Senate. We will have an opportunity to vote on that very shortly here.   I would like to take a few moments to explain why I intend to support  this legislative measure. I support this bill because I think it is  good for the country, and I believe it is good for my State of Alaska.   I think what we have seen through this appropriations process is a  negotiated bill going back and forth between both sides, between both  bodies, and it is a bill that funds the Federal Government through the  end of this fiscal year. It is far from perfect. I think we recognize  that, but it is tough to find legislation anyplace where we are all  going to be in agreement that it has everything each of us wants. I do  believe it is a solid bill. It is a solid, bipartisan effort, and I  would urge my colleagues to support this bill.   The first thing it does is it prevents the government from shutting  down. Simply put, there are very few things in my mind that would  warrant a government shutdown. The people of this country expect us to  govern. They don't expect us to come to work and say we are going to  shut it down. They expect us to figure out how we are going to fund it,  to keep it open, and to do so in a responsible way that allows for the  priorities to be reflected. I think we have done that.   I feel very strongly that those who would suggest that the way to  deal with things is to shut it down is not the proper approach. That is  why I have supported Senator Portman's legislation to put an end to  government shutdowns. We just don't need disruptions that ultimately  hurt our economy and hurt our families.   I certainly would have preferred a process that would allow for  funding the government by passing appropriations measures on an  individual basis, one by one. My colleague from Vermont, who is on the  floor, has been around for a few Congresses, and he knows that used to  be the way we handled appropriations. We had an approps bill come to  the floor. We debated it. We amended it. We moved it through. We worked  through that process. It was somewhat tediously slow at times, but it  was a very open and collaborative process that I think reflected,  again, the priorities around the country.   What we have in front of us is a measure that did in fact go through  the full appropriations process, all 12 appropriations bills. It made  it through the committee. Sometimes not all of them do, but for fiscal  year 2017, these appropriations bills did.   As we saw at the end of last year, there was an agreement that we  would not move forward with the appropriations bills at that time-- actually, it was probably less than an agreement, but a decision was  made--and we are here, as of May 4, still working on fiscal year 17.   This is clearly not the best option, in my view, in terms of how we  handle our appropriations bills, but it is where we are right now, and  the option we have in front of us, in my view, is clearly the best  option.   Continuing resolutions are just not a way to operate. I think they  are poor policy. Keeping funding at previous levels doesn't allow for  Congress to have any input on any new priorities. In some cases,  programs receive more money than they may actually need at that time;  thus, you have a situation where you are ending up wasting dollars,  rather than being good and efficient stewards of the taxpayer dollars.   I think we saw that with this omnibus bill we have in front of us  now, it gave our new President the opportunity to weigh in. Clearly, we  heard President Trump's priorities expressed not only throughout the  campaign but early in his new administration, his priorities on  national security, making sure that from a defense perspective and  border security, these issues were addressed. I think we have done so  in a responsible way on the defense spending side but also with a  comprehensive approach to border security and utilizing new  surveillance and new technologies.   This bill consolidates or terminates dozens of existing programs and  rejects unnecessary spending tax dollars. It reduces spending and  wasteful programs, eliminates unnecessary, ineffective, and duplicative  programs.   Again, I think what we have put together within this appropriations  omnibus is a spending proposal that does apply the taxpayer dollars  responsibly. Overall, the bill puts real dollars behind our Nation's  priorities by enhancing our national security, investing in education  infrastructure and innovation, as well as improving the health and  well-being of all Americans.   I would like to take just a few moments to speak specifically to some  of the provisions that will be helpful in my State of Alaska. The  omnibus bill sustains Alaska's contributions to our national defense,  helps to protect our fisheries, address high energy costs, helps our  very struggling timber industry in Southeastern Alaska, and helps keep  the Federal Government's commitment to Alaska Natives.   There are some programs that would appear to be pretty small, but in  terms of consequence and impact on Alaska, they are quite significant.   Essential Air Service, we provide funding in this measure that helps  maintain commercial air service to as many as 60 small communities in  the State. The reason it is called Essential Air Service is because in  most of these communities, there is no other way to get to these  smaller communities. There is no road access. There is no other way.  You might be able to run a riverboat out, but in terms of ability to  access, this Essential Air Service is exactly that.   The bill provides for new investments in the Coast Guard that will  help increase safety in Alaska's waters. There are infrastructure  improvements in Kodiak to support homeporting Offshore Patrol Cutters  in the Arctic region and funding for new cutters that we will see  stationed throughout Alaska.   There is a lot going on in the news right now with regard to Russia  and North Korea, and it certainly is front and foremost for Alaskans.  We have our neighbors to the west of us there, in Russia, and of course  we are within range of anything North Korea might consider. So there is  a very keen interest and a desire to ensure that our Nation is  investing in our Pacific and our Arctic defense.   This bill recognizes the issue, and it recognizes the strategic value  that Alaska has. It provides $4.3 billion for the procurement of F-35s,  including some of those that will be based in the interior part of the  State. We saw the need for the next generation of fighter jets in  Alaska when, just a few weeks ago, Russian planes were buzzing the  coast for 4 days straight. Well, today's news reups that. F-22s  intercepted two Russian Bear bombers 50 miles southwest of Alaska,  according to the news this morning.   Again, when you are thinking about the investments we make to provide  for our Nation's security, Alaska sits at the center up there in terms  of strategic location.   There is also money for developing the long-range discrimination  radar at Clear and funds for the ground-based missile defense at Fort  Greely. Again, this is very significant at this time, given the  geopolitics not too far from our State.   Another key part of our Arctic defense strategy is finally being  realized, after years of me kind of pounding on this drum--funding for  icebreakers. As of right now, we are woefully behind when it comes to  our ability to maneuver in the Arctic regions in our waters. So there  is $150 million in advance procurement funding for an icebreaker that  is in the DOD budget and an additional $55 million in the Coast Guard  budget. It is imperative that we move to fund a new icebreaker now.   We also recognize the role the Coast Guard plays in terms of national  defense across the country, particularly in the Arctic. So the bill  provides $1.3 billion in acquisition construction and improvement  money. The Coast Guard needs to recapitalize its aging fleet, and we  see this no more apparent than in Alaska. A ship that was built back in  1971 is still being used to patrol areas that are perhaps some of the  roughest seas in the world. This is not smooth water sailing. Congress  needs to recognize the role played by the Coast Guard, not only in  national defense but in drug interdiction, fisheries patrol, and safety  encroachment, and we must give it the assets it needs to do its job  well.   On the education front, this bill provides funds for our public  schools, including money for programs that were authorized in ESSA. It  funds IDEA,  [[Page S2756]]  Carl Perkins, impact aid, and 21st Century Community Learning Centers.  Especially important for us in Alaska are the programs like ANEEP,  Alaska Native Education Equity Program, strengthening Alaska Native and  Native Hawaiian-serving institutions, tribally controlled colleges and  universities, and Indian education national activities.   We have all come to the floor over the course of these past few  months this Congress to talk about the impact on our communities of the  opioid epidemic in this country. This bill helps to get money where it  is needed to help fight this epidemic.   Over $1 billion is provided to various programs and agencies to  specifically address this problem. Over $600 million of that will go to  SAMHSA, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration,  including $500 million for a new program that was created by the 21st  Century Cures Act that we passed earlier last year. The CDC, the  Department of Justice, and the VA will see increased funding to help  deal with this scourge of addiction.   As chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies  Approps Subcommittee, the division G of the omnibus is of particular  significance to me. The Interior appropriations section probably has  more impact on the State of Alaska than most would realize. It controls  funding levels for the Federal agencies and Departments that have a  huge presence in my State: BLM, Forest Service, EPA, Fish and Wildlife  Service, Indian Health Service, BIA, and National Park Service. These  are all within the auspices of Interior.   I will give you some of the highlights within the Interior bill. This  is the centennial year of the National Park Service so we were able to  do more to help address the maintenance backlog within our park system.   The two agencies that deliver services for Indian communities, BIA  and Indian Health Service, we did our best to support those programs  which are critical to the Indian community. For those agencies, we have  provided full contract support costs. We continue Tribal court funding  for those Public Law 280 States. We have really worked to do what we  can within IHS to address the issues of suicide, domestic violence,  alcohol, and substance abuse programs. Making sure we are doing right  by providing the support for our healthcare facilities is critically  important.   We also have oversight of the EPA within our jurisdiction. I have  heard some criticism from some that we didn't do enough to reduce EPA  spending and then others are saying we took too much from the EPA, but  what we really looked to try to do was to take a commonsense approach,  focus resources on the programs that do the concrete things to improve  the quality of the environment for the public when it comes to clean  air and clean water. We need to effectively make sure that whether it  is the WIFIA program, the State revolving funds for our water and our  waste water programs, making sure we have the resources to do right by  our communities, and making sure there is clean air and clean water,  whether it is the Targeted Air Shed Grant Program, which helps  communities deal with pollution issues and air issues--I think we did a  fair job with the EPA budget.    Again, we have worked to reduce in areas where we are just staffing  up for initiatives that quite honestly have been questioned and  challenged, making sure we are focusing on the priorities that deliver  on EPA's mission, which is clean air and clean water.   Madam President, the last thing I would like to add is what we were  able to do with regard to wildfires because this is an issue for so  many of us in the West. We were able to include funding for wildland  fire management programs to fully fund the 10-year average of  suppression costs, as well as to allow for emergency funding in the  event that we have a catastrophic wildfire season. I think we all  understand the challenges our agencies face when we have fire borrowing  going back and forth. So this is an effort we have long sought to  address, and we will continue to work on that.   It has been interesting to watch and to read the news about this  omnibus. You have the President who said: This is good. This is what  winning looks like. You have Democrats who have said: We won.   It is not about a win for the D's or a win for the R's; it is about  making sure this is right for the country. I would suggest that if both  sides are taking credit, we must have hit the sweet spot somewhere in  the middle.   I think at this place where we are right now, with over 7 months into  this fiscal year, it is well past time that Congress pass a bill that  funds the government for the balance of this fiscal year. These are  uncertain times for the country--uncertain times certainly in my  State--and I think it deserves some certainty from us. It is a good  bill, and I think we owe it to the American people not to create  unnecessary and unwanted drama about whether the Federal Government  remains open for business.   I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). The Senator from Arizona.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor once again to discuss  the threats facing our country, the challenges confronting the brave  men and women of our Armed Forces. I feel compelled to remind my  colleagues about what is at stake because of our failure right here to  provide them the resources and equipment they need and deserve, placing  their lives at greater risk. That is not my opinion; it is the opinion  of the uniformed leaders of our country who have stated time after time  that because of our sequestration and our mindless meat ax, we are  putting the lives of the men and women who are serving our Nation in  uniform at greater risk.   Don't we have an obligation to try to stop that? Obviously, there is  not a majority here in the Senate who believes we should, to our  everlasting shame. Unless we change course, we will only continue that  failure.   We are about to vote on yet another Omnibus appropriations bill. It  is well over 1,000 pages. Look here; this is what we are about to vote  on without a single amendment--without a single amendment. Is there any  Member of the U.S. Senate who has read this? Is there any Member who  has read this bill of over $1 trillion that we are about to vote on?  Many of us are going to be compelled to vote for it because we don't  want to shut down the government again. The American people don't want  the government to shut down, no matter what some colleagues of mine  say. But here it is.   I challenge any of my colleagues to come to the floor and tell me  they have read this bill.   Is it any wonder that the American people are fed up with this way of  doing business? There are 1,000 pages--1,000 pages. That is what we are  going to vote on in a relatively short period of time--haven't read  it--no amendments.   I am sure there may be some provisions in this 1,000-page document  that Members would like to modify, like to add to. But what business  are we doing? What is the world's greatest deliberative body doing here  in a couple hours? We are going to vote yes or no on a 1,000-page  document. Shame on us. Shame on us.   Not a single appropriations bill--we have an Appropriations  Committee. They have their subcommittees. My friend and colleague from  Vermont is here and wants to talk about it. They churn out individual  bills. I believe there are 13 of them, one of them being Defense, by  the way. But all of that is without amendment, without debate on the  floor of the world's greatest deliberative body. Yet we are going to go  ahead and vote yes or no.   Many of us are going to vote yes because we don't want to shut down  the U.S. Government. We don't want to deprive our citizens of the  goods, services, and provisions that a government is supposed to  provide people. I don't want to shut down the Grand Canyon again, my  friends. I don't want to deprive people from all over the world the  ability to see the Grand Canyon. So what do we do? CRAs.   I am all in favor of repealing regulations that are onerous and bad  for America and small businesses and large. Is that a rationale for  what we are about to do?   I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: You blocked many  of these bills that we wanted to bring to the  [[Page S2757]]  floor. You blocked them. Why? For what purpose? Of course, on this side  of the aisle, we have agreed to do something like that.   So I just say to my colleagues: You should not be curious when you  see the approval ratings of the Congress of the United States in the  teens.   Again, as I said, we will be blamed for putting our men and women in  uniform at greater risk. That is not John McCain's view; that happens  to be the opinion of our uniformed service Chiefs who are telling us  that when we are not funding the military, we are putting the lives of  the men and women serving at risk.   We passed the Budget Control Act 6 years ago as an attempt to address  our spending problem. This legislation led to a $443 billion cut to  defense. What has also happened? Deficits came down for a while, and we  are on track to return to $1 trillion deficits again in a matter of  years. The national debt is set at $20 trillion and has grown and will  continue to grow.   We slashed our military, friends. We slashed it. Yeah, great job, we  slashed the spending on the military. In fact, if you look, you will  see the only portion where there has been a reduction in spending is  where? Defense.   When you look at the past several years since sequestration, do you  think the world has gotten safer? Do you think the men and women who  are serving are better protected, better equipped?   We have 60 percent of our F-18s not flying. Why? No parts. We have  two submarines tied up at the pier for a year because they cannot leave  the pier. The Air Force is 1,000 pilots short.   What have we done? We have cut defense spending by 4 percent.  Meanwhile, the interest on the debt has increased by 7 percent;  nondefense, 19 percent; and the elephant in the room, the third rail  that none of us want to touch is mandatory spending; that is Social  Security and Medicare, primarily.   What have we done? We have shortchanged the men and women who are  serving in the military, trying to defend this Nation while nondefense  spending has gone up by 19 percent.   So the next time I hear one of my colleagues say: Well, we should  continue to cut defense spending because of the debt, we have already  done that. We have already shortchanged the men and women who are  defending this Nation.   Over the past 10 years, as I mentioned, mandatory spending has grown  by 56 percent, and defense has been cut by 4 percent.   The death spiral is occurring. We are in budget cuts with a high  operational tempo, and the military is now in a vicious cycle. The  death spiral works like this. This is the death spiral, OK? Constant  and frequent deployments increase costs. To send our men and women  overseas into harm's way increases costs. The more you fly the plane,  the more it costs to maintain the plane. The more you deploy a soldier,  the more you have to pay him or her to stay in the military.   When budget top lines are determined by politics and not  requirements, the Department of Defense has to make tradeoffs. For  example, the military may forgo buying military equipment to keep up  with wartime costs, but this exacerbates the problem. Our equipment  gets older as it is used more and the cost of maintaining aging  equipment skyrockets. Here is the death spiral, why the state of our  military is what it is today.   Three--count them--three of our Army brigades are at the highest  level of readiness. Four of 64 Air Force squadrons are ready to fight  tonight; that is four out of 64. Less than half of the Marine and Navy  planes are ready for combat. The Air Force has a pilot shortfall of  1,500--1,000 of which are fighter pilots. The Navy has a maintenance  backlog of 5.3 million days. The ship maintenance backlogs are so bad  that some ships are like the submarine USS Boise, which is tied up in  port and isn't qualified to dive and recently missed a deployment.   Look at this graphic. These are the aircraft--all of them that are  fully mission capable. These are the Army units that are ready to fight  tonight. This is the U.S. Air Force, and these depict the airplanes  ready to fight; Marine Corps aircraft, the same way.   So here we are with this situation, and what are we doing? We aren't  really addressing the issue because we are going to be faced in the  next year or so with the same budget problem of sequestration.   While this is happening, our enemies aren't sitting still. Our  adversaries are not waiting for this body to wake up to do its job and  act. While we have forced our military to make tradeoffs between  supporting immediate operational requirements and future modernization,  China, Russia, and other adversaries have been singularly focused on  developing military capabilities to target U.S. forces and take away  our unique military advantages.   Our military has multiple missions. Our adversaries have one mission,  and that is to undermine U.S. military superiority. I regret to inform  my colleagues that they are succeeding much more than we anticipated.   The fact is, the U.S. military advantage is eroding. National  Security Adviser GEN H.R. McMaster summed it up best when he testified  that the U.S. Army is outgunned and outranged. The reality is not much  different across the military services.   The President understands it. Rebuilding the military has been a  major priority for this administration, but we have to face the simple  fact that the military buildup proposed by this President is illegal  because the Budget Control Act forbids it. Over the next 4 years, the  Budget Control Act's caps on defense spending would leave President  Trump $216 billion short. Even President Obama's budget was $113  billion above the BCA caps, and that budget barely slowed the  deterioration of military readiness and capabilities.   I regret to say, Chairman Thornberry, the distinguished chairman of  the House Armed Services Committee, and I fare even worse against the  BCA. We believe that rebuilding our military will require a defense  budget of $640 billion in fiscal year 2018. Sustaining that level of  funding over the remaining years with the Budget Control Act would  require an additional $433 billion.   Give our men and women in uniform a budget that will allow them to  rise to meet the challenges of the 21st century. Congress must change  the Budget Control Act, and the only way to do that is with a  bipartisan budget agreement. As we stand here, there is no serious  conversation that I am aware of in this body or anywhere else in  Washington about what the agreement would look like or what it would  achieve.   The next 4 years can't be like the last 4 years. We must find a way  to provide the military with the resources they need and deserve to  perform the missions we assign them. We must provide them with the  timely authorization of appropriations bills. We must provide them with  something they have not had for years--certainty--so they can properly  plan and efficiently use taxpayers' dollars to defend the Nation.    What are we looking at right now?   We are going to pass this thing. It will pass. Then, in September-- how many months is that now? It is about 5 months from now--we are  going to be bumping up against the same ceiling and the threat of  shutting down the government. Are we going to wait until the beginning  of September before we start to address this or not? Is that the kind  of fiscal cowardice we are going to perform? We are going to see this  movie again and again and again and again unless we repeal the Budget  Control Act and start providing for the men and women who are serving  this Nation and the challenges we are facing, which any military expert  will tell you are the greatest they have been in 70 years. We have to  stop this.   We will paper over our failures with continuing resolutions. We will  cut piecemeal deals in the midnight hour that fail to fix the serious  challenges this country faces. We will accept these outcomes because  they are better than yearlong continuing resolutions or shutdowns. We  will clear the pitifully low bar of success we have set for ourselves,  and all the while, challenges we will have been charged to address will  only get worse. We have to break this cycle.   After several years of political gridlock, we know a bipartisan  budget deal will be necessary to pass appropriations bills. Let's try a  novel idea. Why don't we work on the deal now? Why  [[Page S2758]]  don't we sit down together, with all of us recognizing the challenges  to our national security, and fix this problem instead of kicking the  can down the road? My friends, if we do not, I guarantee you we will be  doing this same thing again in September. What is that? We will be  looking at another 1,000-page bill--1,000 pages that none of us has  read. Oh, I take it back. There may be four or five Senators who know  what is in it. Maybe 4, maybe 5, maybe as many as 8 out of 100 will  know about it. If we do not stop this, this is exactly the movie we are  going to see come September--not acceptable.   Don't we owe the men and women who are serving in uniform in harm's  way today--several of whom have just been killed in the last few days-- more than what we are giving them? Don't we owe them the best equipment  and the best training we can possibly provide them with rather than  their being dictated to by a meat-ax called sequestration? Don't we?   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   