 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, 2 months ago, millions of Americans rose  up and defeated TrumpCare. In doing so, we reaffirmed that, in the  wealthiest nation on Earth, healthcare is a right and not a privilege  that is reserved only for those who can afford it.   The President and the Republican Party believe the opposite. To them,  healthcare is just another commodity to be bought and sold, but we all  know that this is not like buying a new car or a big screen TV. The  Republican position shows no heart, no care, and no compassion. It is  the exact opposite of what so many of you showed me when I was  diagnosed with kidney cancer.   Although we successfully defeated TrumpCare in July, we face fresh  assaults to deny every American's right to healthcare, but it does not  have to be this way. In July, so many of us were moved by Senator John  McCain's impassioned plea for the Senate to return to regular order in  order to debate how to strengthen our healthcare system on a bipartisan  basis. Since then, Senators Lamar Alexander and Patty Murray have  worked to build consensus for a bill that would strengthen insurance  markets and reduce out-of-pocket costs for consumers. They have done  this the right way--through committee hearings, bipartisan meetings,  and careful deliberation.   Instead of embracing and endorsing this effort, the President and the  majority leader have now chosen to double down on their obsession with  depriving healthcare to millions of people across the country through  the Graham-Cassidy bill. Let me be clear. This bill is not a  compromise. It is not a new and better idea for delivering healthcare  in this country. It is just a new version of TrumpCare and, I might  say, an even worse proposal than the one we defeated in July.   The details matter. This version of TrumpCare eliminates the  Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion, and that threatens the  coverage for more than 110,000 Hawaii residents who are now receiving  such coverage. There are millions all across the country who now get  healthcare coverage thanks to Medicaid expansion in their States.   This bill establishes a healthcare block grant, including a per  capita cap on Medicaid spending that would severely limit Federal  funding for healthcare--funds that States rely upon. Republicans,  including the cosponsors of this bill, argue that this approach would  provide more local control over healthcare. This, however, is what we  in Hawaii call ``shibai''--or BS. Local control through a block grant  is just an excuse that Conservatives and Republicans use as a pretext  to make deep cuts to programs that Americans depend upon. You see them  resorting to block-granting everywhere--from education to healthcare.   A new study from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities reveals  the cost of this latest version of TrumpCare firsthand. Under the  proposal, Hawaii would lose $659 million in Federal funding for  Medicaid over 10 years--part of some $80 billion in cuts across the  country. This is a lot of money for Hawaii to lose--money that is being  put to great use across our State.   Last month, I visited the Bay Clinic in Hilo, on the Big Island,  where the Medicaid expansion under the ACA has improved health outcomes  in poor  [[Page S5785]]  rural communities across that island. Bay Clinic is the primary  healthcare provider to 6 of the 10 poorest ZIP Codes in the entire  State of Hawaii, where many residents went years without having health  coverage. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, the Bay Clinic has  successfully enrolled thousands more people in Medicaid and decreased  the number of uninsured patients who have gone through their doors. It  is astounding what the numbers show.   The number of patients who have gone through their doors has been cut  from 29 percent in 2010 to only 10 percent in 2015. That is how many  more people on the island of Hawaii are able to get healthcare  coverage. Over that same time period, the Bay Clinic has seen an almost  20-percent increase in the number of patients it has served every year.   In the years following the passage of the ACA, the Bay Clinic and  community health centers all across Hawaii have hired more doctors and  nurses, and they have expanded the types of services that they provide.  The Bay Clinic, for example, has expanded its Mobile Health Unit, by  which doctors go to rural communities, such as in Keaau, where  residents would otherwise not have access to primary care providers.   This program and others like it in Hawaii and across the country face  an imminent threat from this newest version of TrumpCare.  Unfortunately, this bill's devastating cuts to Medicaid are only part  of what makes it so mean and so dangerous.   It eliminates all premium subsidies that allow lower income Americans  to afford coverage, and it eliminates cost-sharing subsidies that  reduce out-of-pocket expenses for consumers. These are the very issues  relating to the Affordable Care Act that Chairman Lamar Alexander and  Ranking Member Patty Murray are addressing through regular order--how  to provide healthcare for more people in our country.   The Graham-Cassidy bill creates a process by which States can receive  waivers to roll back essential health benefits and eliminate important  consumer protections, like guaranteed coverage for millions of  Americans who are living with preexisting conditions--people like me.   I have said many times on the floor of the Senate that we are all  only one diagnosis away from a major illness. Every day, 6,540 people  are diagnosed with cancer in our country. There are 4,109 who are  diagnosed with diabetes. There are 1,309 who are diagnosed with  Alzheimer's disease every day in this country. We are all one diagnosis  away from a major illness. These are people like me--many of them-- going about their business when, wham, suddenly, you get a devastating  diagnosis. Not all of these people will have health insurance, and  under this version of TrumpCare, even more of them will not have access  to it.   When I was diagnosed with kidney cancer, I had insurance. Instead of  worrying about how to pay for my treatment, I could focus on fighting  my illness. No one facing cancer, heart disease, diabetes, or any other  chronic or life-threatening medical condition--or, I should say, any  kind of circumstance in which one needs to have access to a healthcare  provider--should have to worry about whether one can afford the care  that might, one day, save one's life--not in the richest country in the  world, not where healthcare should be a right and not a privilege.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   