 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Congressman Lamborn's  amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act to require the  President, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the  Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress on the use of  commercial aircraft by the Government of Iran for illicit activities. I  am proud to be the lead Democratic co-sponsor of this bipartisan  amendment, along with Reps. Lamborn, Roskam, Zeldin, and Sherman.   As we are all aware, U.S. firms have reached multi-billion-dollar  agreements to sell or lease hundreds of aircraft to Iran, supposedly to  help bring the country's fleet into the 21st century. I am deeply  concerned, however, that these aircraft, intended for civilian use,  could instead be used for nefarious purposes, such as transporting  fighters to Syria or weapons to Iran's proxies, Hamas and Hezbollah.   Iran is the world's leading sponsor of terrorism, with a longstanding  record of human rights violations. Its support of radical groups  throughout the Middle East poses a threat both to our greatest ally in  the region, Israel, and also to U.S. interests.. For this reason, we  must keep a watchful eye on Iran's actions, including how it uses dual  use exports from the United States.   If Iran is indeed only using American-made commercial aircraft for  legitimate purposes, there should be no concern that a report  confirming this would have an adverse effect on American trade. If Iran  is using aircraft to conduct illicit activities, we must be made aware,  and we must hold Iran accountable.   I am also proud to have co-sponsored another amendment to the  National Defense Authorization Act that will help hold Iran accountable  for it actions. This bipartisan amendment, offered by my Nevada  colleague, Rep. Kihuen, would extend a presidential reporting  requirement to ensure that we have an integrated strategy between the  Administration and Congress to deter Iran's nuclear weapons program.   Two years ago today, the United States, China, France, Germany,  Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Iran agreed to the  Joint Comprehensive Plan Of Action (JCPOA), which aimed to ensure that  Iran's nuclear program would be exclusively peaceful and that Iran  would never obtain a nuclear weapon. I was not a Member of Congress  when the JCPOA came to the floor for Congressional approval, but had I  been, I would have opposed the agreement. However, I have said since  before I first came to Congress that now that the JCPOA is the law of  the land, the United States must demand that Iran abide by it  completely, and that any cheating or subversion should be dealt with  swiftly.   Both the Lamborn and Kihuen Amendments that I have co-sponsored are  manifestations of this principle. If Iran is directly violating the  JCPOA by developing a nuclear weapons program, the Administration and  Congress must be ready to respond. And if Iran is violating  [[Page H5851]]  the spirit of the JCPOA by taking advantage of new streams of commerce  to wage war in the Middle East, it should not matter what financial  ties U.S. companies have to the regime.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote for the National  Defense Authorization Act, which includes both the Lamborn and Kihuen  Amendments.   