 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, during his campaign, President Trump  talked a big game about standing up for workers and creating good,  high-paying jobs, but so far, the Republicans haven't voted on a single  piece of legislation to create jobs, to grow our economy, or to  increase wages for middle-class families--not one single piece, no  votes to create jobs, grow the economy, or increase wages for middle- class families--but they have been voting.   Two weeks ago, Senate Republicans voted along party lines, 49 to 48,  to make it easier for companies that get big-time, taxpayer-funded  government contracts to steal wages from their employees. They also  made it easier for those companies to injure their workers without  admitting liability. Today, we are voting to make it easier for  employers in the most dangerous industries to hide the most serious  injuries and illnesses their workers suffer on the job.   This isn't some burdensome new regulation. Large employers in the  most dangerous industries have been required to record serious  illnesses and injuries their employees suffer on the job since 1972, a  few years after the Occupational Health and Safety Act was first passed  in 1970.   The rule Republicans are trying to overturn today simply clarifies an  employer's obligation to maintain accurate, up-to-date records on  workplace illnesses and injuries for 5 years. The Occupational Safety  and Health Administration--or OSHA, as most of us call it--at the Labor  Department has been enforcing this requirement in every administration  since 1972, Democratic and Republican. OSHA uses these data to  determine how best to prioritize workplace inspections. Since OSHA  resources are so scarce, they have only enough money to inspect each  workplace once every 140 years. So they kind of pick and choose where  to focus these days to make sure they are targeting their inspections  at industries and in occupations where workers are at the highest risk  of injury. The Department also uses these reports to publish yearly  statistics on the workplace hazards that kill 4,800 people and injure  another 3 million people--American workers hurt and killed every year.    Data show employers already vastly underreport workplace injuries and  illnesses, and without this rule, underreporting will skyrocket. It  will get harder for OSHA to hold employers accountable when they cut  corners and endanger worker safety.   Today's vote is great news for the Republicans who will rake in  campaign contributions from their buddies at the Chamber of Commerce.  It is great news for giant corporations that are lobbying hard against  this rule, but it is not great news for hard-working Americans. The  people did not send us to Washington to work for companies that plump  up their profits by skirting safety regulations.   The problem? This is just the beginning. Last week, President Trump  proposed cutting the Department of Labor's budget by more than 20  percent. These cuts will take cops off the beat and send a clear signal  to employers that they can cut corners on safety with impunity.   President Trump also proposed eliminating a 1970 program at OSHA that  gives grants to nonprofits and community organizations that provide  free training for workers on how to identify and prevent job hazards  that could injure or kill them. These programs work, and now President  Trump wants to cut them. That would mean the end of successful worker  training programs like the Brazilian Worker Center's program in  Allston, MA, that provides residential construction workers with  lifesaving fall protection training. It also would cut funding for a  Massachusetts Coalition on Occupational Health and Safety program in  Dorchester that gives teens working in the retail sector training on  how to prevent workplace violence, including sexual assault. Please  note how important this is--200,000 young workers are the victims of  workplace sexual assault every single year. This is a training program  that was so successful that since it has been implemented, it has been  replicated now nationwide. Yet the Trump administration wants to defund  it.   Just yesterday, the Trump administration finalized a 60-day delay of  a rule to protect 60,000 workers who are exposed to lethal, cancer- causing beryllium at work. This regulation saves about 100 lives every  single year. Because the beryllium standards haven't been updated in 40  years, tens of thousands of workers are putting their lives at risk  every single day. Americans who are exposed to beryllium on the job  shouldn't have to wait another 60 days before they can get some  protection so their jobs will not cause them lung cancer.   The pattern emerging is pretty clear. Republicans have no plans to  improve the lives of American workers. Quite the opposite. Republicans  are increasing the odds that workers will be injured or even killed.   When I came to the Senate floor 2 weeks ago to speak out against the  repeal of the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Act, I said the debate on  this vote was about whom Congress works for. Today's debate is no  different. The Republicans are working for giant employers that don't  want to follow the basic rules to keep their employees safe. This is  shameful. This Congress should be working for the Americans who work  for a living and just want to be able to do that without putting their  lives at risk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   