 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Guthrie, for his  great work on handling this bill today and on the bill itself.   No child should live in fear, Mr. Speaker, and yet every year  hundreds of thousands of children across the country are abducted,  abused, or exploited. The safety of America's children has long been a  national priority. That is why I stand here today in strong support of  H.R. 1808, the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children  Act.   In 1984, Congress passed the Missing Children's Assistance Act and  established a grant to enhance our country's efforts to find missing  children and prevent child exploitation. For more than 30 years, the  National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, also known as NCMEC,  has used the grant to coordinate a national response to crises and  crimes affecting America's most vulnerable children.   Through unique public-private partnerships, NCMEC works with  families,  [[Page H4457]]  law enforcement, schools, community leaders, and nonprofits in its  efforts to find children who are missing and protect youth who are  victims of sexual exploitation.   The reforms in the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited  Children Act will ensure the vital work of recovering and supporting  vulnerable youth is able to continue, reuniting more families with  their loved ones and helping victims receive the support they  desperately need. This is a bill that delivers the reforms needed to  save lives.   I am also proud to say it is a bill with strong bipartisan support.  At the opening of NCMEC, former President Ronald Reagan said:   ``No single sector of our Nation can solve the problem of missing and  exploited children alone. But by working together, pooling our  resources, and building on our strengths, we can accomplish great  things.''   ``Together we can turn the tide on these hateful crimes. . . .''   Together we can turn the tide. The work our colleagues,  Representatives Guthrie and Courtney, have done to get this important  bill to the House floor demonstrates the type of collaboration  President Reagan spoke of on that day at the opening of the NCMEC. And  the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act isn't the  only bill we have been able to reach across the aisle on and deliver  reforms that will help vulnerable youth.   Working together, we are also advancing positive bipartisan solutions  in H.R. 1809, the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017. This bill aims  at assisting a different kind of vulnerable youth, ensuring kids who  find themselves in the juvenile justice system have an opportunity to  turn their lives around and achieve success.   Every child deserves an opportunity to make a change for the better,  if that child has made a mistake. By working together to develop the  Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017, my colleagues, Representatives  Lewis and Scott, have put forward a bill that will help ensure at-risk  youth are afforded an opportunity to do just that.   Both of these bills renew the commitment we have made to help and  protect our Nation's most vulnerable children. All of these reforms  will make a real difference in the lives of countless children, young  adults, parents, and families across the country. I am proud of the  bipartisan work we have been able to accomplish.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    I want to thank Representative Scott, as well as  Representatives Lewis, Guthrie, and Courtney for their leadership on  these issues. I urge our fellow colleagues to support the Improving  Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act.   