 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this afternoon, the Senate Special  Committee on Aging is scheduled to hold the second part of a two-part  series of hearings that we are holding to explore the impact of  isolation and loneliness on the health and well-being of our seniors.  The name of our hearing for this afternoon is Aging With Community:  Building Connections that Last a Lifetime.   In other words, under the first hearing that we had 2 weeks ago, we  learned that isolation of our seniors is associated with a greater  incidence of depression, diabetes, and heart disease. We also learned  that the health risks of prolonged isolation are comparable to smoking  15 cigarettes today.   Well, this afternoon is the second part of our investigation of this  issue, and we had planned to hear from four experts who were going to  tell us how you can build a better sense of community for our seniors,  how you can make sure that our seniors are connected to community. I  want to indicate that we have four witnesses who, at their own expense,  have flown in to participate in this hearing this afternoon. One of  them, Lindsay Goldman, is the director of healthy aging from the Center  for Health Policy and Programs from Rye Brook, NY. Another is from  Dover-Foxcroft, ME. A third is from Spring Grove, PA. The fourth is  from Miami, FL.   Each of these witnesses was chosen in connection with my staff's  consultation with the Democratic staff of the committee. As you can  see, they represent the States of New York, Maine, Pennsylvania, and  Florida, and they incurred great expense in order to come here.   I am very disappointed to learn that, due to issues that are totally  outside the purview of the Aging Committee--completely disconnected  with this nonpartisan, bipartisan look at an issue that ought to  concern all of us--we are going to be prohibited from holding this  official hearing this afternoon. I am baffled by this. This has nothing  to do with the firing of Jim Comey. It has nothing to do with the  Intelligence Committee's ongoing and successful investigation of  Russian influence on our investigations. It has nothing to do with the  healthcare debate that is roiling this Congress.   This is a hearing that has to do with the health and well-being of  America's seniors. It is not political in any way, and to ask these  four witnesses, who have come from four different States, including the  State of the Democratic leader, to go back home and waste all this  travel money and not help us better understand how we can deal with an  issue that affects the health and well-being of our seniors is just  plain wrong.   Therefore, Mr. President, I make a request that the Aging Committee  be permitted to meet at 2:30 p.m. today for its hearing, Aging With  Community: Building Connections that Last a Lifetime. I ask unanimous  consent that the committee be allowed to meet.    Mr. President, I see the Democratic leader is rapidly  leaving the floor, so he obviously does not want to hear anything more  about our hearing, but this makes no sense whatsoever.   This is an example of the dysfunction of the Senate. How does it make  sense that the Aging Committee, which operates in a completely  bipartisan manner, is being prohibited from holding a hearing that is  important to our seniors and that has nothing to do with the issues  that are in the news today?   I just don't understand why we are being prohibited from proceeding  to do our work, to do our important jobs on an issue where we have four  experts from four different States, including the State of the  Democratic leader, including a witness chosen by the ranking member of  the committee, and none of that matters. We are being prohibited from  holding this hearing.   Mr. President, it is a great disappointment to me--and I am sure it  is going to be a great disappointment to our witnesses and our  committee members--that we are going to have to cancel this hearing for  reasons that are totally unrelated to the subject of this hearing.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   Seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   