 Mr. Speaker, the omnibus funding bill for 2017 makes  important investments in health, education, and jobs programs, and  rejects many of the damaging ideological riders that marked an earlier  version of the Committee on Appropriations this year.   At a time when the administration is seeking massive cuts to programs  that affect people's lives, this bill is more than respectable. It is a  success. In fact, in some cases, we were able to increase funding. The  bill provides an additional $2 billion for the National Institutes of  Health. It ensures that critical lifesaving research can continue at  our Nation's top research institution. Given that President Trump wants  to cut in the 2018 budget $6 billion, and he wanted an additional $1.2  billion from 2017, this is a victory.   The bill finally restores year-round Pell eligibility, which helps to  make college more affordable for hardworking students. Nontraditional  students are most in need of this flexibility offered by year-round  Pell. It helps them to graduate on time and with less debt.   There is an additional $3 million for senior nutrition programs and  Meals on Wheels, extending our commitment to the health and the safety  of our seniors. It invests in programs that help people to get the  skills they need to earn higher wages and better jobs, including an  increase of $15 million for Job Corps, $5 million for apprenticeships.  I believe we ought to have more funding for apprenticeships.   There are no more investments as important as the ones we make for  our children. This bill provides an additional $25 million for  afterschool programs; $100 million for title I; $90 million for special  education State grants; $95 million increase for the Child Care and  Development Block Grant, desperately needed aid to working parents for  safe and reliable child care; $85 million for Head Start and makes an  early investment in the long-term health of our Nation's children.   This is the direction we should be moving: increasing funding for the  priorities that touch people's lives. This omnibus ignores shortsighted  cuts that have been proposed by the Trump administration and, instead,  makes important investments in health, in education, and in jobs  programs. I urge my colleagues to vote for it.   