 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in favor of my amendment to  the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act.   This amendment would approve access to America's prized treasures by  increasing the National Park Service's Facility Maintenance and  Operations account by $9.7 million, bringing the funding amount up to  the fiscal year 2017 enacted level. In doing so, this amendment will  help address the longstanding deferred maintenance needs of the Park  Service.   Currently, the National Park Service has an $11.9 billion backlog,  which is a figure that has increased steadily since 2009. According to  the most recent NPS deferred maintenance report, the Yosemite National  Park, in Chairman Calvert's home State, has a backlog of $555 million.  Yellowstone has a backlog of $716 million across three States.  [[Page H7141]]  The Grand Canyon's backlog of $350 million makes up a large portion of  my home State's--Arizona--delayed and deferred projects. In fact,  Arizona has one of the largest backlogs of any State in the country:  $565 million.   This problem doesn't only impact the crown jewels of the park system.  In my district, maintenance projects require attention at the Saguaro  National Park of approximately $12.9 million, of which the Chiricahua  National Monument in Cochise County faces roughly $10.3 million in  needed restoration projects.   Mr. Chairman, this country and my State is home to some of the  world's most renowned landscapes and natural beauty. By providing this  modest funding increase to address some of the backlog across the  Nation, my amendment will ensure Americans have unimpaired access to  their national parks and that the enjoyment of these wonders is  available for future generations.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your support of the  amendment, and I would ask all Members on both sides of the aisle to  support our national parks and support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   