 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  tonight, and also Representative Plaskett.   Let me share with you, especially Representative Plaskett, that on my  first day here 7 years ago, one of the first things that happened was a  motion on the floor to further deny the right to vote for  Representatives from the territories. And I have to tell you that I  think, for myself, as well as the majority of people in our country, we  don't realize that you only have democracy 50 percent. So I am glad  that you raised it tonight, and I think it is very important that we  continue to fight so that people from the territories will have the  full representation of their country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the travesty that is taking  place in our country, a travesty that has resulted in innocent people,  students, grandparents, mothers, fathers, and children being unable to  travel and enter the United States.   People are caught in a web of suspicion and hatred as a result of the  recent executive order which is nothing less than a religious ban. So  today, I speak for the Africans that are caught in that ban.   Let me give you an example of who has been caught up by the Muslim  ban--a brilliant Stanford student, Ms. Nisrin Omer, studying  anthropology. She is a graduate of Harvard who is from Sudan and has  lived in this country since 1993.   She has a green card and is a legal resident who was returning to the  U.S. from research in Sudan. She was detained for 5 hours and  handcuffed, simply because she is from Sudan, the very same country  that President Obama worked long and hard to improve relations and to  move the country and the region forward.   Another example, a Somali woman and her two children detained at  Dulles Airport for 18-plus hours as a result of the Muslim ban.  According to reports, the children have U.S. passports, and their  father was allowed to stay in the U.S., but his Somali wife would have  been deported were it not for the emergency stay granted by the New  York Federal judge.    Then there are refugees, mostly Somali, stuck in Kenya following the  cancellation of their flight as a result of the executive order. These  stranded travelers had been waiting, according to the U.N. High  Commissioner for Refugees, 10 to 15 years to resettle.   And I speak of seven people who are reportedly being detained at the  airport in my city, Los Angeles airport. All of these situations are a  result of the President's executive order which, despite the  protestations from the administration, is nothing less than a Muslim  ban.   I also speak of persons fleeing for their lives from Libya, who are  now stigmatized worldwide because of this ban.   Day 10 of the Trump Presidency. Heaven help us.   