 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill.   What does this bill do?   It would force the Office of Management and Budget to issue an  across-the-board budget cut for defense spending come January.   Why?   Because the House appropriations bills exceed the defense budget  spending cap by more than $72 billion. I might add that both Democrats  and Republicans voted for these spending caps for defense spending and  for nondefense spending.   So the defense funding in the bill, their numbers are, in essence,  fake. These are fake numbers. Republicans have no plan to raise both  our need to support our national security and military readiness and  our need to support hardworking middle class families who are  struggling to get by.   So if these bills are enacted, the only way to avoid this across-the- board defense spending cut is if we had another budget deal to revise  the bipartisan Budget Control Act, which established spending caps for  defense spending and for nondefense spending.   Now, add to that, since military pay is usually exempt from budget  cuts, if this bill and the other House appropriations bills are signed  into law, the Office of Management and Budget, by law, would be  required to cut defense spending by more than 13 percent, or $72  billion. We would need a new budget agreement so that we can increase  both defense spending and nondefense spending to meet the needs of our  country.   My friends, this is not going to happen; hardly likely.   The biggest economic challenge of our time is that too many people  are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. We must invest in  programs that provide opportunities for hardworking Americans to be  able to improve themselves and for our economy to grow. We need a  country that works for the middle class and for the vulnerable, not  just the wealthy and those with the most lobbyists.   This budget process is irresponsible, and our military and our  hardworking families will all be shortchanged. This is unacceptable.   Congress needs to negotiate another budget deal that increases both  the defense and the nondefense spending caps. The spending levels in  the Defense bill are impossible to achieve unless there is a new budget  deal and it is reached.   So, again, the numbers are fake. If you vote ``yes'' on this, you are  voting for a pig in a poke. I urge my colleagues to vote against this  bill.   