 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Illinois for her  important remarks just now and for her leadership and her friendship to  so many of us. She has been an extraordinary hero of mine, personally,  and so many of us look to her leadership. So I thank her--and for her  speaking on the nomination of Judge Gorsuch.   Across the street from this Chamber stands the U.S. Supreme Court.  Above its doors are the words ``Equal Justice Under Law.'' As Senators,  we have a solemn responsibility to ensure that every man and woman who  sits on that Court upholds that ideal. As a U.S. Senator, I take that  responsibility extremely seriously.   Almost two decades after the Supreme Court's landmark ruling in Brown  v. Board of Education, I was part of only the second class to integrate  the Berkeley, CA, public schools. If the Court had ruled differently, I  likely would not have become a lawyer or a prosecutor or a district  attorney or the Attorney General of California, and I certainly would  not be standing here today as a U.S. Senator.   I know from personal experience just how profoundly the Court's  decisions touch every aspect of Americans' lives, and for that reason,  I rise to join my colleagues in strong opposition to the nomination of  Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court.   As we know, Judge Gorsuch went through 4 days of hearings in front of  the Senate Judiciary Committee, and here is what we learned: We learned  that Judge Gorsuch refused to answer the most basic of questions. He  initially even refused to share his views on Brown v. Board of  Education. We learned that Judge Gorsuch has a deeply conservative  worldview. And we learned that Judge Gorsuch interprets the law in a  theoretical bubble, completely detached from the real world--as he puts  it, ``focusing backward, not forward.'' If Judge Gorsuch joins the U.S.  Supreme Court, his narrow approach would do real harm to real people,  especially the women of America.   America deserves a Supreme Court Justice who will protect a woman's  right to make her own decisions about her own health. Judge Gorsuch  will not. Judge Gorsuch carefully avoided speaking about abortion, but  he has clearly demonstrated a hostility to women's access to  healthcare.   Last year, when the court he sits on sided with Planned Parenthood,  Judge Gorsuch took the highly unusual step of asking the court to hear  the case again.   Judge Gorsuch determined that a 13,000-person, for-profit corporation  was entitled to exercise the same religious beliefs as a person. That  meant the company did not have to provide employees birth control  coverage and could impose the company's religious beliefs on all of its  female employees. I ask my colleagues, why does Judge Gorsuch seem to  believe that corporations deserve full rights and protections but women  don't?    As we mark Equal Pay Day today, Americans deserve a Supreme Court  Justice who will protect the rights of women in the workplace. Judge  Gorsuch won't. In employment discrimination cases, Judge Gorsuch has  consistently sided with companies against their employees. These  employees include women like Betty Pinkerton. The facts of the case  were undisputed. Her boss repeatedly asked her about her sexual habits  and breast size and invited her to his home--then fired her when she  reported his sexual harassment. Judge Gorsuch ruled against Betty. Why?  Well, part of his justification that he offered was that she waited 2  months before reporting the harassment.   Americans deserve a Supreme Court Justice who upholds the rights of  all women, including transgender women. Judge Gorsuch won't. When a  transgender inmate claimed that the prison's practice of starting and  stopping her hormone treatment was a violation of her rights, Judge  Gorsuch disagreed.  [[Page S2197]]    As the National Women's Law Center observed, his ``record reveals a  troubling pattern of narrowly approaching the legal principles upon  which everyday women across the Nation rely.'' They write that his  appointment ``would mean a serious setback for women in this country  and for generations to come.''   But judging by his record, if Judge Gorsuch becomes Justice Gorsuch,  women won't be the only ones facing setbacks. Take Luke, a young boy  with autism whose parents sought financial assistance after switching  him from public school to a school specializing in autism education.  Judge Gorsuch ruled that the minimal support Luke received in public  school was good enough. People in the autism community were up in arms.  And in the middle of a Senate hearing 2 weeks ago, the Supreme Court  unanimously ruled that Judge Gorsuch was wrong on the law.   Consider Alphonse Maddin. Maddin was a trucker who got stuck on the  road in subzero temperatures--minus 27 degrees, as he recalls--and  abandoned his trailer to seek help and save his life. For leaving the  trailer, he was fired. Judge Gorsuch wrote that the company was  entitled to fire Maddin for not enduring the cold and for not staying  in his freezing truck.   Then there is Grace Hwang, a professor diagnosed with cancer. She  sued when her university refused to provide the medical leave her  doctor recommended. Judge Gorsuch called the university's decision  ``reasonable'' and rejected her lawsuit. Sadly, Grace died last summer.   Judge Gorsuch has Ivy League credentials, but his record shows he  lacks sound judgment to uphold justice. He ignores the complexities of  human beings--the humiliating sting of harassment, the fear of a cancer  patient or a worker who feels his life is in danger. In short, his  rulings lack a basic sense of empathy. Judge Gorsuch understands the  text of the law, to be sure, but he has repeatedly failed to show that  he fully understands those important words: ``equal justice under  law.'' For the highest Court in the land, I say, let's find someone who  does.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). The Senator from Hawaii.   