 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LaHood for  yielding and for organizing tonight's Special Order about our great  State, Illinois.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am Illinois proud, and I rise  today to celebrate our State's upcoming 200th birthday.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to represent Illinois'  Second Congressional District--in my opinion, the best district in the  entire country. This community starts at 53rd and Cornell around the  Museum of Science and Industry, it then reaches south to include many  suburbs in Cook and Will Counties. It stretches all the way to the  border of Indiana and the border between Kankakee and Iroquois  Counties, to include some of our Nation's most productive family farms.   While I am humbled and honored to represent the remarkable people and  families of Illinois' Second District, as you have heard, I first moved  to Peoria to attend Bradley University.   While at Bradley, I joined the Zeta Phi chapter of Sigma Gamma Rho  and completed my BA in psychology and my MA in counseling. I am proud  to have been a Bradley University trustee, since 2003, and to continue  to be a part of this amazing institution that is preparing the next  generation of leaders.    I lived in Peoria until 1992, when I moved to Matteson, Illinois, my  current home in the great Second Congressional District, to become the  village's director of community affairs.   In 2002, I was elected to the Illinois General Assembly, where I  first met many of my current colleagues in the  [[Page H10171]]  Illinois delegation while serving together in Springfield. At the time,  I also served with the State senator who would eventually go on to  become President of the United States, Barack Obama.   As someone who has been privileged to live throughout Illinois and  travel it extensively while working as a chief of staff to the State  treasurer, I couldn't be more proud to represent this great State and  the great people who will call it home, especially those who call the  Second District home.   The Second District is truly a microcosm of Illinois and the entire  U.S. It is urban, suburban, and rural. It includes parts of the city of  Chicago and more than 1,200 farms.   In the Second District, Nucor makes American steel and our Ford  facility makes American cars. We grow corn, soybeans, and raise  American pork. We have local breweries and giants like Amazon,  alongside world-class bike trails, scenic vistas, and the historic  Pullman neighborhood, and we will soon be home to the new Obama  Presidential Library and Museum.   Mr. Speaker, the Second District is home to many universities and  Blue 1647, a tech incubator, that are training the next generation of  businesses, tech, and innovation leaders.   Our small, medium-sized, and family businesses like Pullman Cafe, K&S  Tire, SA Piggush Financial Consultants, South Creek Animal Hospital,  Two Whisks Bakery, Homewood Bat, and Affordable Flooring By Rodrigo  drive forward our regional economy and create local jobs for Illinois  families.   Our farms, like Van Drunen Farms and FutureCeuticals, feed people in  more than 70 countries around the world, and our manufacturers,  including Crown Cork and Seal, Best Diamond Plastics, and Chicago  Heights Steel continue the proud tradition of Make It In America.   While we are proud to build and grow products used around the State,  country, and globe, you might be surprised to learn that many of the  things you buy every day cross through the Second District. For  generations, Chicago has been the crossroads of America, a hub for  transcontinental and global commerce, and the Second District is the  beating heart of that transportation infrastructure that creates good- paying American jobs.   The Second District is also home to a vibrant faith community that is  committed to serving their community by putting their faith into  action. Leaders in these movements have their houses of worship in the  Second or they serve many people in the Second: Reverend Dr. James Hunt  of New Hope Christian Community Church; Rami Nashashibi, executive  director of the Inner-City Muslim Action Network and a recent MacArthur  Foundation Fellow; Rabbi Ellen Dreyfus, B'nai Yehuda Beth Sholom;  Father Mike Pfleger, a tireless champion to end gun violence; Pastor  Andrew Singleton from Victory Apostolic; Apostle Ron from Full Gospel  Christian Assembly.   Our local nonprofits are helping to create a better, fairer, and more  just world, organizations like Chicago Family Health Center; Aunt  Martha's; Polished Pebbles; Alliance of the Southeast; the Dovetail  Project; Centro de Trabajadores Unidos; and Kids Off The Block, which  provides at-risk young people with positive alternatives.   In the Second District, our young people are active and engaged. They  are dedicated to being a force for positive change in their  communities, in our country, and in their world. In the face of any  darkness, they stand proud and allow their personal life to shine  through circumstance.   Now, we have had a few famous people coming through the Second also:  Quinn Buckner, the basketball player; Shonda Rhimes, famous from  ``Scandal,'' ``Grey's Anatomy,'' and ``How to Get Away With Murder;''  Eddy Curry, basketball; Tom Dreesen; Mary Matalin, who worked for Dick  Cheney; and Mike Tomczak, who was a player for the Bears.   So, yes, Mr. Speaker, I am Illinois proud. As we, the congressional  delegation of families throughout the State, celebrate our 200th  birthday over the next year, we are focusing on what makes Illinois  great, things that I have discussed and you will hear tonight.   Illinois greatness is born, it is built, it is grown, and we are  proud of it. Happy birthday, Illinois. Here is to 200 more years of  growth, innovation, and leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LaHood for yielding.   Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Kelly very much for  those inspiring words about Illinois. I appreciate it very much.   Mr. Speaker, next I yield to Congressman Randy Hultgren from Plano.  Congressman Hultgren served in our Illinois State senate. He is a proud  Illinoisan, he serves our Nation very well. I yield to him now for a  few comments.   