 Mr. President, I want to first thank Senator Carper  for his leadership today, and I rise today  [[Page S1264]]  to join him in speaking about the nomination of Scott Pruitt to be  Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.   I will not be voting in favor of Mr. Pruitt's nomination for EPA  Administrator because of his record and views on issues that are very  important to the people of my State--issues like climate change, which  matters in Minnesota, and issues like the Renewable Fuel Standard. I am  not sure everyone has focused on that today, but I think it is  important, especially for States in the Midwest, to focus on what his  record has been on this issue.   Mr. Pruitt has written that the climate change debate is ``far from  settled'' and has made other troubling comments about climate change. I  could not disagree more. I believe that the debate on whether climate  change is happening is over. The facts are in, and the science is  clear.   The ``2014 National Climate Assessment'' stated the most recent  decade was the Nation's warmest on record. U.S. temperatures are  expected to continue to rise. It was drafted by over 300 authors and  extensively reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences and a Federal  advisory committee of 60 members.   The ``Quadrennial Defense Review 2014'' of the Department of Defense  of the United States stated: ``The pressures caused by climate change  will influence resource competition while placing additional burdens on  economies, societies, and governance institutions around the world.''   Climate change isn't just about melting glaciers and rising ocean  levels, although it is certainly about that. It is also about what we  have experienced in the Midwest. When I first got to the Senate, I  remember hearing from experts, including people in our own Defense  Department and major military leaders who talked about the fact that  one of the consequences of climate change will be, first of all, all  over the world in economies that are already struggling. We are going  to see some of those developing nations encounter unpredictable  weather--hurricanes, tsunamis.   In the Midwest, while we may not have tsunamis, what we see is major,  unpredictable weather, which is just as dangerous. We have seen the  devastating impacts of natural disasters like Hurricane Matthew, and we  have seen flooding from Cedar Rapids and Duluth.   We now know the risk of climate change to Minnesota, to our country,  and to our planet. We must reduce greenhouse gas and tackle the  challenge of global climate change head-on. If we don't tackle this  issue, we are going to continue to struggle with the far-reaching  economic and environmental consequences.   Shifting global trends have the potential to wreak more long-term  havoc on our businesses and our industries. That is why businesses in  my State--major companies like Cargill and General Mills--have been  willing to take this on, have been willing to talk about this as a  problem. They see this as a moral obligation to their employees and  their customers, but they also see it as part of their business. They  can't simply continue in business and serve people all over the world  if major economies could be ruined by one storm or if we see areas  flooded that are on our coast or the kind of weather we have seen in  the Midwest. It is bad for business, and they are willing to admit  that.   As a Senator from Minnesota with a strong ag industry and also a  tradition of hunting and fishing, I see climate change as a direct  threat to my State's economy for recreation. It is also a threat to our  State's heritage of enjoying the outdoors, whether that is snowmobiling  or whether that is our wildlife. We have seen some major changes to the  wildlife in our State.   I have always believed that an ``all of the above'' plan is necessary  to build a new energy agenda for America, but it must be an agenda that  recognizes the challenges of climate change. Someone who heads up the  EPA must believe in science. It is an Agency grounded in science.   Mr. Pruitt has also been quoted as saying ``the ethanol fuel mandate  is unworkable.'' I know he has changed some of his views since he was  nominated, but I, as a Senator from a State that relies on renewable  fuels as one of our major industries in the ag part of our State, must  look at his entire record and what he has actually said when he has  been in positions of power.   How do I see the Renewable Fuel Standard? The Renewable Fuel Standard  has led to important advancements in clean energy, and the standard has  provided stability and predictability that have and will continue to  drive long-term investments in the renewable space.   Every time a new study is released on the subject, I become even more  convinced that investments in renewable fuels are investments in the  future health of our economy and our environment. A recent study by ABF  Economics showed that the ethanol industry generated $7.37 billion in  gross sales in 2015 for Minnesota businesses and $1.6 billion in income  for Minnesota households. Here is a big one: The ethanol industry also  supports over 18,000 full-time jobs in Minnesota.   Senators on both sides of the aisle understand that renewable fuels  are important as a home-grown economic generator. They also are about  10 percent of our fuel supply in the United States. That is a  competitor for oil. When we have that kind of competition, that allows  us to have everything from electric cars to other kinds of renewables,  and we should not simply rely on the oil industry to fuel our vehicles.  Renewable fuels are an important competitor.   As I mentioned, there is strong bipartisan support for renewable  fuels. I have worked closely with many friends across the aisle for  many years on this issue. And, of course, the further ethanol and  renewable fuels take us, the less dependent we will be on foreign oil.  We need and want a mixed fuel supply.   Now is not the time to waiver on support for renewable fuels. The EPA  Administrator has many flexibilities under the law to slow or make  changes to the Renewable Fuel Standard, and that is why I am concerned  about the past record of this nominee on this important issue.   Another reason we need consistent and effective leadership at the EPA  is in the fight to maintain and restore the Great Lakes. Our Great  Lakes contain 90 percent of our Nation's supply of fresh surface water  and supply drinking water to 30 million Americans. And our economy? The  Great Lakes' combined economic impact is so enormous that restoration  alone is estimated to provide $50 billion in long-term economic  benefits. That is why last year's Water Infrastructure Improvements for  the Nation Act reauthorized the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.  These projects have helped eliminate toxins from our waters, combat  invasive species--something very critical in my State with invasive  carp--protect against pollution, restore habitats for fish and  wildlife, and promote the overall health.    The Administrator of the EPA is responsible for leading efforts to  implement, administer, and distribute grant funding across agencies  that undertake restoration activities. As I noted, Minnesota is home to  a thriving outdoor economy that relies on clean water, free of invasive  species. It is vital that our next EPA Administrator continue to take  action to stop the spread of invasive carp before they reach the Great  Lakes and many of our most important northern waters.   My background? My grandpa was an iron ore miner. He worked 1,500 feet  underground in the mines most of his life. Every day when he went down  in that cage, he would always think about what he would like to do in  the outdoors. He loved to hunt. About once a year, they would borrow a  car from my uncle. They would go to see Lake Superior, and he would  bring his sons to see Lake Superior.   I want an EPA Administrator that sees that, yes, you want a strong  economy, and yes, those things can work together with the environment,  but you also need to preserve that outdoors and wildlife and those  Great Lakes my grandpa and my family hold so dear.   Mr. Pruitt has articulated extreme views about the role of the EPA,  but there is a bigger problem here. We still don't know his full views  and record. My colleagues who sat on the Environment and Public Works  Committee have asked Mr. Pruitt to produce critical documents that will  clarify his record and vision for the EPA, and 19 times, Mr. Pruitt  told Senators they should get the information from his attorney  general's office. Well, they tried  [[Page S1265]]  and they have not succeeded. The Oklahoma attorney general's office  told them that they have a 2-year backlog for such requests. In  committee questions for the record, my colleagues asked Mr. Pruitt to  clear the backlog and provide the committee with these communications.  Once again, he declined. Mr. Pruitt has not provided the Senate with  the information we need to make an informed decision about his  nomination.   The EPA Administrator will be entrusted with protecting the health  and well-being of Americans. This is a tremendous responsibility. That  is why Americans deserve a clear picture of Mr. Pruitt's record on  protecting public health, clean air, and clean water, including a  review of the emails that were ordered to be released today.   