 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of  bipartisan work to enhance recruitment and retainment strategies at VA  medical centers. While we focus on strengthening the VA workforce, we  must also  [[Page H2160]]  focus on making sure the geographic diversity of our VA workforce is  reflective of the veteran patient population and that rural populations  are adequately represented.   I thank Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz for working with me on  this critically important amendment and for their dedication to our  Nation's veterans.   My amendment is simple. It allows the Secretary to select eligible  employees for the fellowship program who represent or service rural  communities in order to alleviate the systemic burdens of rural  healthcare workforce shortages for our Nation's veterans. In order to  best serve our Nation's heroes from rural America, we must invest in  training VA workers who understand the unique needs of rural America.   This amendment would help ensure that veterans who are serviced by  rural VAs have access to the most cutting-edge healthcare industry  procedures and practices. My amendment also helps address an issue that  is indicative of a larger systemic issue in rural America where  healthcare workforce recruitment is a barrier to improved population  health. Workforce shortages, especially in health care, permeate every  aspect of rural life, aggregating already long driving distances and  minimal access to care.   There is significant evidence that increased recruitment and  retention of professionals to underserved areas can exist if we recruit  people from rural areas to come into our healthcare profession. To help  address concerns of veterans' access to care, Congress established the  Office of Rural Health within the VA in 2007. This office has done  outstanding work over the years to recruit, train, and retain rural  healthcare professionals. Everything we do in Congress in relation to  the VA workforce must complement that work.   Approximately 25 percent of our Nation's veterans live in rural  communities and comprise nearly 11 percent of the adult rural  population. Rural veterans account for 36 percent of all VA enrollees.  43 percent of rural veterans earn an annual income of less than  $26,000, and more than 40 percent do not have access to broadband  internet. This limits the accessibility of our rural veterans to online  healthcare services.   According to the Census, the rates of uninsurance, disability,  poverty, and unemployment among veterans all increase as the levels of  rurality increases. Four in ten have at least one service-connected  disability. The Seventh Congressional District of Alabama is home to  more than 36,000 veterans and over 5,000 VA employees at eight  facilities. I visited with the VA staff at several of these facilities,  and I am always impressed with the work that they do every day on  behalf of our Nation's veterans. With all of the negativity surrounding  our VA employees over the past several years, I want to take this  opportunity to commend those public servants who rise every morning to  help our veterans lead productive and healthy lives.   I hope my colleagues, both urban and rural, will work with me to  ensure that rural veterans thrive in their communities and rural  Americans are included in this outstanding VA workforce recruitment  bill. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman  for supporting this amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues to  support it as well.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   