 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Lowey for yielding,  and I rise in opposition to this continuing resolution that some might  consider ridiculous.  [[Page H10399]]    No matter how you look at it, Republicans have control of all of the  reins of the Federal Government; yet we find ourselves, again, locked  in an artificial crisis of their own creation on the third punt to try  to run this government for another couple of weeks.   First in September, then again 2 weeks ago, and now here again today,  the government will be set on automatic pilot because President Trump  and his fellow Republicans refuse to pass a real budget under regular  order so the Appropriations Committee can get its work done within  strict budget parameters. These last 3 months, Congress has been left  to twiddle its thumbs while the list of unmet priorities for Americans  has steadily grown.   Most notably, let me address the Children's Health Insurance Program,  or CHIP, that covers over 9 million children in our country and more  than 220,000 in Ohio. In fact, that insurance program expired 81 days  ago. It covers half the children in my district.   How do you think it makes those families feel? What are they going to  do after the end of March?   Unfortunately, this spending bill only provides enough funding for  the CHIP program through March 31, again kicking the can down the road.   Let me mention, too, the budgets for community health centers, which  also expired last September 30. They serve more than 25 million  patients and are the Nation's largest source of primary comprehensive  care for people in need. Don't they deserve full respect from this  Congress for the life-giving work they do?   Mr. Speaker, I will close with this. Up to 10 million private  pensions are at risk across our country through no fault of the  workers. Congress must act. But where is the leadership? Our solution  is the Butch Lewis Act, which ensures America's private pensioners  receive the benefits they earned.   So whether it is helping our retirees or caring for our children,  time and again Republicans are ignoring real middle class Americans.    Yet, the Republicans had no problem finding trillions for  billionaires who end up funding their campaigns, too.   This prescription simply is bad medicine for America, and I ask my  colleagues to vote ``no.''   