 Mr. Speaker, one of the things I appreciate most about  the job that I have to represent Hawaii's Second District is to be able  to respond to and provide assistance to the hundreds of veterans from  across my State that contact our office every single year. They call to  ask for help with things like compensation and pension issues, health  care, mileage reimbursement, especially for our veterans who live on  the neighboring islands where they don't have a VA clinic on an island,  education, home loan benefits, and more. This is a responsibility as a  Member of Congress and as a fellow veteran that I take very seriously.   Right now, if a veteran contacts my office for assistance, we are  required to go directly through the congressional liaison at the VA. We  act as the veterans advocate to try to get answers for them on things  that they haven't been able to get answers on, things that they haven't  heard back on.   Too often, we are faced with the bureaucratic layers within the VA  and a slow turnaround that leave congressional staff, like mine and my  colleagues here, jumping through hoops to access basic, but critical,  information on behalf of our veterans and their families. At times, we  have waited for months to get answers from the VA on behalf of a Hawaii  veteran for something that should be a quick turnaround, like a status  update. This is unacceptable.    I am proud to cosponsor the WINGMAN Act, legislation introduced by  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Yoho), my friend and colleague, which  allows us to cut through the red tape and ensure that our certified  caseworkers within our offices can provide quicker, more efficient, and  effective service to our veterans. It would help streamline the  veterans claims process by allowing congressional offices on behalf of  our veteran constituents to directly access the status of pending  claims, rating decisions, statement of the case, and so on.   I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation so that  all of us working here in the people's House can better serve our  veterans who have sacrificed so much for our communities and our  country.    Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 244, the  HIRE Vets Act, which I am so proud and honored to have worked on with  my colleague and fellow veteran, Colonel Paul Cook from California.   This is personal for us. This is about our brothers and sisters in  uniform--from different generations--who have been honored and thanked  for their service in uniform but who, unfortunately, are often  forgotten about when they lay that uniform down. Most people aren't  aware that every single day roughly 500 veterans are transitioning from  military life to civilian life, joining more than 2.9 million veterans  who have returned home since 9/11 alone. Through their service and  training, these are men and women who are highly trained, who have  experience in leading, in making decisions under pressure, in acting  and working well as members of a team, and in accomplishing the  mission.   Data show that veterans are civic assets in our communities. They  have higher rates of voting, of engaging with local governments and  community organizations, of participating actively in community  service, and more. Together, these qualities make our veterans  especially valuable to employers, whether it be in the private sector,  in the public sector, or in the nonprofit sector.   Unfortunately, for them, returning to a civilian job market is not as  easy as it should be. They often face an unfriendly job market or even  an unfriendly culture that doesn't fully understand them and what they  bring to the table. Many people don't understand that our veterans are  not seeking pity or a handout but are simply looking for an opportunity  to continue to serve--to continue to contribute to our communities and  to our country.   This legislation is focused on encouraging employers to hire more  veterans. We have seen different programs and initiatives in my home  State of Hawaii and in States across the country that focus on  recruiting and retaining veterans, but the fact is that there are still  more than 400,000 unemployed veterans across the country. We need to do  more.   This legislation, the HIRE Vets Act, gets directly at this need by  setting up an incentive system to encourage employers to hire and  retain veterans. It creates a standard of recognition for employers who  go the extra mile to recruit and retain veterans and provide services  that support our veteran community.   We came together at the end of last year and passed this legislation  unanimously. I am hopeful that my colleagues will once again stand and  pass this important legislation and move it along through the Senate  and to the President's desk for his signature.   