 Mr. President, I thank my friend and mentor, a great  Illinoisan, Senator Durbin for being here today. I wouldn't be here  without his guidance and friendship over the years.   It is truly an honor to stand at this desk, which was once held by  another great Illinoisan by the name of Barack Obama, delivering my  maiden speech from the floor of the U.S. Senate to the people of  Illinois, the same State that has been represented in Washington by  other impressive leaders like Paul Simon and Abraham Lincoln. And it is  an honor to address the people of the United States of America, the  greatest Nation in the world.   Though we have occasionally made choices as a society that do not  reflect our best selves, we are today the greatest Nation on Earth  because of the founding ideals that have anchored our Nation and  because of the shared values that have guided the development and  strength of our economy and our people--values like treating each other  equally, showing strength and resilience in the face of hardship, and  embracing the diversity that makes us who we are. They are shared  values that have helped us to strive toward that more perfect Union the  Constitution's Framers envisioned, a more perfect Union that offers  everyone a chance to reach his or her potential, a more perfect Union  that will not give up on its people, and a more perfect Union whose  people don't give up on themselves either.   We face a great deal of challenges and threats, threats I know well,  but we cannot allow today's hardships to change who we are as a people,  to tear down the pillars that make this Nation great. Falling victim to  fear and demagoguery will only ensure a weaker America for our  children, and that is simply not the future I want for my Abigail.   When we, as a society, think about the future we want for all of our  children, I think it is important for us to remember how we got here.  Our Nation wasn't founded as the dominant global economic and military  force that it is today. We were not founded as the leader of the free  world; our people built that. Americans understood that when we invest  in ourselves, the fabric that holds our country together only grows  stronger. A scrappy gang of patriots in the American Revolution--my own  family included--won us our liberty, which we used to push for greater  civil and human rights and to make investments in agricultural and  educational systems that sparked our economy, allowing us to strengthen  our military into the greatest fighting force the world has ever seen.   Success, however, was never guaranteed. From our founding, the United  States of America was forged through fierce debates and stark  divisions. Slavery led to bloodshed across the country, including in  the Senate Chamber, and culminated in brothers killing brothers during  our Civil War. Yet our Union made it through our greatest challenges  and emerged even stronger. We emerged a more perfect Union.   Our strength has been on display outside of our military as well:  When heroes like Frederick Douglass and Harriet Tubman risked  everything to help bring an end to slavery; when Martin Luther King,  Jr., had a dream; when the children of the Little Rock Nine braved  harassment and abuse to bring an end to segregated schools and ensure  educational opportunity for all; and when the backbreaking work of  Asian and American laborers united our Nation from sea to shining sea  with the completion of the transcontinental railroad.   America catalyzed the industrial revolution for the globe. We helped  rescue the global community from fascism during World War II. We  promoted civil and human rights around the globe. We explored space,  launched the internet revolution, helped feed the world, built a world- class infrastructure network, developed a gold standard education  system, and grew the strongest economy ever seen.   We were able to win World War II not because of the brave troops in  our Armed Forces alone but also because our Nation's manufacturers and  steel mills were able to produce the tanks and planes and firearms and  other tools we needed to defeat the Nazis. We were able to build those  weapons, launch the internet revolution, and send a man to the Moon  only because we had a well-educated workforce made of people from all  around the globe, all of whom had an opportunity to attend world-class  colleges and universities right here in the United States, universities  we spent generations strengthening.   Our economy was able to grow to its current strength not only because  of that well-educated workforce and those who came from distant lands  but also all who came and stayed to contribute to our society. It was  also able to grow because we had invested heavily in infrastructure and  built an interstate system and air and rail networks that enabled our  farmers, ranchers, and  [[Page S2508]]  other producers to get their goods to market inside and outside our  country's borders.   We were able to feed the world not only because of our strong  agricultural sector and infrastructure alone but also because of the  scientific advances supported by those educational institutions that  helped increase farm production and yields.   Throughout our history, we pushed to expand human and civil rights  from the abolitionists to the suffragettes, learning from people like  the Tuskegee Airmen, the Selma marchers, and the LGBTQ leaders today  that being inclusive and enabling people to reach their full potential  only strengthens the American core. We did all of these things as a  result of our shared values, and we have reaped their rewards for  generations.   We have seen our Nation's strength in our prouder moments, as when  America chose to go to the Moon--not because it was easy but, in  President Kennedy's words, because it was hard.   We have seen our strength in tragedy, reuniting under a common cause  in the rubble of the Pentagon and Ground Zero on 9/11.   We might get knocked down, but the America that I know, the America  that I fought for and love, does not give up. That is not a Democratic  principle or a Republican principle; it is simply the American way.   America's greatness has never depended on the strength of any  individual person, but on all of us working together toward a common  goal. When we have failed to stay true to our core values, when we deny  another person our Nation's promise of opportunity, our Nation's  strength suffers. When a child can't access the tools to succeed in  school, when a woman can't afford basic healthcare, when refugees  fleeing terror see the door slammed shut in their face, when we deny  civil rights on the basis of skin color or sexual orientation or  religion, and when a working family can't put food on the table, our  whole Nation suffers. At the end of the day, America's greatness  depends on each of us remaining true to the common values of our  Nation.   But we have lost sight of those values. The Nation that built an  interstate highway system, that was a refuge for immigrants who became  the foundation of our economy, this Nation that pushed humanity to new  heights, first with planes and helicopters and then into space, that  same Nation seems to have forgotten how to invest in itself.   Our country that ushered in the era of aviation is now home to aging  airports that struggle to compete with their global competitors. Our  country that took on the Herculean task of reversing the flow of the  Chicago River to protect the city's drinking water can no longer muster  the resources to modernize public water systems to prevent our children  from being poisoned by lead. Our country that built the greatest  military the world has ever seen, sending a signal that we will not  cower in front of anyone, now finds itself with leaders who believe in  the misguided notion that it is simply better to hide behind walls than  to help lead with strength.   Make no mistake, America has not lost her greatness. Our Nation  remains the dominant force on the global stage. But if we don't act, if  we don't invest in ourselves, our adversaries are positioned to  overtake us.    Though some may try to convince us the path forward is less  engagement with the world, less acceptance of others, and less  investment in ourselves, I know the path forward for our country cannot  include--does not include--turning our backs on the shared values that  built this Nation.   Perhaps more than any other State, Illinois knows this. We represent  all the strengths of our Nation, from our dynamic cities to our strong  rural and industrial communities and everything in between. We are the  realization of the values that have created that robust American  economy, bolstered by a strong agricultural community and manufacturing  sector, both of which innovate and strengthen our Nation with the help  of wise public policy and investments.   Those investments enabled Illinois steelworkers to help us develop  our farmland, build our cities, and secure our military strength.  American manufacturing built this Nation, but too many of the steel  mills we relied on to win World War II have been idled or shuttered  completely.   After years of illegal trade practices, like dumping of cheap foreign  products and currency manipulation by our competitors, our  manufacturing base has been weakened. That hurts not only American jobs  but also our Nation's military strength as well as the resilience of  our entire economy. We simply need to do a better job of keeping  manufacturing jobs within our borders, and we need to make the  investments necessary to ensure that we have a workforce trained for  our 21st century jobs.   We can do better by Illinois' tens of thousands of farmers as well.  These farmers, ranchers, and agricultural workers form the basis of our  Nation. They all wake up with a purpose, each farm feeding nearly 170  people every year while supporting an industry that is developing  cutting-edge biofuels and other technologies.   I have seen firsthand the painful price our Nation pays because of  our overreliance on oil imported from our competitors. The simple fact  is that American farmers are helping us improve our national security.  They are helping to strengthen our Armed Forces and our entire country  every day. They are already helping produce billions of gallons of  clean fuel for our cars, our factories, and our military, and every  single one of those gallons brings us closer to energy independence.   We cannot afford to leave our agricultural sector behind. We should  be working to preserve policies like the Renewable Fuel Standard that  support agricultural jobs and to open new markets, like Cuba, for their  goods.   For generations, our manufacturers and agricultural sectors have  relied on a strong infrastructure network, including roads, bridges,  waterways, railways, and air transportation, to get their goods to  market, both domestically and internationally. Illinois has often led  the way. We built the Nation's first elevated electric rail line in the  1800s. But today, far too much of that infrastructure is crumbling. It  is in dire need of the investments our society once understood the need  for. The down payments previous generations made paid dividends to us  all in the form of increased tourism, lower costs, more efficient  shipments, easier travel, and so many other benefits.   If we fail to continue the investments past generations have made, we  risk falling behind our global competitors, hurting not only our  tourism industry but also our manufacturers and our hard-working  ranchers, farmers, and producers who will find it harder and more  expensive to get their products to market.   If we choose to disregard our infrastructure much longer, we simply  will not be able to compete in the 21st century global economy.  Improving our infrastructure isn't a partisan issue. It is common  sense. It is an economic priority, a defense priority, and a national  security imperative. This is something we can all work on together.   I am proud to say that the first bill I proposed after arriving here  in the Senate passed unanimously with bipartisan support. It will cut  redtape and help streamline efforts to modernize our infrastructure and  allow our economy to continue growing for generations to come.   That is also true of supporting our schools, colleges, and  universities. We have developed global gold standards for education  that enable our manufacturers, agricultural workers, engineers, and  brilliant Americans all across every sector to push our economy  further.   There is a reason that wealthy elites across the globe--including  world leaders from foreign lands--still send their children to be  educated on our shores, in world class institutions like the University  of Illinois and the University of Chicago. Our education system is  widely recognized as the best in the world. Our teachers and  institutions continue to produce some of the best trained and most  skilled professionals in every field imaginable--both American and  international students. That is a good thing.   But more and more Americans are no longer able to access those same  educational opportunities. We have priced too many of our own children  out of the market for those colleges and universities that we have  developed to ensure our Nation's workforce remains  [[Page S2509]]  more skilled than our competitors, or we have saddled them with  crippling debt. We are failing to make the necessary investments in K- 12 public institutions that, regardless of ZIP Code, should be  preparing every single one of our children to lead our country into the  future.   Quality primary education should not be a privilege only for the  wealthy, and it should not depend on rolling the dice on receiving a  voucher. In the greatest and wealthiest Nation in the world, a quality  education should be a right for every single American child. Our  Nation's promise of opportunity should be a reality for every child in  America, not just for those whose parents can afford it. We already  have some of the world's greatest teachers, the brightest students, and  the best facilities within our own borders. All we have to do is ensure  they have the resources they need to succeed. That means our kids  should not have to worry about going to school hungry or getting the  help they need after school or being able to pay for college when they  graduate high school.    That is why I focus on commonsense solutions to increase access to  educational opportunity, whether by helping to lead the charge to make  college more affordable or doing well to ensure the education we are  providing people actually helps them find good-paying jobs when they  graduate.   In that vein, I am also disheartened by the recent erosion of civil  rights protections in our Nation. The calls for bigger walls and closed  doors are not only bad, costly policies, they run counter to our  society's shared value for inclusion over exclusion. Too many of us  seem to forget the immigrant roots within our own families. If we lose  sight of our Nation's founding principles, as some in Washington would  like us to do, we will lose out on the innovations we have seen from  immigrants and immigrant families.   If we had rejected immigrants years ago, Apple Computers might never  have been founded by the son of a Syrian man. I worry that at a time  when we still have so much work to do to make our Union more perfect  and to provide truly equal rights for all, under the current  administration we are at risk of backtracking on hard-fought progress  made by civil rights leaders who bled and even died for the rights of  all Americans, regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual  orientation, income or ZIP Code to have the right to vote, to have  equal protection under the law, to have basic worker protections, and  for the everyday rights and privileges so many of us take for granted.  We still have so much progress left to make if we want the American  dream to be accessible to all Americans--equal pay for equal work, a  criminal justice system that truly provides justice for all, nationwide  leave policies that enable anyone to take time to care for a sick  family member or to start a family, a society that is accessible for  all disabled Americans and truly equal for all LGBTQ Americans.   I worry that we are at risk of going backward instead of forward.  Failing to continue our Nation's inclusive nature weakens our global  standing as well as the rest of the world begins to look elsewhere for  moral leadership. That would be a failure for us and a weakening of our  Nation that I will fight to prevent.   Of course, I also know how much our military has contributed to our  Nation's greatness throughout our history. We must do a better job of  recognizing these contributions, not just by purchasing equipment and  technology, though what our skilled workforce has done is the envy of  the world, but also by ensuring that we recognize and respect the  sacrifices made by our troops, our military families, and our veterans.  Servicemembers embody our values of shared sacrifice and perseverance,  of loyalty and selfless service, and they each make great sacrifices to  protect us.   They deserve from their leaders in Washington a clear sense of  mission and strategy, and they deserve to know we fully support them.  So, yes, when the drums of war are beating in the White House or in  Congress, you can bet I am going to be right here on the floor of the  Senate, asking tough questions and making sure our leaders in  Washington, especially those who have never worn the uniform, truly  consider the true costs of war--not just in dollars and cents but in  human lives--in the commitments we are making on behalf of the Nation.  I will also be here to remind my colleagues that we are all dishonored  when any veteran is forced to lay their head down to sleep on the same  streets they defended. We must end veterans homelessness. When our  troops come home, I will be working to see that the veterans receive  the care and support they earned for the sacrifices they have made.   Each of these components of our society contribute to what has made  our country great--our military, our values, our infrastructure, our  agriculture, our manufacturers, and our world-class educational system.  If we fall prey to our fears, to our worst demons, and allow any of  these pillars to fall, we will lose our opportunity to remain the  leader of the world. We can rebuild the foundation of our Nation's  strength and revamp it for the 21st century, but we can't simply rest  on our past successes and act like our greatness is guaranteed forever.  It isn't. It will take work.   This is deeply personal for me. I wouldn't be here today without the  public education that enabled me to serve in our military for more than  two decades and allowed me to give back to my Nation, both in and out  of uniform.   Our Nation would not be as strong as it is today without the millions  of individuals who sacrificed to build it. Our Nation's strength--what  truly makes America great--is rooted firmly in our shared sense of  sacrifice. It comes from our single parents working multiple jobs just  to make sure our kids don't go to school hungry; it comes from the  farmer in Illinois waking long before dawn and working long after dusk  to help power and feed our Nation; it comes from an immigrant family  willing to put everything on the line to give their kids a chance at a  better life than their own; it comes from the hard work and compassion,  the sacrifice that Americans serving in our country in and out of the  military demonstrate every single day.   We can all do a better job of remembering the shared values that have  helped to build this Nation, but I want to make one thing clear:  America is already great. We shouldn't let anyone tell us otherwise.   We know we still have a lot of work to do as a country, but let us  not lose sight of the core values that make our improbable Union  possible. We are still the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth,  and if anyone has the capacity to overcome the challenges of today, it  is this Nation. It is the American people.   I thank my colleagues for joining me today for my maiden speech.   Thank you, Mr. President.   