 Madam President, I would like to take this time to  discuss a critical public health crisis affecting constituents in  Illinois and all across the country. Each day, 46 people die from  overdose of prescription painkillers in the United States. In Illinois,  that number is only growing.   Overdose deaths in Illinois from opioids rose about 275 percent from  2008 to 2014. There are an estimated 460,000 nonmedical prescription  opioid users in Illinois alone. A major portion of the total number of  drug-poisoning deaths between 2013 and 2015 were a result of opioid and  prescription drug abuse. Over 4,000 people died as a result of opioids  and prescription drugs, and 2,000 people died due to heroin. Illinois  also had the third fastest rising death rates from synthetic opioids in  the Nation, with overdoses rising by 120 percent from 2014 to 2015.  Unfortunately, Illinois is third from the bottom for treatment of  substance abuse because of lack of funding and resources to healthcare  providers and law enforcement partners in the State.   These numbers are alarming, but I would like to share a story behind  those numbers--a face. Laura Fry is a mother whose family has  experienced the worst of the opioid epidemic. Her son, Alexander, is 29  years old and in remission from heroin use disorder.   Alexander was just a normal kid growing up in Wauconda, IL. He had  his entire life ahead of him. Then, when he was 17, he had a  snowboarding accident and was taken to the emergency room after he lost  consciousness. That is when doctors found a mass on his cerebellum and  he had to undergo major brain surgery. It was after this surgery that  Alexander became addicted to morphine, and his drug abuse began.   When Alexander graduated from high school, he began working at a  hospital, where he was able to steal drugs to fuel his abuse. Over  time, his drug abuse spiraled out of control. He was fired from his job  for stealing narcotics and was arrested for possession of heroin. But  because this was his first offense, he was given a very strict 2-year  probation. Over the next 4 months, he tested positive for heroin  several times, and then he simply disappeared. Laura did not know where  her son was or whether he was even alive for 10 months. Finally, he was  arrested and taken into custody.   In Lake County, IL, we thankfully have a criminal justice system that  recognizes addiction is a disease. The court gave Alexander the  opportunity to continue his probation, and he was allowed to perform  hundreds of hours of community service and to attend an intensive  outpatient program.   In the spring of last year, Laura and her son Alexander appeared in  court for the last time. Alexander is now a volunteer for Live4Lali, a  substance abuse program in Illinois. He attends community outreach  events, shares stories, and offers trainings in naloxone use--a  lifesaving drug that reverses opioid overdoses. He has gone from being  a user to someone who is transforming lives.   Alexander's story is a reminder that Congress must focus on enhancing  recovery efforts, and we are beginning to take steps in the right  direction. For example, I was a proud supporter of the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act, also known as CARA, when I served in the  House. CARA, which passed with overwhelming bipartisan support,  establishes, supports, and strengthens a number of programs to fight  the opioid crisis in communities. It provides opportunities for  rehabilitation, like the outpatient program Alexander attended, and  expands access to drugs like naloxone, which are saving lives on the  frontlines of this epidemic.   I applaud these efforts, but I have serious concerns about the  majority's commitment to actually funding these essential programs to  rehabilitate our fellow Americans who are suffering from opioid  addiction because, while we can all agree that CARA's intent was to  transform our opioid crisis, the bill failed to provide any actual  funds to enact these effective programs.   I, along with many of my colleagues, have asked for CARA to be fully  funded and to provide additional funding to the drug courts and veteran  treatment courts, which essentially reduced crime, saved taxpayer  dollars, and saved the lives of more than 1.25 million civilians and  veterans. In addition, we must also make sure families have access to  medicine that can save lives during an overdose by calling on  manufacturers to offer naloxone to rein in the costs.   I share this story because the turmoil that the Fry family faced is  not unique. Millions of Americans are experiencing the impact of opioid  abuse, and many of these American stories have much more tragic  endings. We can and must do more for these families.   I ask that we take the time, consider the story of Alexander and his  family, and step up and do the right thing. Let's fund CARA fully.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   