 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this continuing  resolution, which is, yet again, a complete abdication of our  responsibilities as Members of Congress.   What we have before us today is evidence that the so-called  Republican leadership simply cannot deliver on the promises they have  made to the American people. Instead, this Congress has decided to  continue taking the ludicrous approach of funding the government for  just a few weeks at a time, while ignoring the pressing issues that  demand our attention.   Over the last few weeks, Republicans in this Congress have decided to  focus only on pushing through legislation designed to further enrich  giant corporations, while adding $1.5 trillion to the deficit.   Yet, to the DREAMers who teach our children, care for our sick, and  serve our Nation, Republicans continue to say: You just have to wait.   For millions of our most vulnerable--young kids suffering from  illness and debilitating disease, who are reliant on the Children's  Health Insurance Program--Republicans have made it clear their  priorities lie elsewhere.   And to those who have served our country with dignity and pride, the  Republican majority has failed to provide urgently needed resources to  address the dire shortfalls at the VA.   Well, Mr. Speaker, the DREAMers cannot wait. The threat of  deportation looms over these courageous individuals every single day.  Sick children deserve our attention now. They should not be used as  bargaining chips in this reckless debate. And our Nation's veterans  need to know we have got their backs without delay. We cannot deny them  the healthcare that they have earned.   Don't tell me that we don't have the funds to support those who need  us the most, when this Congress just gave a handout to those who need  it the least.   This pathetic continuing resolution fails to address the needs of the  people who sent us here. It doesn't even come close.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``no.''   