 Mr. President, today we are voting on the motion to  adopt the conference report on H.R. 1, the Tax Reconciliation Act. I  will be voting against adoption of the conference report.   I have long called for tax reform. We should bring down the business  income tax rate. We should bring back the money being held overseas to  fund the infrastructure improvements we need across the country. We  should simplify the code and help middle-class Americans pay their  bills.   But I have been disappointed by the most recent effort, which has not  been bipartisan at all and has resulted in a bill that will add to the  debt, create huge new loopholes that will encourage companies to move  money around and move jobs overseas to avoid taxes, and will have huge  unintended consequences for our economy.   One of the most troubling developments of this bill was the inclusion  of a provision to repeal a key part of the Affordable Care Act that  would kick 13 million people off their insurance by 2027 and increase  premiums by 10 percent in the individual market. That means less money  in the pockets of American middle-class families. The American people  want us to work together to make fixes to the Affordable Care Act, not  move backwards with a partisan approach to healthcare added into a tax  bill.   This bill also hurts middle-class families by doing a bait and  switch. Under the bill, millions of middle-class Americans would end up  paying more in taxes in the long run. Many of the tax cuts they  receive, if they receive a tax cut at all, would only be temporary.   This bill would allow a one-time opportunity to bring back some of  the trillions of dollars of earnings held overseas by U.S. companies. I  have long supported this, but I also would like to see at least part of  any of the billions in taxes raised by this provision to be used to  fund infrastructure.   The American Society of Civil Engineers' 2017 report card gave our  Nation's infrastructure an overall D-plus grade. There is an economic  imperative to fixing our infrastructure: Businesses rely on our  transportation network to move goods to market. If our deteriorating  infrastructure goes unaddressed, it will cost our economy nearly $4  trillion by 2025, leading to the loss of 2.5 million jobs. That is a  crisis that we have an opportunity to address through a tax bill, but  we aren't. It is a missed opportunity.   If done right, we can close loopholes, bring back money U.S.  companies are holding overseas to fund infrastructure projects here at  home, give local businesses the ability to compete against out-of-State  Internet retailers, support our rural communities, and provide  incentives to keep jobs in America.   I have always said we could bring down the corporate tax rate, but  not by adding $1.5 trillion to the debt. We need to work together to  pass a tax plan that works for everyone, one that helps middle-class  families and Main Street businesses, and without blowing up the  deficit.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in opposing this conference  report.   