 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the  U.S. Virgin Islands for her leadership on this matter, serving as co- chair for the Caribbean Caucus, and being an outspoken advocate and  fighter on behalf of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands who are  still reeling from the two hurricanes that wreaked havoc on the three  islands of the U.S. Virgin Islands. I want to thank the gentlewoman for  organizing us this evening and really moderating what we all have to  say here today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concern for the more than  300,000 temporary protected status beneficiaries who are under attack  from this administration.   Temporary protected status was signed into law with bipartisan  support by President George H. W. Bush as part of the Immigration Act  of 1990. Since then, it has been used in roughly equal numbers by  Democratic and Republican Presidents alike. This program is based on a  simple idea that we can all agree upon: the idea that it is immoral to  send someone back to a country suffering from famine, disease, war, or  governmental collapse where they could reasonably expect to perish.   Today, instead, we, as a society, decided long ago as a humanitarian  gesture to extend ourselves as a safe haven and to temporarily allow  such people the ability to lawfully remain in the United States for up  to 18 months at a time and seek gainful employment as conditions in  their home countries would improve.    This is not citizenship, and this is not amnesty. Rather, it is a way  of protecting human life while allowing eligible individuals from  Haiti, Yemen, Honduras, Nicaragua, and numerous other countries across  the world to earn wages for themselves and their loved ones abroad.  Unfortunately, this administration's antipathy toward immigrants-- particularly immigrants of color--has found its way to some of the most  vulnerable amongst us and threatens the existence of this commonsense  program rooted in human decency and respect for life.   This program of agreement is now being totally undermined with real  lives hanging in the balance. For example, while it would seem obvious  to extend Haiti's temporary protected status in light of the  catastrophic 2010 earthquake, subsequent cholera epidemic, food  insecurity crisis, and the damage inflicted by Hurricanes Matthew,  Irma, and Maria, this administration only extended Haiti's status for 6  months in the month of May, while, at the same time, the administration  insinuated that Haitian TPS recipients were criminals.   The administration now appears ready to ignore the advice of Haiti  experts in the United States and the request of the Haitian Ambassador  by forcing some 50,000 Haitians to subject themselves to life- threatening conditions in Haiti. This would not just be tragic for  those forced to return, it would also be detrimental to Haiti's economy  which benefits significantly from the hard-earned remittances that  Haitian TPS beneficiaries send back to their loved ones. It is also no  way to treat a neighbor that is located less than a 2-hour flight away  from American soil, the most impoverished nation of the Western  Hemisphere. Indeed, such a decision would be cruel and unusual  punishment.   For this reason, I have worked with Congressman Cedric Richmond,  chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and my colleagues of the  Congressional Black Caucus in sending a letter to Acting DHS Secretary  Elaine Duke, signed by the entire Congressional Black Caucus,  requesting a full 18-month extension of Haiti's TPS status. I also  asked that Acting Secretary Duke take the Haitian Ambassador up on his  invitation to visit Haiti and to see the conditions for herself.   However, Haiti is not the only country that clearly merits an  extension. Nearly 60,000 Hondurans and Nicaraguans currently await news  of their fate, as will thousands of other immigrants from Africa, Asia,  and the Middle East.  [[Page H8516]]    While I hope that Acting Secretary Duke will do the right thing and  make an evidence-based decision in light of the human cost to her  actions, our experience teaches us that we must also prepare for the  worst.   Where this administration refuses to respect decades of bipartisan  agreement, Congress must assert its constitutional powers and act to  safeguard human life and American interests. I, therefore, call upon my  congressional colleagues to come together and pass bipartisan  legislation that will protect the hundreds of thousands of TPS  beneficiaries from around the world--Black, brown, Asian and other--who  are, at this moment, relying upon us for their very lives.   Although we live in times of great division, now is the moment to  come together and recommit to the basic values that unite us all. This  country was founded upon the idea of human dignity, and TPS is yet  another test of whether we will be true to that idea or fall painfully  short. We must not fall short, but instead we must rise to the  occasion.   Mr. Speaker, TPS is something that falls within our purview to  address. It is my sincere hope that we will address this impending  crisis.   When I think about Haitians who are living here, many who, at this  stage, had children born in the United States, and many who are here  during the most productive time of their lives when they can work  because of their strength, their ability, and their intellect, it would  be a travesty to begin separating families and to wrench from these  individuals the opportunity to add value to our civil society while  undergirding the nation of their birth, the nation that many hope to  return to at the appropriate time by summarily excusing them from our  civil society.   Having said that, I, too, stand with my colleagues to extend on  behalf of Chairman Richmond, the executive officers, and members of the  CBC a heartfelt condolence in this season of bereavement to our dear  colleague, Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson, on the loss of her  sister. She remains in our prayers at this time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands,  once again, for her leadership.   