 Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose H.R.  3354, a bill that not only fails to make critical investments in our  Nation's future, but also eliminates important protections for everyday  Americans.   As ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, I am  particularly concerned that H.R. 3354 imposes such severe cuts on the  Department of Housing and Urban Development that it will result in  families losing their housing assistance and putting them at risk for  homelessness.   The bill also takes some of the worst provisions from the  Republican's ``Wrong'' CHOICE Act that would return our economy to the  reckless practices that caused the financial crisis.   One provision takes away the authority of the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau to stop abusive practices by banks like Wells Fargo,  which ripped off more than 3.5 million of its customers. Another  provision repeals the Labor Department's commonsense rule that protects  seniors from conflicted retirement advice from unscrupulous financial  advisers.   There are so many gifts to Wall Street, one would think Christmas  came early. But it isn't Christmas, Mr. Chair. It is September, and we  are in the middle of hurricane season. Our cities are literally under  water, yet the Republican leadership has done nothing to prevent the  National Flood Insurance Program from expiring at the end of the month.   Republicans have also let us come dangerously close to defaulting on  our debt and the obligations owed to servicemembers, veterans, seniors,  and the most vulnerable among us. Just yesterday, 800,000 young  Democrats were told by our President that their future is in the hands  of a hostile Congress.   We must oppose this bill so we can get to work on what Congress  should really be doing.    Mr. Chair, I appeal the ruling of  the Chair, and I seek time to debate the appeal.    Mr. Chairman, I must say, I am  deeply disappointed by the sinister attempt being made here today to  strip a critical Republican-led amendment from this appropriations bill  that would thwart the will of overwhelming majorities in both Houses  and undermine the work of the job-creating Export-Import Bank.   As of the end of 2016, as many as 50 major transactions, with an  aggregate value of nearly $40 billion, had piled up in the Bank's  approval pipeline. And according to the Ex-Im Bank, if approved, these  transactions would support more than 100,000 jobs in the United States.   The longer we wait, the greater the risk that these pending  transactions will be withdrawn and sourced by our foreign competitors  and the greater the likelihood that jobs that would have otherwise  supported here in the United States will move offshore.   The chairman of the Financial Services Committee claims that striking  this amendment would have ``no budgetary effect'' but this is hardly  the case. President Trump's own fiscal year 2018 budget estimates that  a fully functional Export-Import Bank would generate $587.7 million in  excess funds in the next fiscal year.     Mr. Chair, I would like to continue  to appeal the ruling of the Chair.   I hardly think it is in order, and I would ask the Chair to rule the  request by Chairman Hensarling as not in violation.   