 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the  ``Veterans' Access to Child Care Act,'' which makes permanent the VA's  Child Care Pilot Program and expands it so that all veterans who are  primary caretakers have a safe, reliable, and cost-free option for  child care when they use VA healthcare.   As the founder and chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I  fully understand the importance of having access to affordable and safe  child care.   The bill provides child care assistance to an eligible veteran for  any period that the veteran receives covered health care services at a  VA facility, and is required to travel to and return from such facility  for the receipt of such services.   My own city of Houston is home to the second largest veterans'  community in the United States in terms of resident veterans.   The U.S. Census Bureau recorded that Houston is home to approximately  282,000 veterans, which is almost one-fifth of the state's veteran  population.   The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in the city of Houston has  111,189 veterans enrolled in the center.   For these veterans in Houston and veterans across the country, H.R.  95 provides access to child care for veterans receiving mental health  services and other intensive health care services at VA facilities.   The VA reported that it had provided free childcare to 10,000  children through the pilot program and that veterans were consistently  ``completely satisfied'' with the services received.   H.R. 95 ensures that veterans continue to get the care they have  earned and deserve, and that includes ensuring that those seeking  treatment at VA medical facilities do not miss appointments because  they do not have access to safe and reliable child care.   The lack of convenient and affordable child care has prevented  veterans from getting the medical care they need.   The cost of full time infant care across the United States in 2012  ranged from $4,600 to $20,200 a year.   The cost of full time care for a 4 year old ranged from $3,900 to  $15,450.   Of those seeking childcare, 89 percent were looking for full time  care and only 11 percent were looking for part-time care.   Parents who serve as the primary care taker of a child should not  have to sacrifice their own health to find safe and reliable child  care.   We must remove barriers that impede veterans' access to health care.   Currently, the Child Care Pilot Program offers free child care for  qualified veterans using VA healthcare services at a limited number of  participating sites around the United States.   Congress has reauthorized this popular pilot program three times in  separate bills, but it is time to make this program permanent.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important  legislation.    Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee and vigilant defender of our national security, I  rise in support of H.R. 3180, the ``Intelligence Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2018,'' which will provide the Intelligence Community (IC)  with the necessary resources and authorities to ensure they remain  capable of protecting and defending the United States.   Our intelligence community is facing unprecedented threats from our  adversaries around the world as this Administration struggles with the  basics of leading this great nation.   The Obama Administration left the nation with a stable and growing  economy; several important international coalition wins that include  the Iranian Nuclear Arms Deal; the Russia Sanctions; and the Paris  Climate Agreement.   The work of our intelligence community is a key asset in our efforts  to thwart our adversaries when they seek to do Americans or our  interests harm.   Following the Election, President-elect Trump was critical of the  intelligence community.   In December 2016, he attacked the CIA over its assessment that  Russian hacks on Democratic political targets were intended to help him  win the White House.   In January of this year just prior to his inauguration, he compared  our intelligence community to Nazi Germany, while making an unfounded  accusation that the intelligence community leaked an unconfirmed  dossier of sensitive information regarding him compiled by a private  investigator.   President Trump's disclosure of highly sensitive intelligence to  Russian officials during a visit they had in the oval office raises  grave concerns among our allies regarding sharing information with our  intelligence community and the disclosure threatened to fracture his  already-delicate relationship with the intelligence community.   The revelation that President Trump met a second time in secret with  Russian President Putin was not disclosed to the public, but came to  light due to investigative journalism.   The New York Times reported that lawyers and aides to President Trump  are investigating the investigators hired by special counsel Robert  Mueller, by scouring their records for potential conflicts of interest  in an attempt to discredit their work.   There is a pressing need for not only funding the work of the  intelligence community, but to also provide additional protections to  guard this national asset from undue interference from an  Administration with too many entanglements with the Russian government  that are under investigation.   This bill authorizes appropriations for Fiscal Year 2018 for vital  intelligence activities of the U.S. Government, the Community  Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)  Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes.   H.R. 3180 comes at a critical time in the status of our national  security and the IC's ability to protect it.   As we continue to face a diverse and growing array of threats from  terrorist groups, hostile nation states, and questionable or  incompetent figures in the Trump administration, it is crucial that the  IC receive all the resources it needs to do its job while Congress has  the necessary tools to carry out rigorous oversight of its work.   This bill seeks to meet these challenges by supporting critical  national security programs, particularly those focused on countering  terrorism and cyberattacks.   Under H.R. 3180, the Director of National Intelligence will be  required to electronically publish an unclassified advisory report on  foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to federal  elections.   It also bolsters intelligence oversight by ensuring that IC  contractors can meet freely with Congress.   Lastly, this bill improves IC accountability to Congress by requiring  the IC to provide reports on:   Investigations of leaks of classified information;   Security clearance processing timelines;   The process for reviewing information about computer vulnerabilities  for retention or potential release;   And Russian influence campaigns directed at foreign elections and  threat finance activities.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 3180 is a necessary response to the overwhelming  evidence pointing to a carefully planned and executed infiltration of  our 2016 Presidential Election by the Russian government and its  operatives.   The issue of cybersecurity, particularly with regards to our federal  election computer system infrastructure, has been of great concern to  me and the American public as more and more reports of Russian hacking  efforts have come to light.   In addition, the provision requiring reports on security clearance  processing timelines should shed light on the highly dubious and  inscrutable security clearances of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.   Donald Trump's blatant and irresponsible nepotism towards his  daughter and son-in-law have made us all vulnerable to Russian and  other foreign influence at the highest levels of our federal  government.   H.R. 3180 will give the American people what they crave and deserve:  clarity and transparency to pierce through the haze of cover-ups and  distractions surrounding the Trump Administration.   This bill also takes significant, much-needed steps to improve  benefits for members of the IC, such as increasing employee  compensation and authorizing $514 million in appropriations for the  CIA's Retirement and Disability System.   Congress must do its part to adequately recompense the patriotic  Americans who serve our nation through their work in the IC, especially  employees with disabilities, who make up 9 percent of the intelligence  workforce.   At the same time, we must continue to ensure that Congress can  exercise oversight over and maintain transparency for the 17 agencies  that comprise the IC.   I am heartened that my Republican colleagues in the Intelligence  Committee are starting to see the light in recognizing the sinister  threat of Russian infiltration and White House collusion, both of which  endanger our nation's ability to practice and protect its core  democratic values.   I look forward to working with all Members of Congress to strengthen  our IC, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important legislation.   