 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Crapo  and I both be allowed to speak for 5 minutes on the nomination of  Randal Quarles.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, every time President Trump has the choice  between standing up for American families or standing up for wealthy  banks and giant corporations, he chooses the rich guys.   Time and again, he has promised that he would ``never be beholden to  the lobbyists or the special interests,'' but he has appointed dozens  of Big Business executives and lobbyists to senior positions in his  administration. During his campaign, he promised that he would not let  the Wall Street guys get away with murder, but after he was sworn in,  he loaded up his economic team with Goldman Sachs executives. Over and  over again, he has promised to drain the swamp, but then he appointed  an army of lobbyists and industry insiders to positions that oversee  the industries that paid them for years.   Randal Quarles is just the latest in this long line of corporate  appointments. He is President Trump's nominee to the Federal Reserve's  Vice Chair for Supervision. He has gone through the revolving door so  many times that it is hard to keep up--from a big Wall Street law firm,  to the Treasury Department, back to the Wall Street law firm, back,  eventually, to the Treasury Department, then to a private equity fund,  followed most recently by a trip to another private equity fund. Now  Mr. Quarles is ready for another spin through the revolving door.   The Vice Chair for Supervision of the Fed is one of the most  important jobs in the government. After the 2008 crisis, Congress put  the Fed in charge of supervising the biggest banks. That included banks  and other financial institutions that would bring down the whole  financial system with them if they went under--the so-called ``too big  to fail'' institutions. The Fed is what stands between millions of  American families and another economic catastrophe that could rob them  of their jobs, their savings, or their homes. After the 2008 crisis,  Congress created the Vice Chair for Supervision position to lead  efforts to supervise these giant institutions. There is no other  position in government that has a more important role in stopping the  next financial crisis.   So what kind of supervision and oversight does Mr. Quarles believe  in? His motto seems to be, ``Whatever the big banks want, give it to  'em.''   Mr. Quarles has spent more than a decade in private equity and  investment management, where he has argued repeatedly for weaker rules  for giant banks, including relaxing the rules for stress tests that  evaluate banks' soundness, lowering capital and leverage standards, and  repealing the Volcker rule.   At his hearing before the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee, I showed Mr. Quarles a 124-page list of financial rule  rollbacks from a lobbying group for the biggest banks in the country. I  asked him to tell me which of those dozens of changes he disagreed  with. He couldn't name one--not one.   The No. 1 thing that we need from a Vice Chair for Supervision is  independence from Wall Street--a demonstrated willingness to stand up  to the wishes of  [[Page S6331]]  the big banks and protect the interests of working families. There is  not a speck of independence in Mr. Quarles' track record.   Mr. Quarles' time in government also raises red flags. As Under  Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance, he was responsible for  overseeing financial institutions, markets, and regulations in the  years leading up to the financial crisis. Let me say that again. Mr.  Quarles was the Treasury official in charge of helping to oversee Wall  Street in the years leading up to the crisis. Does anyone want to point  out how that worked out?   If Mr. Quarles had wanted to stand up to the banks, he could have  found and fixed systemwide problems in the markets before catastrophe  struck. Instead, in 2006, when the banks were making gobs of money off  of risky bets that eventually crashed the economy, Quarles gave a  speech in front of a roomful of bankers and said: ``Fundamentally, the  economy is strong, the financial sector is healthy, and our future''-- the banks'--``looks bright.'' Less than 2 years later, the entire  system exploded and cost Americans, collectively, about $14 trillion.   Make no mistake about it, confirming Mr. Quarles endangers the health  of the economy. The last time that Mr. Quarles was in charge, he failed  to act to protect the American people from the biggest recession since  the Great Depression either because he missed the signs or because he  deliberately ignored them. Either way, that makes him the wrong person  for the job.   American families deserve a strong leader as the Vice Chair for  Supervision of the Fed who will fight hard to keep them safe.  Everything we know about Mr. Quarles says that he will be fighting hard  for the big banks. I will be voting no on Mr. Quarles' nomination, and  I urge all of my colleagues to do the same.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Idaho.   