 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of  William Wehrum to be the next Assistant Administrator for Air and  Radiation at the Environmental Protection Agency. This job is really  pretty straightforward. The person in this job must fight for the right  of every American to breathe clean air. But here is the problem: Mr.  Wehrum has dedicated his career to the service of corporate polluters.  Like President Trump and Administrator Pruitt, in a fight between hard- working families and well-paid corporate polluters, Mr. Wehrum sides  with the corporate polluters every single time.   President Trump promised to ``drain the swamp'' in DC. But,  seemingly, with every week, this Republican-controlled Senate approves  yet another one of the President's corporate insiders to advance Big  Oil and Big Coal's dirty wish list. The decision to nominate Mr. Wehrum  is no exception. He is another conflict-ridden, climate-dismissing  Trump nominee who has made a career of putting corporate profits ahead  of hard-working families who depend on the EPA to have their backs.   Some of my Republican colleagues have argued that Mr. Wehrum has  extensive experience serving at the EPA under the Bush administration,  and that is true. Let's take a look at his experience. Mr. Wehrum  fought to keep States from setting their own higher vehicle emissions  standards in order to try to keep the air cleaner. He played a key role  in the Bush administration's insistence that the EPA has no  responsibility to combat climate change--a view that the Supreme Court  rejected in 2007 in Massachusetts v. EPA. When the Bush EPA was  required by law to propose a rule limiting mercury emissions from  powerplants, Mr. Wehrum's influence helped tilt the rule to benefit big  coal. In fact, several paragraphs of the proposed rule were lifted  verbatim from memos provided by the same pro-coal lobbying firm that  Mr. Wehrum had worked at before joining the EPA.   The egregious inadequacy of the proposed rule and its blatant  disregard for rulemaking processes led to 8 years of unnecessary delay  in limiting toxic mercury emissions. There were 8 additional years of  an estimated 130,000 asthma attacks, 8 years of 11,000 premature  deaths--all potentially avoidable if Mr. Wehrum and his colleagues had  just listened to the science and made the protection of human life more  important than the protection of corporate interests.   During his tenure at the EPA, looking out for big corporate polluters  was standard practice for Mr. Wehrum. In 27 separate cases--27 cases-- Federal courts found that the regulations that Mr. Wehrum helped write  contradicted or violated the Clean Air Act and failed to protect public  health.   Mr. Wehrum has a lot of experience--the weak-kneed experience of  someone kissing up to big corporate interests.   In reflecting on his time at the EPA, Mr. Wehrum said: ``I'm a much  better lawyer now than when I first joined the agency. To really get to  know how the agency works and how it ticks, I think that is very  valuable.''   Yes, valuable, sure, but valuable for whom? Valuable for small towns  across America that desperately need more champions fighting in their  corner? Valuable for our coastal communities and farmers dealing with  the tangible effects of climate change? No. He meant valuable for his  own bank account.   Mr. Wehrum describes his time working at the EPA as being ``very  valuable'' because it allowed him to ``be effective in generating  business and clients.''   I guess he thinks this latest trip through the revolving door will be  even better for helping him drum up business from future polluters.   And why wouldn't he? Since leaving the EPA in 2007, Mr. Wehrum has  been one of the go-to lawyers for big corporate polluters looking to  get off easy or to save a buck at the public's expense. In at least 31  lawsuits against the EPA, Mr. Wehrum has fought to diminish Federal  climate policy, to roll back limits on toxic mercury emissions, and to  undermine public health protections. From what I can tell, not once has  he chosen to use his valuable experience at the EPA to fight for  stronger clean air protections that benefit our children and our  seniors who suffer the most from toxic emissions.   When deciding whether someone is qualified for public service, sure,  experience matters. But it matters who you fight for--whether it is a  lawyer before the courts or as a senior appointee in the  administration. It matters whether you have a demonstrated commitment  to serving the public interest or the narrow corporate interests of  rich companies.   Mr. Wehrum is not a person who fights for the moms and dads who know  the terror of a child having an asthma attack. He is not a person who  fights for the low-income and often minority communities that are  literally choking under a cloud of industry toxins. He is not a person  who fights for our communities that are suffering from the growing  impact of climate change. No, he is a person who does the lucrative  bidding of corporate DC insiders, both in government and outside  government, and then he leaves American families to just suffer the  consequences.   This administration, this Republican Congress, and nominees like Mr.  Wehrum are experts at ignoring the facts, but they can't change those  facts. Our planet is getting hotter. Our seas are rising at an alarming  rate. Our coasts and islands are threatened by devastating storms. Our  farms and forests are threatened by droughts and wildfires that are  becoming so common across this country that they barely even make the  evening news.   The effects of man-made climate change are all around us. Things will  only get worse if we don't do something about it. We should never hand  our government over to wealthy and powerful companies that put their  own profits ahead of people. We certainly shouldn't put someone in  charge of our clean air program that will not put the health, the  safety, and the future of the American people ahead of short-term  corporate profits.   Make no mistake, President Trump wants a fight. Administrator Pruitt  wants a fight. William Wehrum wants a fight. And we will give them that  fight because the American people will fight to protect the health of  our children and our grandchildren, to build a clean energy economy,  and to safeguard the future of our planet.   The American people deserve someone who will fight in their corner,  and that is not William Wehrum.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   