 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 58,  which would undermine the requirement that States assess the quality of  their teacher preparation programs and weaken efforts to provide  educators with high-quality teacher preparation programs.   There is no doubt that our country needs highly skilled and diverse  educators, and that means attracting good people by providing them with  high-quality preparation and ongoing support, especially early in their  careers. Many teacher preparation programs are meeting this charge-- recruiting diverse candidates, offering rigorous practicums, and  providing supports that follow them into their classrooms.   But some programs are still preparing large cohorts of educators for  fields that are not in demand. And, according to one survey, more than  60 percent of teachers still enter the classroom feeling unprepared for  one of the toughest, most important jobs in America.   Many of us readily agree that the regulations governing transparency  and program quality for teacher preparation are not perfect. But, let's  remember that this resolution would effectively demolish key provisions  at the Higher Education Act, which was last reauthorized in 2008, and  in which Members from both sides of the aisle agreed that States needed  to provide better data on the quality of their teacher preparation  programs.   If the rules for improving teacher preparation programs are  unnecessary, as my friends across the aisle may contend, I would ask  them to explain why critical sections of the Higher Education Act  remain largely unimplemented, nearly a decade after Members of Congress  wrote the requirements into law. Without regulations, provisions of the  2008 reauthorization will continue to go unfilled. Taxpayer-funded  grants will continue to support ineffective programs for teachers in  high-needs schools.   The truth is, Democrats and Republicans could probably reach  consensus about how we might like to see these regulations amended and  improved. I am sure we all support robust data on how new teachers are  performing and being supported in the classroom. And I am sure we all  support States and institutions using data to continually strengthen  their preparation programs.   But, unfortunately, my Republican colleagues appear unwilling to have  that conversation about how to give teacher preparation programs the  tools they need to improve. Instead, they have offered this resolution  that would essentially guarantee that important provisions in law are  never fully implemented by this administration, or a future  administration, because this resolution is under the Congressional  Review Act, which, until recently, has been used successfully only  once. It is a blunt instrument that actually bans Federal agencies  from providing similar protections in the future.    So instead of fixing the teacher preparation regulations and  upholding congressional intent in the Higher Education Act, supporters  of this resolution are turning their backs on the law. The resolution  is an overreaction. It appears to be part of a dangerous agenda to do  permanent damage to the Department of Education's important oversight  and enforcement responsibilities.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this and work together on amending the  regulations.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 57.   This resolution is an extreme measure that will disrupt and delay the  implementation of the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act, an  important law that replaces the failed policies of No Child Left Behind  by carefully balancing the need for more local control in education  with strong Federal civil rights protections for students.   Today, sadly, the promise of the Every Student Succeeds Act is in  jeopardy. This resolution appears to be part of a larger effort to  dismantle the oversight and enforcement responsibilities of the  Department of Education which would harm all students.   If my Republican friends are serious about successfully implementing  the  [[Page H1050]]  law we all worked so hard to pass, they would not be demolishing a key  set of regulations, and certainly not while States are currently  finalizing their plans to implement the new accountability systems and  public reporting requirements outlined in the regulations.   These regulations give States considerable flexibility and guidance.  For example, they provide additional time to identify schools for  comprehensive and targeted support. They ensure that parents are  notified if their school is identified for additional support and  explain how parents can get involved in their school's improvement  efforts, and they give States flexibility to use multiple indicators in  evaluating schools. These regulations are reasonable clarifications  that reinforce the intent of the law.   Of course, my colleagues might disagree with some elements of the  regulations, but this is the wrong way to change them. If my colleagues  were serious about changing the regulations, then they would involve  stakeholders and have a collaborative and transparent process to amend  the rules through the public notice and comment process.   Unfortunately, without critical rules for implementing the Every  Student Succeeds Act and the ability to write similar rules in the  future, I expect we will see two things happen, both of which are  detrimental:   Some States will take an anything-goes approach, which could hurt our  15 million public school students and, historically, is particularly  damaging to African-American students, Hispanic students, Native  American students, students with disabilities, and English-language  learners. Remember the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act  was about equity.   Other States, without clear rules for compliance, will simply  continue existing policies--many of which are a legacy of the No Child  Left Behind era--and miss out on the important flexibility and positive  changes in the new law.   Using the Congressional Review Act to dismantle important regulations  for the Every Student Succeeds Act will create a great deal of  uncertainty and threaten the implementation of the law. Certainty is  what our school districts need, and it risks critical equity  protections for disadvantaged students.   The resolution before us is an extreme measure. It is entirely  avoidable. The administration can revise these regulations, but  instead, the supporters of this resolution are choosing to gut this  important law by making implementation essentially unfeasible and  uncertain.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to stand with our students  across this country and vote ``no'' on this resolution, and then let's  work together to amend the regulations.   