 Thank you very much, Mr. President.   I thank my friends from Oregon, Massachusetts, and Hawaii for their  leadership on this very important issue concerning net neutrality.   Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the Federal  Communications Commission's proposal to undermine critical net  neutrality rules, which would change the internet as we know it today.   Tomorrow the FCC will vote on a notice of proposed rulemaking, which  begins the unraveling of commonsense consumer protections that enhance  our online experience. Net neutrality is a concept that requires  internet service providers to provide equal access to online  applications and content. It prevents internet service providers from  discriminating against content and content providers, discrimination  that can take the form of making certain web pages, certain  applications, or videos load faster or load slower than others.   Net neutrality is integral to promoting innovation, supporting  entrepreneurs and small businesses, and encouraging economic growth in  my home State of New Hampshire and across the entire Nation.   In March, Washington Republicans, with the support of the Trump  administration, voted to take away critical online privacy protections  giving ISPs the green light to collect and use a consumer's online data  without the consumer's consent. So it is no surprise that what  corporate ISPs want next is to remove baseline protections that allow  even the softest voice to be heard or the smallest of businesses to  thrive against larger competitors.   I have heard time and again from Granite Staters who call and write  to my office that we must fight to protect the net neutrality rules,  rules that create an even playing field and protect consumers from  unfair practices.   What we are seeing here in Washington is different. At the request of  big cable companies and internet service providers, the Republican- controlled FCC, led by Chairman Ajit Pai, is taking aim at commonsense  consumer protections that could change the free and open internet as we  know it. As rationale, Chairman Pai has claimed that since net  neutrality rules went into effect 2 years ago, investments in U.S.  broadband companies have dropped to historically low levels.   Quite the opposite has occurred. Since the rules went into effect,  AT&T's share price has gone up more than 20 percent, Comcast has  increased 26 percent, and several ISPs have reassured investors that  net neutrality would have no impact on their broadband investments. So  this is just another ``gimme'' to big cable and industry stakeholders  who want to put profits ahead of customer service and consumer  protections.   In New Hampshire, innovative, small businesses are the backbone of  our economy, creating good jobs, stimulating economic growth, and net  neutrality has been integral to their success. More than 1,000  startups, innovators, investors, and entrepreneurial support  organizations from across the country, including the company Digital  Muse, in New Hampshire, sent a letter to Chairman Pai urging him to  protect net neutrality rules. I plan to fight to do just that.   In giving entrepreneurs a level playing field to turn an idea into a  thriving business that reaches a global audience, net neutrality helps  promote innovation and boost economic growth. By dismantling net  neutrality rules, internet service providers will be allowed to force  small service providers to pay to play online, causing instability to  startups and entrepreneurs across the Nation who might not be able to  afford such fees. Companies like Digital Muse should be able to compete  based on the quality of their goods and services, not on their ability  to pay tolls to internet service providers.   Net neutrality isn't just good for startups and entrepreneurs, it has  also created a platform for traditionally underrepresented voices,  including women and minorities, to be heard and, as important, to add  to our economic strength. Last week, my friend Senator Cantwell and I  sent a letter with several of our colleagues to Chairman Pai  highlighting the importance of net neutrality to women and girls across  the country. An open internet serves as a platform to elevate voices  that are underrepresented or marginalized in traditional media, an  experience many women in the field know all too well.   When turned away from traditional media outlets, women can turn to  the internet as an autonomous platform to tell their stories in their  own voices thanks to the vast array of media platforms enabled by net  neutrality. Between 2007 and 2016, while the total number of business  firms in America increased by 9 percent, the total number of women- owned firms increased by 45 percent, a rate five times the national  average. This growth in women-owned business mirrors the emergence of  the free and open internet as a platform for economic growth. Net  neutrality has been essential to the growth of women-owned, innovative  businesses, ensuring them the opportunity to compete with more  established brands and content.   In addition to empowering women economically, an open internet has  the  [[Page S2993]]  ability to empower all citizens civically. The National Women's March  in January brought together hundreds of thousands of people to raise  their voices and organize in marches across the country and around the  world, largely through online activism. The Women's March and the many  other marches that have followed since January demonstrate how an open  internet can serve as a powerful mechanism for civic engagement and  strengthening communities. The open and free internet is too powerful  of a tool for civic engagement and social and economic mobility-- especially for our underrepresented populations--to take away. Strong  net neutrality rules are absolutely essential. They protect against  content discrimination, they prevent internet toll lanes, they allow  the FCC adequate room for oversight, and they require reasonable  transparency from internet service providers. The rules also provide  stability to our economy, to our entrepreneurs, and our innovative  small businesses--enterprises that are integral to New Hampshire's and  America's economic success.   I will continue fighting to ensure that our regulatory environment is  one that spurs innovation, fosters economic growth, supports our small  businesses, and allows the next young person with a big idea to  prosper. I strongly oppose rules that would undermine net neutrality,  and I hope the FCC listens throughout the comment period to concerns  from Granite Staters and Americans who feel the same way.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I see that my friend from Minnesota is here and wonder if he would  like to speak to this issue as well.    I yield the floor.   