 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   As has been amply discussed, the mandatory sanctions and fees in this  bill would have a chilling effect on cutting-edge litigation. One type  of cutting-edge litigation to suffer would be citizen lawsuits seeking  enforcement of the foreign Emoluments Clause. The amendment proposed in  this motion would exempt civil actions that implicate foreign  emoluments.   Article I, section 9, clause 8 of the Constitution says: ``No person  holding any office of profit or trust . . . shall, without the consent  of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of  any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.''   Why did the Founding Fathers write this? Concern that foreign  governments might try to control America. They wanted to make sure that  nothing--no gifts, no payments, no advantages of any kind--could be  received by officers of the United States, including the President,  unless Congress approved it. They wanted to make sure that loyalty was  completely to America, not divided by obligations to foreign powers. So  receipt of emoluments is a serious breach of the requirements of the  Constitution unless Congress approves the payment.   Congress has not voted to approve payments by foreign governments to  our President. Some Americans are considering legal action to protect  America from a Presidential violation of the Emoluments Clause.   President Trump took the symbolic step of resigning from his  businesses, but he still gets the income. Letting his family run his  businesses doesn't solve the emoluments violations.   Here are some of the potential problems:   In February, China gave provisional approval for 31 new trademarks  for The Trump Organization, which have been sought for a decade, to no  avail, until he won the election. This is a benefit the Chinese  Government gave to the President's business.   At Trump Tower in New York, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of  China's large tenant, the United Arab Emirates, leases space, and the  Saudi mission to the U.N. makes payments. Money from these foreign  countries goes to the President.   The President is part owner of a New York building carrying a $950  million loan, partially held by the Bank of China. He literally owes  the government of China.   The Embassy of Kuwait held its 600-guest National Day celebration at  Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C., last month, proceeds to Trump.   The President has deals in Turkey. When he announced the Muslim ban,  Turkey's President called for President Trump's name to be removed from  Trump Towers Istanbul. His company is currently involved in major  licensing deals for that property.   Shortly after the election, the President met with former U.K.  Independent Party leader Nigel Farage, to get help to get the view from  his golf resorts in Scotland resolved. Both golf resorts he owns there  are promoted by Scotland's official tourism agency.   Foreign government-owned broadcasts in several countries air the  President's television program ``The Apprentice,'' resulting in  royalties and other payments from these governments.   There may be many more business violations to the Emoluments Clause  that are unknown due to the President's refusal to disclose his tax  returns.   Congress could move to approve these questionable payments and  benefits under Article 1, section 9 to solve the constitutional  violation, although, in my view, that would not resolve concerns about  divided loyalties.   But Congress has done nothing--neither enforce the clause nor  authorize the payments. That is why patriotic citizens are returning to  the third branch of government to defend the Constitution and the  country.   America has never faced this situation before, and any litigation  will, of course, be breaking new ground and, therefore, be more  susceptible to the mandatory rule 11 fees required by the bill.   Citizens who seek a President free from foreign influence by bringing  actions in court should not be penalized with the mandatory fees  required by this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this motion to  recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   