 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and  also for her tremendous leadership.   Let's talk a little bit about the winners in this bill.   I think it is interesting to note that, if you are General Electric,  since 1990 to 2017, you have contributed over $20 million to Republican  campaigns. What you get back in tax relief from this legislation is  almost $16 billion over the life of this bill.   If you are Microsoft, you have contributed over $17 million, and you  get back $27 billion from this tax bill.   This is such a great investment for big corporations who have given  money to Republican candidates over the years. But if you are not part  of the country's wealthiest 1 percent, this GOP tax scam is a really  bad deal for you.   It is especially bad for America's senior citizens. This tax scam  raises premiums for those 50 to 64 by 10 percent, an average of $1,400,  and the deficit it creates will require, under the law, $25 billion in  a Medicare tax cut next year.   We have heard the Republicans say we are going to get that money  back, but in this bill there is a $25 billion cut in Medicare next  year. That is only the beginning. It gets worse.   Republicans aren't even hiding the fact that they intend to use this  deficit that they created of $1.5 trillion as justification for  slashing Medicare and Medicaid. They have said it. They have admitted  it. They are even talking about raising the age of Social Security  eligibility in order to give these tax breaks to the rich.   Seniors should not have to foot the bill for a tax scam that gives 83  percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent. American seniors deserve  a better deal. So do 86 million families who would see a tax increase  as a result of this scam.   To my Republican colleagues, you really do have a second chance.  Because the bill got messed up, there were mistakes, it was done so  fast, done in secret, it is coming back to us today. So you have a  second chance to do the right thing. Please take it. Vote ``no.''   