 Mr. President, the American people depend on the Federal  judiciary to be fair and unbiased. A judge should decide a case based  on the facts at hand and the law, not in service of a particular  ideology.   Over the past 9 months, I have been deeply concerned that President  Trump is nominating judges to lifetime appointments on the Federal  bench, people who share his ideology rather than judges who apply the  law fairly and follow precedent. President Trump has made his ideology  very clear during his first months in office: He is anti-immigrant,  anti-union, anti-worker, and anti-woman. He prioritizes the interests  of corporations over the rights of individuals. I am not often given to  hyperbole, but in this case I am so alarmed by Donald Trump's nominees  to the Federal bench that calling them extreme is not extreme.   Congress has a constitutional obligation, through advice and consent,  to fight back against these types of appointments. This is particularly  important for circuit court judges, but under Republican leadership,  the Senate is shirking its responsibilities. Too often, we are forced  to consider too many judges at one hearing.   The Judiciary Committee has already had nearly as many hearings with  two circuit court nominees on the hearing agenda in 9 months as the  Obama administration had in 8 years. Sometimes they even add district  court and Department of Justice nominees to an already crammed hearing  agenda. That is not right. Each circuit court nominee should be  considered in a separate hearing.   There was a time when there was consensus that controversial nominees  needed more scrutiny. Apparently, this President is sending us who he  deems the best and the greatest nominees, and we are supposed to trust  him that they will safeguard our rights and treat all Americans fairly.  In short, this I cannot do.   The Senate Judiciary Committee has an obligation to vigorously vet  and question these nominees, and we expect them to be honest, candid,  and complete in their replies. We have had a number of very frustrating  exchanges so far at these nomination hearings.   On several occasions, nominees have disavowed direct quotes of their  past writings and comments, even when members of the committee repeat  them word-for-word and follow up with specifics to the contrary.  Sometimes the nominees will acknowledge their past statements, but they  think we are naive enough to believe them when they say that, if  confirmed, they will ``follow precedent.''   Give me a break. As circuit court judges, they will be involved in  setting or rewriting precedent if the judge goes in that direction-- which a judge could very well do. Some have even written that they  think that is what lower court judges are permitted to do. I am talking  about district court judges.   