 Mr. President, I rise tonight to join my colleagues in  our fight to protect the health and economic security of the American  people.   I am here to express my deep concern, anguish, and disgust with the  fact that instead of working across party lines, working together to  protect healthcare, instead, the majority is writing secret legislation  behind closed doors--legislation that is going to make the American  people pay more for less care and take healthcare coverage away from  millions of American families.   I am disgusted because this issue is very personal to me. When I was  9 years old, I got sick. I got very sick. I was hospitalized for 3  months. I eventually recovered, but when it came to health insurance,  it was as if I had a scarlet letter. My grandparents who raised me  couldn't find a policy that would cover me, not from any insurer and  not at any price. They had to pay for my healthcare out of their  pockets, and they made incredible sacrifices to do so--all because I  was a child who had been branded with those words ``preexisting  condition.''   No parents or grandparents should have to lie awake at night worried  that if their child has an illness or an injury, they will have no way  to pay to cover their care. No child should have to lie awake at night  hearing the whispered tones of their parents wondering how they might  pay the bills to care for an ill child. It is not right, it is not  fair, and it is not fundamentally who we are, but that is exactly what  people were wondering last night in America, and they will do so again  tonight. Families across this country will go to bed anxious and scared  because of the partisan politics happening right here in Washington-- the politics that is moving forward with a plan that will make things  worse and not better for the American people.   This isn't just personal for me, it is personal for the Wisconsin  families I work for. I have listened to them, and I am here to give  them a voice.   This is personal for Jim from Appleton, WI, and for Jim's daughter  who has multiple sclerosis. Jim told me that his family needs strong  protections for people with preexisting conditions so that his daughter  can continue to receive treatment that her family can afford.   This is personal for Greg from Stoddard, WI, who has no idea how he  and other older Wisconsinites will be able to afford higher costs for  their healthcare and for Greg's two sons, both of whom have diabetes  and are already struggling with skyrocketing prices for insulin.   This is personal for Barbara from Madison, who is deeply concerned  about cuts to Medicaid because her son has a disability and he relies  on Medicaid to work and to live independently.   This is personal for Chelsey from Shelby, WI, whose daughter Zoe was  born with a congenital heart defect. Right now, Zoe is guaranteed  access to coverage without being denied or charged more because of her  preexisting condition. Chelsey wrote to me and said: ``I'm pleading to  you as a mother to fight for the . . . kids in Wisconsin with  preexisting conditions that are counting on you to protect that  right.''   Does the congressional majority really care more about finding 50  votes for a secret plan than it does about the health and well-being of  Zoe? Sadly, it appears they do. It appears they are more concerned with  finding 50 votes for any legislation, no matter how harmful it is, just  so they can notch up another partisan victory and so that they can move  on to other things on their political agenda. They are not listening to  American families or Wisconsin families, who will be left behind.   I want to tell you what the consequences are going to be when  Washington does not listen to Wisconsinites like Jim and his daughter,  from Appleton, or Greg and his two sons, from Stoddard, or moms like  Barbara, from Madison, and Chelsey, from Shelby. The consequences are  that things are going to get worse, like they do under the House-passed  Republican plan.   If you are older, you are going to pay an age tax. A 64-year-old in  Wisconsin might have to pay increases in excess of $10,000 more in  premiums. If you have a preexisting condition, like I do or like almost  2.5 million Wisconsinites do, the guaranteed protections and care that  you have today may not be here tomorrow.   If you live in rural Wisconsin, this plan will only make it harder to  access affordable, quality healthcare. For some living in northern  Wisconsin, this plan could cost them up to $6,000 more a year than they  pay today.   Our rural hospitals are already struggling to keep their doors open,  and this plan could make those challenges even worse. By the way, rural  hospitals are often the lifeblood of their communities, the largest  employers in many counties in which they exist. So if rural hospitals-- even a few of them--are forced to close, it will not only make it  harder for people to gain healthcare, it will also mean that people  will lose their jobs.   If you rely on Medicaid for nursing home care or if, like Barbara,  you have a disabled child who relies on Medicaid to live independently  in the community, the House-passed bill cuts Medicaid and puts that  care at risk. If you are one of the 35,000 veterans in Wisconsin or  nearly 2 million veterans across the country who rely on Medicaid for  healthcare coverage, your care will be at risk.   The House Republican proposal will both dramatically increase and  shift healthcare costs to Wisconsin taxpayers and onto the shoulders of  families for things like substance abuse treatment and mental health  services.  [[Page S3609]]  It will make it harder in our State's fight and America's fight against  the opioid crisis and could make the epidemic our country is facing  even worse. Put simply, this plan will hand over more control to  insurance companies, weaken health insurance protections, raise costs,  and provide less care for the American people.   The American people cannot afford to sell a home or take out a second  mortgage or home equity loan or spend their life savings or max out  their credit cards or go bankrupt just to get the healthcare they need.  It is not right. It is not fair. It is not who we are.   It is time to stop this partisan nonsense. The people of Wisconsin  did not send me to the Senate to take away people's healthcare. They  sent me to fight for people like Jim and Greg and Barbara and Chelsey  and their children. Let's listen to these Wisconsinites. Let's take  repeal off the table, and let's work in a bipartisan way. Let's work  together to improve the healthcare people have today and make it more  affordable, not more costly. Let's work in a bipartisan way. Let's work  together to make things better, not pursue partisan plans to make  things worse.   I call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to come out  from behind their closed doors to join us in this fight to stop leaving  people behind and start helping them get ahead.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   