 Mr. President, today I wish to support the legislative  waiver required for retired General James Mattis to become the next  Secretary of Defense.   The principle of civilian control of the military has been  fundamental to the concept of American Government since the inception  of our Republic. It was the Continental Congress that granted General  George Washington his commission, and General Washington reported to  that legislative body throughout the entire war.  [[Page S302]]    At the conclusion of the war, General Washington was the most popular  and important figure in America. He easily could have positioned  himself as the leader of the American government and, in fact, was  urged to do so by many. Instead, General Washington famously resigned  his commission on December 23, 1783, thus firmly establishing the  principle that, in this new country, ultimate authority over the Armed  Forces would rest with democratically elected civilians. General  Washington's noble act was the foundation of such an important tenet of  our democracy that the scene is depicted in a magnificent painting by  John Trumbull, which occupies a prominent position in the rotunda of  the United States Capitol.   The principle of civilian control of the military was at the center  of the debate when the structure of our Armed Forces was dramatically  reorganized after World War II. A congressional consensus emerged from  the military readiness failures of Pearl Harbor that the modern world  required a more significant standing military force with a more  centralized command structure. But harkening back to the precedent  established by George Washington, it was imperative that this new  structure have civilian leadership. This was especially concerning at  the time, given the number of remarkable generals who had deservedly  attained heroic status in the eyes of the American public and the free  world. Thus, in 1947, Congress passed section 202 of the National  Security Act, which provided that the Secretary of Defense needed to  have at least a 10-year gap, later reduced to 7, from any military  service.   Since that time, 16 of the past 24 Defense Secretaries have had some  prior military service. If approved, however, Gen. Mattis would only be  the second Defense Secretary to receive a congressional waiver of the  law--the other being General George Marshall in 1950.   In order to examine this important history and review the wisdom of  granting a waiver for Gen. Mattis, the Senate Armed Services Committee  held a hearing exploring the issue of civilian control of the Armed  Forces. After carefully reviewing the testimony from those hearings, I  do support making an additional, one-time exception to the law in the  specific case of James Mattis.   In 1950, the world was a tumultuous place, with a hot war in Korea  coupled with the extraordinary risks associated with a growing cold war  in the nuclear age. President Truman turned to General Marshall to  serve as Secretary of Defense because his noted character and  competence, combined with his experience and ability, made him an ideal  fit for the unique challenges presented at that time.   Today the world is again a tumultuous place. The combination of the  threat from terrorist organizations like ISIS and al Qaeda, as well as  the threats emanating from countries such as Iran, North Korea, Russia,  and China, has heightened tensions around the globe. And all our  international challenges today take place against the backdrop of the  knowledge that the world has a large and aging nuclear arsenal that  could quickly create chaos in the wrong hands.   As was the case with Gen. Marshall, Gen. Mattis, with his exceptional  character and competence and his remarkable skills and ability, is a  fit for these dangerous times.   Over the course of his 44-year career in the Marine Corps, Gen.  Mattis has earned a reputation as a warrior and commander who is  beloved by soldiers and veterans alike. The ``warrior monk,'' as he is  known in military circles, is a voracious reader and a student of  history. He has served as a military commander at all levels and all  over the world. His assignments have included a combat deployment  during the Persian Gulf Wars and difficult leadership posts in both  Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom,  where Mattis commanded the 1St Marine Division in the city of Fallujah.   His work over the past decade has demonstrated a deep appreciation  for the challenges our country faces today. In 2006, Mattis coauthored  the military's counterinsurgency manual with then-Army General David  Petraeus. As an expert in counterinsurgency, Mattis understands the  crucial role military power plays in conjunction with other civil  instruments of national power, including diplomatic and economic  efforts.   Between 2007 and 2010, while serving as commander of the now  disestablished U.S. Joint Forces Command, Mattis gained experience in  broad DOD policy and management at an organization focused on the  transformation of U.S. military capabilities.   In 2010, I supported Gen. Mattis's nomination to serve as commander  of U.S. Central Command, where he oversaw the wars in Iraq and  Afghanistan and was responsible for an area which includes Syria, Iran,  and Yemen. His experience at CENTCOM is a tremendous asset in  developing a coherent strategy to address the threats posed by state  actors and terrorist networks in the region and elsewhere around the  world.   In 2015, he testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee on  the United States' global challenges and offered insight to the  committee on crafting a coherent, bipartisan national security strategy  with an eye towards international diplomacy and alliances, defense  budgeting, and military force size and capabilities.   Last year, he coedited a book on civil-military relations that  explored the growing cultural gap between civilian society and the  military, as well as the impact this lack of understanding may have on  the civilian-military relationship.   Finally,I would note that Gen. Mattis has the support of three very  capable and successful former Secretaries of Defense whose careers were  either largely or entirely in the civilian workforce. Secretaries  Cohen, Panetta, and Gates know as well as anyone what it takes to  succeed in that position and the importance of civilian leadership of  the military. Their unqualified support of Gen. Mattis carries  considerable weight with me and further convinces me that, in this  particular circumstance, a waiver is warranted.   