 Mr. Chairman, who wins in the Republican budget?   Same old same old; millionaires, billionaires, large corporations.  The Republican budget paves the way for their plan, which gives 80  percent of its tax cuts to the top 1 percent of Americans, while 30  percent of middle class households making between $50,000 and $150,000  a year would actually see a tax increase. This is according to the  nonpartisan Tax Policy Center.   It slashes $1.5 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, even worse than  TrumpCare, and it ends the guarantee of Medicare benefits for American  seniors.   It attacks women's health by defunding, of course, Planned  Parenthood, once again. It slashes SNAP--SNAP, the Food Stamp program-- by $154 billion, taking nutrition assistance away from up to 7 million  households.   Did you really come to Congress to take food out of the mouths of  hungry children?   Now we are considering the Republican Study Committee budget, which  includes even deeper cuts for children and families and seniors while  giving tax cuts to the wealthy.   My Democratic colleagues and I offer A Better Deal for America. The  United States is the richest country in the world at the richest time  in history. We can have quality healthcare, affordable childcare, debt- free college, secure retirement, and world-class infrastructure, but  not if we give massive tax cuts to the wealthiest individuals and  corporations.   So I urge my colleagues to reject the RSC budget, reject the  Republican budget, and to support the Democratic alternative. Americans  deserve a budget that grows our middle class and invests in our future.   I want to read just one paragraph of a letter from Planned Parenthood  that says: ``The House Budget Resolution proposes cuts that would be  disastrous for women, men, and young people Planned Parenthood sees  every day. It sacrifices access to healthcare, repealing the Affordable  Care Act, gutting Medicaid, and proposing even deeper cuts to low- income nondefense discretionary spending. It undermines access to  critical reproductive healthcare, including no copay birth control, for  millions of women.''   The women of America are watching. This budget is a particular  disaster for them, for us.   