 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this  Continuing Resolution because we can't keep kicking the can down the  road, and that is all this CR will do.   Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, their approach  to governing has been to pass short term extensions and Continuing  Resolutions that merely delay the hard work of making decisions on the  big issues facing our country.   Eventually, after not completing their work on time, Republicans  regularly force through an extension in order to deal with another  crisis of their own making. This has happened over . . . and over . . .  and over.   And here we go again. We passed a CR in September and another one two  weeks ago, and now we are being asked to give Republicans even more  time to get the job done.   Governing by repeated CRs means federal agencies can't plan for the  future or begin new initiatives. This undermines our national security;  endangers our homeland security, restricts investments in  groundbreaking research to treat and cure diseases, and threatens the  accuracy of the next decennial Census.   This repeated inaction means we must now worry about keeping our  government open at the same time we are trying to address several other  large national challenges. For example, we are about to hit the  nation's debt limit; Americans need help recovering from the hurricanes  that hit Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Florida, and Texas and the  wildfires that have ravaged California; people who depend on community  health centers and the Children's Health Insurance Program are about to  lose their healthcare; and we must protect the hundreds of thousands of  Dreamers whose immigration status has been thrown into question.   President Trump himself created this particular crisis for the  millions of Dreamers living in this country. These young men and women  are American in every way but their citizenship, and due to the  President's actions, nearly 13 thousand of them have lost their DACA  protections, an average of 122 per day. Tens of thousands more Dreamers  will eventually lose their jobs and their protection against  deportation if we do not take action.   As the author of the Dream Act in the House, I believe it is inhumane  to force Dreamers to live in fear and uncertainty for longer than  absolutely necessary. We must act now. We can't afford to wait until  the last minute for a solution, as Republicans have done so often while  running Congress.   We cannot keep kicking the can down the road. I oppose this CR and  urge my colleagues to vote no so we can get the job done now.   