 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for the excellent job  she is doing in leading this Special Order.   I don't know about you, but the uninsured in my district are down to  3.8 percent. If you think I am going to let the Republicans take away  near universal health care from my district, the District of Columbia,  without a fight, just watch me, and watch my colleagues.   We had a healthcare townhall. Unlike some of the townhalls of my  colleagues, there were not people jumping up saying: Why are you taking  away my health care? Instead, they were people like Debbie.   Debbie is a lifetime sufferer of asthma. She also has diabetes. She  reached her cap. That meant that the medicine she was on, which cost  $10,000 a month, would have to be paid by her. She worked every day.  How many of you--how many of us--could pay $10,000 a month, no matter  what job we have? That, along with her diabetes, makes her a paradigm  of the kind of person whose life and death depends on this bill.   I want to just say a few words not about all of the important  information you have had, but about what I call the worst of the worst.   First, let me congratulate my Republican colleagues on doubling down  on the number without health care because you double the number without  health care. As we are rising with the number who have health care, you  now turn downward. We can't possibly live with that, and I don't think  the American people will allow you to get away with it.   I think about our hospitals, and people say: Why should we pay any  attention to the hospitals? Well, when we get back in the era of  uncompensated care, what you will have is the Federal Government will  never compensate your hospital, so you will compensate your hospital.  We are back in the era of free health care, except there is no such  thing as free health care. You and I will be paying for it out of our  pockets.   What they do to the tax credits is shameful. Flat tax credits,  unrelated to the costs, replace the kind of tax credits we have in the  Affordable Care Act, which are just, as you might expect, up and down  according to the value of insurance.   What good is a flat tax credit unrelated to the cost of insurance or  to your income? Do my Republican colleagues really think they are going  to fool anybody with those kinds of replacements?   What is perhaps worst of the worst is the work requirement. You get  sick, you can't afford to work, you have got to be on the Affordable  Care Act, and you need Medicaid in order to do it. They tell you that  you have got to go to work in order to--while you are sick, I guess-- get your Medicaid. Get sick, go to work, and qualify for health care  under the Republican plan.   Those are just some of the worst of the worst. I have got a whole  list here, but I thought it important to focus on who gets hurt and  why, and why we are simply not going to let that happen.   