 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I really  appreciate those kind words.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the bill. As we all know, many  people are hurting in the areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma,  and Maria. Sadly, the response by the administration has been bumbling,  inexcusably weak, and inadequate.   While some of the proposals in the bill are needed, these measures  are necessary, but far from sufficient to help Puerto Rico recover. If  anything, these half steps are an insult to the American citizens  living in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.   Puerto Rico is hurting. They do not need legislative lip service  passed just so that the majority can claim they are helping. Instead of  taking real and meaningful steps to provide much-needed relief for  Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, this bill ignores the challenges  they face.   Providing personal casualty assistance and penalty-free withdrawals  from retirement accounts is commendable, but not for Puerto Rico. Just  under half the island is living in poverty, and the average median  income is under $20,000. In fact, 67 percent of workers have no money  left to save for retirement after paying bills, and only one in five  workers is contributing to retirement savings.   So I ask you, what savings will they pull from, and how and when will  this happen? American citizens in Puerto Rico cannot even get cash out  of an ATM without waiting hours in line. Providing funds based on the  assessed value of those provisions for Puerto Rico is insufficient. It  is a fig leaf offered by Republicans so that they can check it off  their list.   In order to truly help the many victims affected by the hurricanes,  Congress needs to start by providing the economic support required to  recover.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this bill is unworkable for Puerto Rico  as it stands now. I applaud the effort and speed with which this was  drafted, but it must be strengthened to truly address the needs of  Americans in these disaster areas.   Even today, I got a call from the most important medical institution,  and they are running out of antibiotics. The veterans hospital that  treats 200,000 soldiers who have participated in every war, they do not  have access to healthcare. This is how we honor their service? No, Mr.  Speaker.   Vote down this legislation.   