 Mr. Speaker, first I would like to  thank Congressman Green for his leadership. He is a member of the  Financial Services Committee, who is dedicated to the proposition that  we can and should work very hard to implement Dodd-Frank.   He has done a wonderful job in representing all of the people of this  country when it comes to this issue of whether or not we are going to  allow the biggest banks in this country to revert back to the practices  that they have been involved in historically, where it caused us to be  into a situation that caused the recession in 2008 or whether or not we  are going to honor the work of Dodd-Frank and the reforms that were  instituted and be about the business of fairness and justice.   I want to thank Mr. Green for his work, for his leadership, and for  managing this most important legislation today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3312, the Systemic  Risk Designation Improvement Act.   At a time when big banks are doing very well and the industry made  record profits--more than $171 billion last year--and business lending  has increased 75 percent since Dodd-Frank was signed into law, now is  not the time to eliminate critical safeguards and reduce oversight of  many of our largest banks.   H.R. 3312 will roll back the enhanced prudential standards that  currently apply to the 30 of the largest banks with more than $50  billion in assets. These are some of the most important  [[Page H10226]]  rules in Dodd-Frank, like enhanced capital and stress testing that are  critical to maintaining a safe and sound banking system that supports  the broader economy.   Proponents of this bill argue that Dodd-Frank imposed a one-size- fits-all approach to any bank over $50 billion. But the law makes clear  that the Fed should tier and tailor its rules to differentiate between  even these large banks ``on an individual basis or by category, taking  into consideration their capital structure, riskiness, complexity,  financial activities (including the financial activities of their  subsidiaries), size, and any other risk-related factors that the Board  of Governors deems appropriate.''   There is no one-size-fits-all mandate and the Fed has indeed tailored  these rules. For example, the prudential rules for a trillion-dollar  bank are much tougher compared to those that apply to a $250 billion  bank and considerably more so compared to a $50 billion bank.   Yet, after 18 months, this bill would exempt 30 of our largest banks  from enhanced oversight, and it replaces the $50 billion threshold with  a cumbersome, discretionary process led by the Federal Reserve along  with the FSOC. We have a similar process for designating non-bank  financial bank companies, like AIG, which have posed a systemic risk.  So it is strange that Republicans are now pushing a similar approach  after they repeatedly blasted the same FSOC designation process for  being arbitrary, opaque, unfair, and unworkable.   Those designations were heavily litigated, if not blocked in court,  as these new designations by the Federal Reserve and the FSOC would  likely be. Currently, there is only one non-bank designated by the FSOC  through this process, so we should expect there would be hardly any  designations through H.R. 3312.   Who are these 30 massive banks that stand to benefit?   These banks collectively hold more than $5 trillion in assets or one- fourth of all banking assets in the United States. Of the 30 banks, 12  of them are foreign banks, including Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Credit  Suisse, and UBS. These banks have violated a wide range of U.S. laws,  including anti-money laundering and unlawful trading practices, so I  have no clue why Congress should even consider doing those banks any  favors.   For all the talk about helping out small community banks that serve  our customers well in our rural and underserved neighborhoods, there is  not a single provision that helps out these thousands of community  banks and their customers. While some characterize this bill as helping  ``medium-sized'' banks, the medium-sized bank has only about $200  million in assets or roughly 250 times less than the massive banks that  benefit by this bill.   More troubling, instead of helping community banks, the bill would  make it easier for the largest banks to acquire smaller ones,  accelerating a 30-year consolidation trend.   Reasonable people can disagree on how best to dial up or down some of  these enhanced standards and tier them more effectively--and I know my  colleagues have good intentions--but this proposal goes way, way too  far in reversing strong oversight of the Nation's largest banks. Even a  Senate bill that resembles Chairman Hensarling's ``Wrong Choice Act''  is far less aggressive, raising the $50 billion threshold to $250  billion, although even that proposal would be damaging.   Let me close by emphasizing that H.R. 3312 represents one of the  largest rollbacks of sensible rules for many of our largest banks,  including a dozen foreign banks, at a time when the industry is making  record profits, and such a bill would hurt and make it harder for  community banks to compete.   For these reasons, I strongly urge Members to oppose this bill, H.R.  3312.    Mr. Speaker, I think it is important  to talk about what is happening in this country with this  administration at this time. It is so related to what we are trying to  explain about what this bill attempts to do.   First of all, let me just share with you that committee Democrats  have made repeated attempts to follow the Trump money trail and  investigate the suspicious financial dealings of the President, his  immediate family and his associates, including their possible  involvement in illicit Russian financial schemes.   Since March, Democrats have written six letters--two to committee  Chairman Hensarling, one to Deutsche Bank, one to Deutsche Bank CEO  John Cryan, two to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and another to  Deutsche Bank's external counsel, requesting their cooperation in  exposing the scope of Russian influence on the Trump administration.   I have also written two letters on my own--one to Attorney General  Jeff Sessions, another to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein,  regarding the Department of Justice's investigation into Deutsche  Bank's Russian mirror trading scheme.   On March 10, 2017, committee Democrats called on Chairman Hensarling  to use the full range of the committee's investigative powers to  examine Deutsche Bank's Russian money laundering operation and assess  the integrity of the U.S. Department of Justice's ongoing investigation  into the scheme, given the Trump administration's conflicts of interest  in the matter and the revelations of Attorney General Sessions'  communications with the Russian Ambassador. Chairman Hensarling failed  to respond. We have heard nothing from our chairman.    On May 23, 2017, committee Democrats sent a letter to Deutsche Bank's  chief executive officer, John Cryan, requesting information on two  internal reviews the bank reportedly conducted, the first on its mirror  trading scandal and the second on whether the accounts of President  Donald Trump and his family members held at the bank had any ties to  Russia.   Deutsche Bank's external counsel responded, stating that Deutsche  Bank was unable to cooperate with the request, citing privacy concerns.   On May 23, 2017, committee Democrats all sent a letter to Treasury  Secretary Steven Mnuchin requesting that FinCEN provide any records to  the committee that detail President Trump's financial ties to Russia as  well as those of his family, his family members, and associates.  Secretary Mnuchin failed to respond.   It goes on and on and on. Letters were sent on June 21. We sent a  follow-up letter to Deutsche Bank. On and on and on.   What is important about all of this is Deutsche Bank is known and has  been fined for many things, including money laundering. So, knowing  that, what we are doing here is lifting oversight on Deutsche Bank, one  of the fallen banks that would be covered by this bill.   I think this is outrageous. I think people should know what this bill  is all about and how it is going to put us at greater risk. We are  dealing with limiting the oversight of banks like Deutsche Bank.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to correct my  chairman--I do not like to do this--however, I did check my mail, and I  have discovered that when he responded to the August 11 letter, he let  me know that he would not use his subpoena power to help us out. He did  not respond at all to the March 10 letter.   