 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 187 and  to express my growing alarm that we have millions around the globe on  the verge of starvation despite the fact that we live in a world that  produces more than enough food to feed all its inhabitants.   H. Res. 187 rightfully calls for the U.S. Agency for International  Development (USAID) to continue to provide emergency relief (food and  other essential resources) to those affected in South Sudan. It also  calls on USAID to collaborate with international relief organizations  and others to ensure that aid gets where it is most needed. The  resolution also condemns violence and threats against aid workers  assisting those in need and calls on the leaders of South Sudan to  cease the fighting so that these resources may reach those who need  them.   This resolution focuses on the situation in South Sudan where 7.5  million are at imminent risk. But unfortunately, at least 20 million  people around the world are facing severe food shortages as a result of  below-average rainfall and conflict. That is equivalent to the  populations of the States of Connecticut, Iowa, Utah, Mississippi,  Arkansas, Nevada, Kansas, and New Mexico combined. And conflicts in  South Sudan, Yemen Nigeria, and Somalia are making bad situations even  worse.   People are starving and we cannot stand by and watch. I implore my  colleagues to support U.S. leadership and funding to address this dire  situation. That's what this resolution is about. The United States has  the ability to save the lives of tens of millions of people and this  resolution is crystal clear that we should do so.   The U.S. cannot end these crises by itself. However, my conscious-- and I hope that all of my colleagues would not be clear knowing that I  could have done more as a Member of Congress to respond to the  suffering and deaths of millions of innocent adults and children across  the world facing starvation. This resolution and the recognition of the  problem is a good start. I urge my colleagues to also support the  inclusion of additional funding in the FY 2017 funding bill that we may  consider this week to prevent widespread famine and cut off suffering  from hunger as an obvious next step. It is also vital that we provide  adequate resources in FY 2018 as well to save the lives of men, women  and children.   I want to thank my colleague, Congresswoman Karen Bass, for her  leadership and focus on this issue as well as Congressman Donald Payne,  Jr. and Rep. Chris Smith. I also want to thank the Chairman and Ranking  Member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel for  their leadership and efforts as well.   Now is the time for the U.S. to illustrate its global leadership and  act to save lives.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from California (Mr. Royce) that the House suspend the rules  and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 187, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   