 Mr. President, I join my colleagues here from the  Finance Committee. Although I don't want to admit it, it was 10 years  ago that we had this discussion in the Finance Committee--my colleagues  from Maryland, from Delaware, and from Oregon. What people don't  realize--even the Presiding Officer knows we spent a lot of time  talking about healthcare. This was not ``let's have a few meetings and  roll out a bill.'' There was a very long period. In fact, the Chair  knows that, in fact, our side got a lot of heat for a lot of dialogue  that happened with him and our colleague from Maine at the time--a lot  of heat for dialogue with her. I think there was a period of time,  about 6 or 7 months, where every single day I went to at least one  thing in the discussion of the healthcare policy--at least one thing  every day for like 6 months. That wasn't even the markup. Those weren't  even the meetings. That was just the time period where the committee  had designated various subgroups so we would talk about policy.   I don't know if the two of you remember that period, but my  recollection is every single day I was going to something regarding the  healthcare policy and listening to experts and recommendations, and  then, of course, we had these--I call them more roundtables than  hearings. We had a lot of roundtable discussions, and we obviously went  through a very formal bill process.   There is a little bit of irony that we are the ones out here today  still talking about this healthcare bill. I think it is because we knew  what the challenges were, and we tried to address them and were not  afraid to keep addressing them. We are not afraid to be out here today  talking about solutions we want to see as well.   I thank my colleague from Delaware and my colleague from Oregon for  both being part of that effort because it really was an unbelievable  amount of time and energy and discussion and formulation. The notion  that somehow now we would take something that is one-sixth of the  economy and draft something up in a dark process, then throw it out  here--I am not surprised today that there aren't the votes. The thing  to do now is not try to just rack up some votes in the next few days  and come back in July. The thing to do is to sit down and have a  serious discussion.   I notice a couple of my colleagues are down at the White House. They  are positioned right there next to the President. Maybe they are trying  to put them on the hot seat. He is sitting there talking about the  individual market. He is talking about the individual market in Alaska.  All I am thinking is that the individual market in Alaska--we are  sitting here, and the other side is proposing to cut 15 million people  off of Medicaid. What does that have to do with the individual market?  Nothing.   I don't know if people are ready to focus on this the way we focused  on it in that time period for more than a year--more than a year, day  after day, meeting after meeting, hearing after hearing. I hope what  they will do is stop this proposal and sit down and have an open  process and have a discussion on these policies because they are so  important.   We have been having all this discussion, and a lot of the frustration  people have talked about is the individual market, where 7 percent of  Americans  [[Page S3788]]  get health insurance. There are ways to fix and improve the individual  market. I feel like I was fortunate enough to put forward one of the  better ideas that worked successfully, at least it is working  successfully in the State of New York, the Basic Health Program. So  650,000 people are on the Basic Health Program as a proposal. I think  they call it, in that State, the Essential Plan. Two adults in a family  of four can buy a policy for about $500 in premiums, on an annual  basis, instead of about $1,500 on the exchange for that population that  is above the Medicaid rate that needed to have a solution in the  marketplace. There are 13 different companies offering insurance to  those 650,000 people, so that is obviously working.   Now, it got implemented late. New York did it in 2016 because they  were off to the races, but other States should now consider this. What  is so great about this and helping to address the individual market is  because, where we are on this side, we are willing to allow individuals  who don't work for a large company to get the same clout as if they  worked for a large company. When you buy in bulk, you get a discount.  Americans know that. That is why they shop at Costco. If you go there  and buy in bulk, you get a discount. That is what they are doing in New  York. So 650,000 people have been bundled up like they are a big  company and saying to the marketplace: Who wants to bid on selling us  insurance? The end result has been more affordable insurance in the  individual market. That is what they should be discussing down at the  White House today. That is what they should be discussing, not cutting  15 million people off Medicaid. That is not a smart idea.   I am sure my colleagues here have already gone over this notion that  once you cut people off of care, they end up in the emergency rooms or  have exacerbated healthcare needs. So there are longer periods of time  to get access to healthcare, more complicated healthcare costs, rising  premiums.   We have gone around our State and heard loud and clear from the  provider community and the hospitals that they have seen downward  pressure on the price of private insurance because we expanded  Medicaid, and the economic numbers are out there now to show the same  thing. Cutting people off of Medicaid is not the solution to the  individual market. I hope somebody down there at the White House brings  that up.   In 2020, when the Medicaid cap--if it did go into effect--the  analysis is it would cost shift $324 million per year to my State. They  would be cutting people off of Medicaid, and then basically the cost  would be $324 million a year to our State. You can imagine that our  State doesn't have that money and isn't interested in picking up that  tab. By 2028, when the Medicaid cuts start to kick in, we would be  cost-shifting $4.2 billion per year to the state of Washington. That is  not smart economics for us.   Over the weekend, I visited Virginia Mason Hospital in the  northwest--again, a great success in delivery system reform. They  implemented the Toyota model of production. There is, literally, faster  turnaround time on lab reports and better expedience of nursing care. I  think there was something like a 72-percent reduction in insurance  liability costs. I mean, there are huge successes by changing and  improving the delivery system that helps put pressure down on price.  This is what we need to be talking about.   There is much innovation that was in the Affordable Care Act. We need  to now ask the question: What further things do we need to do to make  sure we drive down costs in the individual market as well? But with  this Senate bill, you are not going to drive down price. There are  reports now out by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities last  Friday that show the price will actually go up in the individual market  if you cut people off of Medicaid. Basically, it will just increase by  several thousand dollars the actual amount of money the people in the  individual market will have to pay for insurance, so that clearly is  not the solution.    I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--I hope they come  back and say that it is time to work in a discussion about these ideas  in a broad way, not just another Hail Mary pass. Just get rid of this  notion that cutting poor people off of Medicaid is somehow going to  magically fix the individual market. It is not. I thank my colleagues  from the Finance Committee who went through all of that.   Believe me; I am telling you, these discussions went on for weeks and  weeks and weeks. Some people here are trying to come up with a score  and get an answer in a week on this entire package. I think we debated,  I would say, probably 2 or 3 weeks just on the notion of reforming-- getting off of fee-for-service and focusing on a value index and  getting the priorities of the delivery system focused on better  outcomes at lower costs. This is something that really should be a big  priority in healthcare.   I remember we had private meetings. We had the head of CBO come down  and talk to us. We had hearings. We probably spent 3 weeks just on one  concept of how effective that would be in the healthcare delivery  system.   I see we are still here. We are still talking. We are still willing  to improve this delivery system and make sure people have better access  to care, and I thank my colleagues for including me in this discussion  today.   I want to again thank the Senator from Oregon, the ranking Democrat  on the Finance Committee. I know he knows exactly what I am talking  about when we talk about innovation. There is so much innovation he put  into the Affordable Care Act, giving states discretion. They already  have all the discretion they need; they have all the discretion they  need to keep innovating.   Hopefully we will get our colleagues to follow suit because this is  where we are going to deliver better care at lower costs and help  improve the access for everybody in America.   I thank the Senator from Oregon.   