 Mr. President, one of the things that the healthcare  law changes here have demonstrated is that partisanship in Congress has  reached a new high--or I would say a new low. I am tired of reading  about who is to blame for what, and I know Americans and North Dakotans  are too. Most importantly, it certainly doesn't do anything to help  American families' healthcare get any better.   We should all want to improve our healthcare system so it works  better for families and for businesses. It should be a bipartisan  discussion, not a political exercise. I am here, as are many of my  colleagues, because that is what we hope to accomplish.   For years, I have been offering reasonable reforms to make the  current health reform law work better. I want such reforms to be  bipartisan. I want to have a larger conversation about healthcare in  this country. But the Republican Senate bill, the Better Care  Reconciliation Act, is simply not the way to have those discussions.  Frankly, this bill is a nonstarter.   I have heard from so many North Dakota children with disabilities,  seniors in nursing homes, men and women with preexisting conditions in  my State, and hospitals, doctors, and nurses, especially in rural  communities, who are deeply concerned--in fact, I can tell you, deeply  panicked--about how this bill would make care less available and less  affordable.   There are commonsense actions we can and should take right now to  make sure American families aren't hurt in the near term. That is why  we are here today.   Action and uncertainty caused by the administration, as well as House  Republicans, exacerbated instability in the insurance markets,  threatening significant cost increases for consumers in 2018. The  administration has been unwilling to commit funding for cost-sharing  reduction payments, and some Republicans have been working to dismantle  the health reform law by not funding critical reinsurance programs.  These actions make it extraordinarily difficult for insurers to plan  and make business decisions for 2018--yes, 2018, the year we are  talking about today. If insurers can't rely on these funds to support  healthcare programs that make it possible for health insurance costs to  remain affordable for families, the health insurance premium filings  for the next term year will reflect that uncertainty. Health insurance  rates for 2018 that have already been filed in some of our States  demonstrate that fact.   Let's talk about the facts. Independent reports from the  Congressional Budget Office and Standard & Poor's have said that the  insurance markets were expected to stabilize this year and could  stabilize this year unless the administration causes disruption. If you  look at the numbers from last year, you will see that health plans were  offered in every county in this country.   Today, we are here to offer a few bills that will make an immediate  and real difference for families to address health insurance rate  increases that we expect in 2018. These are commonsense bills that  should be bipartisan.   We hope our colleagues across the aisle will work with us in a  bipartisan way so we can provide immediate relief and guarantee  stability for the individual market--stability that will enable  individuals and families in all of our States to avoid serious  increases in their health insurance rates.   No family should face bankruptcy to cover their healthcare costs  because in Washington, DC, we can't implement the bill that we have and  instead continue to stall and play the game of politics against the  interests of the American people and, certainly in many cases, some of  sickest among us and people who have a whole lot of healthcare  insecurity. This is politics. We cannot continue to play politics with  people's health.   Some of the issues we are working to address were included,  interestingly enough, in the Senate healthcare bill--a clear  acknowledgment from the Republicans that these changes are necessary  for the health market to function in 2018.   Right now, we are standing here because time is of the essence. I  hope our colleagues will join us in this effort. We want to work with  them. We hope they will work with us. We hope we can at least at a  minimum get together and solve the problem for 2018 while we are  debating the future of healthcare delivery in this country.   I will call on my friend, the great Senator from New Hampshire,  Senator Jeanne Shaheen, to offer what I think is a terrific idea and to  talk about a bill on which I am a cosponsor.    Mr. President, I wish to make some concluding remarks.   No. 1, I share the concerns that Senator Barrasso expressed. I hear  from ranch families and I hear from farm families about the  unaffordability of their healthcare premiums. I hear about high  deductibles. I hear about how what has happened in the health insurance  market has made it more difficult for them to cover their families. I  hear that.   We have solutions we have been talking about that could lower those  costs. I would include dealing with people with chronic conditions.  Reports from the RAND Commission tell us that 12 percent of the people  in this country who have five or more chronic conditions cost the  healthcare system over 40 percent. Some of those people are on the  exchanges, and when they are on the exchanges, that drives the  healthcare costs up.   But I have a question. I have a question for people who are advancing  the Republican healthcare bill: Why do you have to give the richest  Americans in this country a tremendous tax break to solve that problem?  How does giving the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers in this  [[Page S3827]]  country over a $250,000 a year tax break--how does that fix the problem  for my ranchers? How does that fix the problem for my farm families?  You know the honest answer: It doesn't.   I need to understand how taking billions of dollars out of the  Medicaid system, driving sicker, older people who tend to be in the  Medicaid population onto the exchanges into the individual  marketplace--how does that help that farm family we talk about almost  every week on the floor of the Senate, that farm family, that  individual who is paying excess premiums? It does nothing for them.   This is all some smoke-and-mirrors deal. What we have done today-- almost 15 of us have come to the floor, and what we are saying is:  Let's fix the problems. We can all acknowledge that we have a  healthcare system where really sick people have a hard time finding  affordability. When you put really sick people into an insurance pool,  it drives up the cost for everyone. How do we manage that? The  insurance industry tells me the average time on the individual exchange  is 10 months. How do you take someone with five chronic conditions and  manage them in a 10-month plan? You know what, you don't. So they hop  from plan to plan, costing more and more.    If you want to reduce costs, you have to figure out how we can better  treat the sickest among us. Until we do that, we will not achieve the  common goal, which is reducing and bending the costs of healthcare in  this country. We cannot achieve that goal. When all we are doing is  saying: No, we don't want to pay, we are going to make the States pay  or we are going to make people on the individual exchange pay or we are  going to make people do what they have done before, which is not have  coverage and put them into uncompensated care, that will not solve the  problem.   We have some great examples here for the immediate concern that we  have about the premiums that are going to be expressed. In some ways,  this reflects concerns about the increased costs of healthcare and what  is happening in that individual market, but it is being driven by the  failure to fulfill the statutory obligation--reinsurance, cost sharing.   I do have to point out that I found it interesting that the objection  to Senator Shaheen's bill was that, oh, we haven't had time to take a  look at it, haven't had time to even considering this cost-sharing  issue. Really?   This is the last page of the Republican bill, page 145, stating in  section 208, ``Funding for Cost-Sharing Payments.'' I will give you, it  is a different schedule, different formula in the Shaheen bill, but  this is not a new concept. If we wanted today to give the insurance  industry the certainty they needed that would make sure that the  premium increases reflected not uncertainty but reflected actual costs,  we would do this: We would take up Jeanne's bill. The very bill that  the Republicans have advanced says, ``There is appropriated to the  Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the  Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums that may be necessary  for payments for cost-sharing reductions authorized by the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior  obligations).''   The same provision was in the House bill. How can it be objectionable  to have a debate about a provision that has been advanced in both  Republican bills? How can that be objectionable when so much is riding  on that, when the healthcare and availability of insurance to our  families is riding on making sure we at least have some kind of stopgap  measures in the exchanges that will guarantee a stability that will  make insurance available.   If we don't know what is going to happen with those counties--we know  we have huge counties that don't even have uninsured in them. Senator  McCaskill offered an opportunity. Guess what. How about they get their  insurance where our staff get our insurance or some among us get our  insurance? That is objected to because it is some kind of Washington  solution.   What is ironic about that is that provision that made Senate staff in  our home States get their health insurance on the DC exchange came from  Senator Grassley during the debate on the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act, not a Democratic idea. It was a Republican idea  and certainly something that bears at least a discussion, certainly  something that ought to be talked about here.   Let's not pretend there has been an outreach to people on the  Democratic side. Today the Democratic leader offered to go to Blair  House, offered to bring people together at Blair House, have a sitdown  on healthcare, offered to go to the Senate--the Old Senate Chamber, no  cameras, let's talk about healthcare. What we get is: You are not  serious.   I want you to know I am dead serious about sitting down and trying to  fashion a healthcare plan that actually fixes the problems we have  right now in affordability of health insurance.   When someone says, well, you have to accept tax breaks as part of  that for the richest Americans, think about this: 400 Americans will  get a tax break under the Republican bill--400. Just 400 Americans will  get a tax break under the Republican bill, equal to what it would cost  for Medicaid expansion in four States.   Make no mistake, this is not healthcare reform we are talking about.  That bill is not healthcare reform. It is entitlement reform in  Medicaid, shifting costs to States and patients. It is tax reform,  making sure the wealthiest among us get a tax break.   If we want to talk about healthcare reform, if we want to talk about  fixing the ACA, let's not throw out what is working. Let's make sure we  are fixing and addressing the problems that we here express every day  that come in our mail and that we know we have to address in order to  make the system fair; that is, younger, healthier people need a break.  They need to find an affordable product.   How are we going to do that? We have seen ideas here today, ideas  that could take care of--even if we just made them temporary, even if  we said this is only going to be there until 2019, we could stabilize  all of this today and begin that today, but yet it is objected to.   I think the message we want to send is we stand ready to fix the  healthcare system. We stand ready to work with the other side of the  aisle. We stand ready to address the concerns we hear from our  constituents about the healthcare system.   If we really want to respond to the concerns the American public has  about the U.S. Congress, we better start working together. We better  start finding a path forward to solve problems, real problems, not  pretend problems but real problems in this country. That way we will,  in fact, enrich and enhance our democracy. Until we do that, we  continue to struggle to get credibility with the American public, and  that is not, ladies and gentlemen and Members of the Senate, a formula  for success for our democracy.   With that, I yield the floor.   