 Let me first thank Congresswoman Plaskett for her tireless  leadership to protect our progress, but also for her vigilance and hard  work on behalf of her district and the territories. I thank her and  Congressman Marc Veasey for cosponsoring our Special Order, making sure  that the drum is being beat very loudly throughout the country with  regard to what is taking place here in Washington, D.C.   For more than 45 years, the Congressional Black Caucus has been the  conscience of the Congress. Since its founding, we have fought for  robust legislative action to lift our constituents and the African  American community, I guess, in a way, to ensure equal justice under  the law so that everyone, including African Americans, will be able to  live the American Dream.   Now, make no mistake about it: we will continue to fight for justice  and equality under President Donald Trump.   The President's inaugural address, quite frankly, was appalling. In  my nearly 20 years in the House, I cannot recall a darker, more  pessimistic view of our Nation from an incoming President.  [[Page H601]]    The President's inaugural address distorted the truth about our  communities. He used dog whistles to paint a frightening picture of our  neighborhoods and stoke fear.   Let me be clear: America is not the downtrodden, helpless Nation  President Trump described. Yes, we have much more work to do to ensure  equal justice under the law and to address the legacy of slavery, Jim  Crow, and segregation. But this means public investments in housing,  education, jobs, not budget cuts and corporate tax breaks that just do  the opposite and also dismantle the safety net.   Within hours of taking office, the President already began to unravel  the progress of the last 8 years. With the stroke of a pen, the  President stuck a dagger in the heart of the Affordable Care Act that  will take away health care for millions and pull the rug out from under  low-income families seeking to buy homes.   These destructive policies are an attack on the most vulnerable in  our society. It is clear that these executive orders will  disproportionately harm communities of color, the African American  community, and the poor.   Repealing the Affordable Care Act is just the tip of the iceberg. We  have seen the Trump administration planning a full scale attack on the  most marginalized community in our society.   Last year, after continually insulting the African American  community, Trump's so-called new deal for Black America really did just  add insult to injury. Rather than helping struggling families, this  agenda would gut Social Security, repeal the Affordable Care Act,  and abolish the safety net. We know that these cuts now will just lead  to more poverty. This approach is dead wrong.    Instead of stepping on the most vulnerable to benefit special  interests, President Trump should follow the CBC's lead by supporting a  national strategy to eliminate poverty and extend economic opportunity  to all Americans.   He can start by supporting our Half in Ten Act, which would reduce  poverty in half over 10 years. And if the Trump administration really  wants a new deal to benefit African Americans, they should look to our  assistant leader Jim Clyburn's 10-20-30 antipoverty plan, which would  direct at least 10 percent of funds in designated accounts to spent in  communities experiencing persistent poverty--those with a poverty rate  of at least 20 percent over the last 30 years.   These are just a few of the proposals that we have to address poverty  and lift up our communities. What we won't do is allow President Trump  to roll back progress or push more families over the edge into poverty.   We should be identifying the root causes of poverty and developing  policies to lift Americans up. Instead, President Trump has shown he  would rather line the pockets of billionaires and advance those failed  trickle-down economics.   In President Trump's new deal for African Americans let me just read  you very quickly what he said with regard to illegal immigration. He  said: ``We will restore the civil rights of African-Americans,  Hispanic-Americans, and all Americans, by ending illegal immigration.''   Our response is that the CBC will not buy into the divisive rhetoric  that blames immigration for the social and economic problems in African  American communities. Our members support comprehensive immigration  reform. President Trump will not roll back the clock on our progress or  doom another generation to the crippling effects of poverty.   Let me be clear: this 10-point plan really is a slap in the face to  African Americans everywhere. As co-chair of the CBC's Working Group on  Poverty and the Economy, along with Congressman Cleaver and chair of  the Democratic Whip Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality and  Opportunity, we will continue to work to make sure that the vital  resources for low-income Americans, African Americans, and those  struggling to make ends meet are there.   We will make sure that the country understands that the Congressional  Black Caucus continues to fight for a real deal for the African  American community, for our entire Nation, and that means lifting  people out of poverty, creating good-paying jobs, and moving forward on  the progress that has been made.   I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership.   