 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Ferguson), my esteemed colleague.   I rise today to recognize the New Yorkers who have been hit  especially hard by the policies of the previous administration and  ObamaCare's so-called reforms to our healthcare system. Patients have  been hurt, doctors have been burdened, and families and taxpayers are  being crushed by this terrible law, and its thousands of pages of  onerous regulations.   Our most vulnerable citizens--seniors, the hardworking middle class,  and veterans--are in worse shape now in upstate New York than they were  before. In New York State and across the 22nd District, patients are  being denied high-quality care that they deserve and need.   With higher costs, less accessible and affordable care, and mountains  of red tape, this law has proven to be everything but a Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act. Now, some deductibles are higher  than a house payment, and premiums across the Nation have increased on  average by 25 percent. Our families didn't sign up for this.   Patients have had their plans canceled and their doctors are deemed  out of network. They have fewer and worse choices than before. All the  while, costs have skyrocketed with premiums and deductibles jumping by  double digits and triple digits in some cases.   This failed law has hurt our economy, small-business owners, and  family farms while driving hundreds of thousands of jobs out of our  communities. Small businesses are being crushed by ObamaCare and have  either stopped hiring or dropped insurance coverage for their  employees. The CBO estimated that ObamaCare will result in the loss of  at least 2 million jobs. In fact, the number one complaint of small- business owners in my district throughout the last 6 years has been  ObamaCare, and 70 percent of the new jobs are created by the small  businesses in our community.   One small-business owner, in fact, told me that she had to lay off  nearly a dozen employees just to keep up with the cost of ObamaCare.  Just think of looking at 12 families and saying: You have now lost the  primary caregiver in your family just to keep up with ObamaCare  mandates.   Another family that I met with told me they had their insurance lost  after being canceled three times, and now their options are either  limited or unaffordable.   Another independent, self-insured man with three children told me  that he had an insurance plan, but he had no  [[Page H2077]]  health care, with a $12,000 annual deductible.   This is unfair and it is unsustainable for small-business owners,  particularly those in the independent market.   Hardworking middle class families in New York are being burdened with  nearly the highest taxes in the Nation. New York is one of only four  States that passes the State 50 percent share Medicaid burden onto the  local taxpayers. Twenty-five percent of the State's obligation to cover  Medicaid costs are forced onto struggling local governments already  suffocating under unfunded mandates from the State. This has caused  property and sales taxes to increase year after year, crushing the  pocketbooks of even the most vulnerable taxpayers.   In New York State, local taxpayers throughout our 63 counties will be  forced to pay over $7.5 billion annually in this local share to support  New York's Medicaid program. New York's Medicaid program is the largest  in the Nation. In fiscal year 2018, the cost will be over $65 billion-- over 42 percent of New York's $152 billion proposed State budget. That  is nearly the cost of the entire State of Florida's State budget.   Already, taxpayers in upstate and central New York are burdened with  some of the highest combined property and sales tax in the country.  Every penny that goes for this failing scheme is a penny less for our  schools, our roads, care for our seniors, care for people with special  needs, and actually the truly needy in our communities.   There is a better way that won't leave anyone behind. It is vitally  important that we begin to repeal ObamaCare so we can provide relief  for people across the country and the State.   I am currently reviewing the American Health Care Act, a reform  initiative proposed to alleviate the pressures ObamaCare has put on  patients, providers, and taxpayers. The proposals in the American  Health Care Act will lower premiums by 10 percent, reduce taxes by $883  billion, and reduce the Federal deficit dollars by $337 billion. All  are a significant step in the right direction.   However, I will continue to listen to constituents in the 22nd  District as the House carefully considers this legislation before we  vote on it and any future bills to improve and restore our healthcare  system for all.   Current and future taxpayers must not be saddled with further debt  and taxes to pay for lower quality and less access to care. Any new  initiative must enshrine the freedom to choose a plan tailored to each  person and each family. Any new initiative must include a competitive  marketplace which provides better and broader options for families  across all economic sectors. Any new initiative must protect seniors  and the truly needy in our society, because we do have an obligation  and a desire to help them.   But the status quo is unacceptable. ObamaCare is inefficient,  ineffective, and tramples our precious liberties. We, as their duly  elected representatives, should do all in our power to patient- centered, cost-conscious, high-quality system of health care in this  country. I will continue to fight for everyone in our communities.   