 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of  H.R. 353, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017.   Climate and weather are not fundamentally partisan concerns; they  affect all of our constituents, regardless of their party affiliation.  The bill we are considering today, which is the culmination of more  than 4 years of bipartisan compromise and negotiation, demonstrates  what can be accomplished when we work together to address the concerns  of our constituents.   Mr. Speaker, weather affects all of us each and every day. It is a  constant presence in our lives. Extreme weather events, which are  becoming more severe and more frequent, are damaging lives and property  in my home State of Texas, across the continental U.S., and all the way  to the islands of Hawaii.   Sadly, the devastation caused by tornadoes, hurricanes, and other  severe weather incidents have become a far more familiar occurrence  and, really, too much of it for far more Americans. It should go  without saying that we need to help Americans avoid and cope with these  potentially devastating events by utilizing the very best weather  forecasting and warning capabilities.   In that regard, the National Weather Service and the Office of  Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, or NOAA, play a central role in  protecting the lives and property of every American. H.R. 353 will help  accelerate innovation that NOAA can make use of, turning cutting-edge  weather research into essential weather forecasting tools and products;  tools the forecasters can then use to protect American lives.   The legislation improves collaboration and cooperation within NOAA  and removes barriers that exist between the weather research community,  our Nation's forecasters, and the private sector weather enterprise.  Improving these relationships will strengthen the accuracy and timing  of our weather predictions and, ultimately, will save lives and make  our communities safer.   H.R. 353 also reauthorizes NOAA's tsunami warning activities.  Communities along our Western Coasts are particularly impacted by the  threat of tsunamis. While this bill reauthorizes tsunami warning and  research activities at NOAA, it does so at a level far below current  agency spending. Such a cut makes little sense. Even in a tough fiscal  climate, we should be wary of cuts to programs that negatively affect  our ability to protect American lives and property from natural  disasters.   I want to applaud Environment Subcommittee Ranking Member Suzanne  Bonamici for her fight to retain funding for these programs at their  current level, and I hope that we can work together with our colleagues  to maintain current tsunami funding when it comes time for  appropriations.   Mr. Speaker, strengthening our resilience to severe weather events is  both vital and necessary to strengthen our Nation's economic security.  H.R. 353 will advance our weather forecasting capabilities, and I urge  my colleagues to support its passage.   