 Mr. President, I join my colleagues in speaking about  the opioid crisis that has devastated families in States across the  country.   I thank my colleague, Senator Manchin, for organizing the speeches  today.   In my State, deaths from prescription drug abuse have now claimed the  lives of more Minnesotans than have homicides or car crashes. We lost  our beloved Prince because of an opioid overdose, which is still being  investigated. Just as importantly, we lost a student in Duluth and a  mom in Rochester, MN--over 400 people in just the last year. We  continue to see dangerous synthetic opioids shipped across our borders  in increasing amounts--a trend that the U.S. Customs and Border  Protection expects to continue, as we heard in a Judiciary Committee  hearing last week.   Today, I joined Senator Portman in his subcommittee on Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs, and we talked about what is going on  from that perspective as well.   While there is more work to do to combat this epidemic, first, I  recognize that we have made some meaningful progress on a bipartisan  basis. We passed the CARA Act, which is something that was led by  Senators Portman, Whitehouse, Ayotte, and me. We set a framework up for  the Nation, and I look at it in three ways.   The first way is that we have to do everything we can to prevent  addiction. That means changing some of our prescription practices  across the country. Do you really need 30 pills when you get your  wisdom teeth out? It is about asking those questions and changing those  practices.   The second thing would be to look at prescription drug monitoring.  Senator Portman and I have a bill that would make it mandatory for  States to share their data across State borders. I found a guy in  Moorhead, MN, through his rehab counselor, who had 108 different  prescriptions for opioids from something like 80 different doctors in  50 different cities. He went from North Dakota to South Dakota, to  Minnesota, to Wisconsin. That is why sharing that data would greatly  reduce that doctor shopping.   I see here the Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn. Senator Cornyn and I  led a bill years ago to make it easier for people to throw away their  leftover prescription drugs so they would not get in the hands of those  who should not be taking them. Those are ideas for reducing that  demand.   Then you go to the next area, which, of course, is that of trying to  reduce the illegal drugs from coming in, like with the STOP Act, which  Senator Portman and I introduced, making it harder to get these drugs  in through the Postal Service, and doing more with law enforcement. By  passing the SALTS Act, which is a bill that Senator Graham and I  introduced, it will make it easier for prosecutors--the Presiding  Officer is a former prosecutor--to prove up cases with analogue drugs,  which is when perpetrators basically take a substance, change it a  little, and then say: Hey, it is a new drug. Then it makes it harder  for the Feds to go after it, and you have to prove it up in court.   So we are making some changes to our law to make it easier,  especially in rural areas, where they are not going to be able to get a  medical doctor in to prove up what the substance is in order to make it  easier to prove these cases.   These are all very good ideas, but what we are here to talk about  today is the issue of the funding and what will happen if we do not  have the funding for treatment. We did a good job with the Cures Act  last December, in which we made $1 billion available over 2 years, as  well as the work that was done on a bipartisan basis with the budget  for the rest of the year. I consider those good signs.   Unfortunately, the budget and the CBO score of the healthcare repeal  bill that was released this week--the bill that came over from the  House--shows us that we are at risk of working backwards on this issue.   According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, mental  health and substance abuse benefits could be cut under the healthcare  bill, which would increase out-of-pocket costs by thousands of dollars  for those who need these vital services. This is on top of the $839  billion in cuts to Medicaid under the bill and additional cuts in the  President's budget of more than $600 billion to Medicaid and the  Children's Health Insurance Program, even though these programs cover 3  out of every 10 people who have an opioid addiction. This would be  devastating for so many, if these budget cuts took effect.   I would like to do more. I would, actually, like to pass the LifeBOAT  Act, which Senator Manchin introduced and I am a cosponsor. That would  simply put an extra fee on some of these opioids so that the people who  have been reaping the profits from these drugs would be helping to pay  for the treatment. I think that is a great idea. Unfortunately, this  budget takes us the other way.   It eliminates programs that help rural communities build hospitals  and get access to vital telemedicine services. It cuts critical medical  research that is happening at the NIH--just when, at the end of last  year, we added that money to the NIH's funding. It was shown just in  the last month that, with the budget for the rest of the year, we have  continued that positive trend. The budget also doubles down on other  cuts that would hurt small towns and rural communities, which would  impact jobs and opportunities. It eliminates rural business programs,  which have helped to create hundreds of thousands of jobs. It cuts  rural housing programs and infrastructure grants and loan programs.  [[Page S3168]]    Altogether, these cuts not only threaten the progress we have made in  fighting against the opioid crisis, but they also threaten the  prosperity of the rural communities, which have been the hardest hit.  We need a budget that helps and not hurts rural America.   We have a lot of work to do. I appreciate, again, the work of our  Democratic and Republican colleagues in the Senate. As we have shown  with the budget--from last month through the rest of this year--we have  put some common sense in there and have done a good job and have gotten  a lot of bipartisan support. My hope is that we will do the same thing  here and make a smart budget and reject the one that has been proposed  by this administration and come up with something much better that  helps and not hurts the people of our States.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority whip.   