 Mr. Speaker, thank you to Chairman Hensarling and  Congressman Barr for working with me to make housing more affordable  for Arizona families.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Access to  Manufactured Housing Act. Manufactured housing is an important form of  affordable housing in Arizona, particularly for rural and underserved  communities. More than 300,000 families in Arizona live in manufactured  homes. Low- and moderate-income families count on manufactured homes as  an affordable choice.   Just last week, we had the honor of working with Habitat for Humanity  to help Ed, a Vietnam veteran living in Tempe, spread gravel and  improve his front yard. Ed first moved to the Valley in 1950 and bought  a manufactured home a few years ago.   If Ed wanted to use his VA eligibility to purchase a home, the  realtor would be able to connect Ed with a number of lenders who offer  VA home loans. However, if Ed wanted to purchase a manufactured home,  he would be instructed to go to a table by himself and sift through the  countless brochures and loan programs to decide which lender is best.  This is a daunting and discouraging process for most borrowers,  especially for first-time homebuyers.   Current regulations harm existing manufactured homeowners and  potential buyers by curtailing consumer access to manufactured home  loans or assistance in the home-buying process. These regulations  unintentionally make it more difficult to match borrowers with lenders  who can help them in a timely and efficient manner.   H.R. 1699 is a commonsense fix for Ed and the hundreds of thousands  of Arizonans who own or are looking to own manufactured homes. The bill  ensures that regulations give homebuyers more options, better advice,  and greater confidence when buying a new home. The bill also amends the  definition of a high cost mortgage and corresponding thresholds to  ensure that consumers of small-balance mortgage loans will have the  opportunity to access mortgage credit.   It was a privilege to meet Ed and thank him for his service to our  country. We should make it easier, not harder, for veterans and fellow  Arizonans like him to purchase a home of their choice. I urge members  of both parties to join me in supporting H.R. 1699.   