 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Connecticut  for that really good and detailed description of how we got to where we  are because I think it is really hard to explain to Americans at home  who are watching this what a debate really is. I don't see my friends  from the other side of the aisle right now, but watch what is happening  here today because what I have seen in my State the last few months is  extraordinary.   Families are coming up in the middle of a Fourth of July parade with  their child with Down syndrome, bringing him over and saying: He is not  just a preexisting condition. He is our child whom we love.   This last weekend, I was with a family with two identical twins,  Mariah and Evelyn. One is the catcher and one is the pitcher on their  11-year-old softball team. Just in the last few years, one of them  found out that she has a severe case of juvenile diabetes. The other  one is perfectly healthy. What the mom told me is that they can hardly  make it, paying for the cost of the insulin that has gone up  astronomically over the years, paying for the testing strips and  everything involved in this.   Yet, now, instead of seeing a bill which reduces the cost of  prescription drugs by including some of the provisions I have long  advocated for--from ending pay for delay, where big pharmaceutical  companies are paying off generic companies to keep their products off  the market, or bringing in less expensive drugs from other countries or  allowing for negotiation under Medicare Part D--instead of doing some  of those innovative things we need to bring costs down for regular  Americans, what we see here is going to make it worse.   When I met with these two girls, I told them and their family that I  had their back and that I would tell their story on the floor of the  U.S. Senate. Never once did I think I would be saying it, even this  last week, when we are facing this kind of onslaught to this family-- because what I would tell these girls now is that this bill, from what  we have learned--we have not seen it, we don't know exactly what is in  it--but from what we have heard, what would happen is, according to the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, it would kick 16 million  people off of healthcare.   I would ask those girls: Do you know how many people that is, girls?  It is 14 States' worth of people. It is the combined population of 14  States in the United States of America.   What we have learned about this bill is that it would increase  premiums by over 20 percent, again, according to the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office. What I would tell them is that is more  than their school clothes, it is more than their softball clothes, it  is a good chunk of their college education. This is real money for real  people and this reduces coverage and it makes it more expensive. We can  do so much better.   A few months ago, we went to that baseball game where the Republican  men's team played the Democratic team. I was there in the stands, and I  watched at the end this beautiful scene when the Democratic team won  and they took the trophy and they gave it to the Republicans' team, and  they said to put it in Representative Scalise's office.   Why did they do that? Because they were saying we are all on one  team. That is what this should be.  [[Page S4397]]    When we are dealing with one-sixth of the American economy, we  shouldn't be at night passing a bill that one of our most trusted  colleagues on the other side of the aisle, a Republican, has just  called ``a fraudulent disaster.'' That is not what we should be doing.  We should be working on the fixes that so many people have been working  on for so many years--bringing drug prices down, making the exchanges  stronger with reinsurance and cost sharing. These are things we  actually can do together.   I ask my colleagues to work with us. We have opened the door. We want  to work together on these changes and not to pass this fraudulent  disaster.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Colorado.   