 Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the  Nicklaus Children's Hospital in Miami, which has just been named  amongst the best children's hospitals in the Nation by U.S. News &  World Report.   Since 1950, Nicklaus, located in my congressional district, has been  a shining light for our community and one of the leading pediatric  healthcare centers in the world. Its doctors, nurses, and staff work  tirelessly to provide the highest quality of care to children and teens  in south Florida every day.   Nicklaus also includes the Miami Children's Research Institute, one  of the largest providers of clinical research services for children in  the Nation. From cardiology to neuroscience, our institute is at the  forefront of the development of treatments and medicines which are  improving the lives of kids not just in south Florida, but around the  world.   So, once again, congratulations to Nicklaus on being selected as one  of the best children's hospitals in the United States. Thanks to  everyone at Nicklaus for continuing to inspire hope and promote  lifelong health by providing the best care to every child in our  community.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this Perry amendment which will  strip vital language regarding the impact of Department of Defense  activities associated with climate change.   The Defense Department does so many vital things for the safety and  security of the United States and the American people. We all owe the  brave men and women who wear the Nation's uniform a debt of gratitude  that we can never truly repay. However, we must be cognizant of all the  impacts that DOD activities have across the globe.   The Defense Department has such a large footprint, and the amount of  military construction and other activity that it undertakes year round  impacts our environment. How could it not?   We are talking about possible implications such as contributions to  sea level rise--which is particularly important to my constituents in  south Florida--that it would be irresponsible for us to ignore.   I have a Coast Guard base in my district, Coast Guard Miami Beach,  located right there on the water in Miami Beach, and we know the impact  of sea level rise in that area.   So as a member of the Climate Solutions Caucus, I urge my colleagues  to oppose this Perry amendment. We have got to be clear-eyed, Mr.  Chairman, about every possible impact of our military activities, and  that includes the impact that we place on our environment.   