 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  Republican's so-called healthcare bill.   It pains me to even call it a healthcare bill because it is actually  a massive tax cut for insurance CEOs that provides nearly zero  healthcare benefits for the American people.   In fact, TrumpCare ensures that 24 million Americans will lose their  health insurance coverage. Seniors will be charged more, and insurance  companies will once again dictate the health of the American people. On  the very day that the majority tax cuts for the rich come into effect,  on January 1, 2018, at least 40,000 of my own constituents would  immediately lose their health care.   But that is not all. The Republican idea of health coverage will  leave millions of Americans without the basic health services that they  expect and that they deserve. That means that the monthly premium you  pay won't cover all of the services you will need to get better if you  get sick. The Republican healthcare plan won't cover your emergency  room visit, the X-rays, or even the prescription drugs you need to  recover.   Heaven forbid if you need prenatal or pediatric care, too. Basically,  under this plan, one illness is enough to bankrupt a family for a  lifetime. If you asked anyone on the street, no one in America would  call this health insurance. Yet, my Republican colleagues hail this as  choice--the choice to go bankrupt if you get sick or, God forbid, have  an accident.   So, Mr. Speaker, I have to ask: How many Republicans are left who  actually support the bill? Who wants to kick thousands of people off of  Medicaid, reduce care for the disabled, and strip children of their  health care because that is exactly what you are going to do if you  vote for this bill. It does the exact opposite of what you, your party,  and President Trump have promised the American people.   This bill doesn't provide better, cheaper health care for everyone.  And guess what? Everybody knows that. By voting for this bill, you will  literally force millions of Americans to pay more for less and  jeopardize the health of our country for generations.   So if you vote to break all of the promises you made to the American  people, then you are going to own it, and you are going to be  responsible for whatever happens. Vote down this bill.    