 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with  my colleague, the Senator from Hawaii, who has been leading our efforts  on coordinating a very loud and resounding voice on trying to stop the  FCC from running over an open internet, and I thank him for his  organization for today. I know we will be joined by our colleague,  Senator Wyden from Oregon--and perhaps the other Senator from Oregon  and several others--to talk about this important issue.   We are here today to try to draw attention to one of those important  economic issues before us: the need to preserve an open internet with  strong net neutrality laws.   We are facing a pivotal moment in the fight to preserve an open and  fair internet. A strong and open internet is, without question, one of  the great innovations of our time and one of the great job creators of  our time. Yet the Trump administration stands poised to undo the  bedrock principle of net neutrality in the face of evidence it would  undermine our economy and undermine future job growth.   The FCC has announced its intention to go against the demands of 5  million American consumers and reverse what is an existing rule so that  big cable companies and telecom providers can erect toll lanes; that  is, if you want fast internet speed, you have to pay more. This would  threaten the fundamental nature of our internet and the innovation  economy.   Last week, FCC Commissioner Clyburn and I held a townhall meeting on  net neutrality in Seattle. More than 300 people attended, and not one  was in favor of paying higher prices to their cable company for worse  or inhibited internet services.   Many people shared their personal stories about how an internet with  toll lanes would affect them negatively. We heard from many small  businesses and startups that they were afraid of losing business  because they might have to charge higher prices to their customers if  these important protections were reversed.   I heard from people with health problems and their concerns about  health emergencies while away from home. The absence of net neutrality  rules would mean that a doctor in their small hometown could not get  critical information to the medical practitioners who are dealing with  a patient in an emergency so that they could get important lifesaving  treatments. Whether you are a doctor examining a patient via  telemedicine or in an emergency room in Seattle or a student in a rural  community trying to access the  [[Page S3944]]  internet to get information, take a test or do research, a fast  connection is necessary. Your ability to have a fast connection is  something you are more than just a little concerned about. Being  artificially slowed down in favor of big companies that buy faster  lanes would turn our economy in the wrong direction.   Our economy is in the midst of a massive technological  transformation. As technology advances, incredible opportunities and  new jobs are created. Every business plan of every startup relies on  the ability to get content to consumers.   Largely as a result of innovation and the proliferation of hundreds  of startups in the United States, the internet economy today is now  worth $966 billion and accounts for almost 6 percent of our U.S. GDP.  This is a higher percentage of the U.S. economy than many other  industry sectors, including construction, mining, utilities,  agriculture, and education.   Net neutrality--meaning you have an open internet that is not  artificially slowed down unless you pay a ransom--is important for  small businesses and startups and entrepreneurs who rely so much now on  an integrated business model where internet access, marketing, and  advertising their products and services to reach customers is critical.  We need an open internet. We need it to foster job creation,  competition, and innovation for the almost 3 million Americans workers  who already rely on the internet economy today.   When net neutrality was implemented a year-plus ago, we were  protecting and making sure there was no uneven playing field.  Basically, because of the regulations, we were able to help small  businesses and entrepreneurs thrive. But our internet providers are  internet gatekeepers, and without net neutrality, they would seize upon  the opportunity to change that.   One slice of the internet economy--the app economy, which is growing  every single day--consists of everyone who makes money and has a job,  thanks to mobile apps powered by an open internet. Today, 1.7 million  Americans have jobs because of this economy. Nearly 92,000 of those  jobs are in my State of Washington.   Over the past 5 years, the app economy jobs have grown at an annual  rate of 30 percent. I don't know of another sector that is growing that  fast. The average growth rate for all other jobs is about 1.6 percent.  By 2020, the app economy could grow to over $100 billion. Why is this  so important? Because we all know that these various applications and  apps make our lives better. They make it easier. In a busy world, they  are helping us do the things that are so important to us with more ease  and more certainty.   The internet economy is dynamic and supercharged in creating job  growth. This phenomenon of economic growth trajectory would not be  possible without the internet as a platform for economic activity. This  is why it is so important that the FCC not, in the dark of night, put  down a rule without public comment to try to stop and change this  direction that has already been protected by past FCC Commissioners.  This is why my colleagues and I are here today on a date when everybody  is trying to raise awareness--because the FCC could act as early as  August 18 to try to change these rules.   It is important that we oppose any new FCC actions trying to  dismantle an open internet. We need to make sure we are talking about  the harm to consumers, the harm to innovation, and the fact that  internet speeds for American consumers are important and consumers  shouldn't be burdened by a cable company holding you at ransom to pay  more just to get faster speeds.   Consumers are already struggling with high prices. Cable bills rose  39 percent from 2011 to 2015, eight times the rate of inflation. In  2015, the average consumer cable TV bill was $99 a month; just a year  later, the average consumer cable bill had risen by 4 percent to over  $103. My guess is a lot of people listening to this now are probably  thinking, boy, where are we today?   One of the most popular arguments by the enemies of an open internet  is that it suppresses investment and leaves consumers with poor  broadband infrastructure. That is a false claim. Data shows that  investment by publicly traded cable companies and big telephone  companies was 5 percent higher during the 2-year period following our  protection of an open internet. Clearly, people are continuing to make  investment.   I want to make sure people understand that we do not want to see a  change in this policy. We do not want to see American consumers run  over by large cable companies that are demanding higher rates. We want  to make sure that we don't end up with a two-tiered internet system-- one for big companies who will pay and pay and pay for faster rates,  and consumers who are left with a very slowed-down, challenging to use  internet, which makes it hard for us to continue to innovate.   I encourage the American consumer to go out and contact the FCC. Yes,  your voice can be heard. The FCC has already received 5 million  comments, and they have until August 17 to hear more. Today, we are  asking everybody in America to say: Please don't slow down my internet  connection. Don't hurt our economy; don't hurt American business.  Invest in innovation, and keep an open internet for the future.   I yield the floor.   