 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his  outstanding leadership and candor on our committee. I want to give a  special shout-out to our chairman, Mr. Thornberry, who shaved an hour  and a half off our deliberations a couple of weeks ago by bringing us  into the 21st century, and laptops to look at our amendments. So it was  a great improvement.   I also want to thank my chair, Chairman Mike Coffman, for his  leadership. We have worked well together, and I look forward to  continuing that relationship, and also to a top-notch staff.   This bill includes provisions that will provide the military services  flexibility to recruit and retain members of our armed services and  continues our commitment to taking care of our military families.   The NDAA continues funding for DOD impact aid for schools with large  numbers of military-connected families and authorizes reimbursement, up  to $500 for military spouses' expenses related to obtaining a  professional license or certification when moving to a new State.   The committee continues to provide oversight of important programs in  the bill requiring reviews to ensure the Morale, Welfare, and  Recreation programs are properly funded to required levels and the  Department of Defense's debt collection practices are fair and do not  place undue burdens on servicemembers or their families.   The bill includes the PRIVATE Act, which I cosponsored with  Congresswoman Martha McSally and other members of the committee to  prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual  images and ensure the military services have the tools to prosecute  those who violate the law.   The bill also provides support for victims of sexual assault by  mandating training for Special Victims' Counsel to recognize and  address unique challenges often faced by male victims of sexual  assault.   I am pleased that the bill continues the committee's efforts to  assist those with post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain  injury, as well as ensuring families are educated on suicide factors  that are often associated with TBI or post-traumatic stress.   However, as Ranking Member Smith has said, this NDAA fails to make  the hard choices and trade-offs that are expected of us. The NDAA goes  beyond the President's request to provide 2.4 percent pay raises for  our servicemen and -women, at an additional cost of $200 million, an  expense simply added to the top line.   The NDAA also authorizes an increased end strength for the Army at a  cost of $4 billion, again, simply adding it to the top line. Certainly,  our troops deserve a pay raise, but the question that must be asked is:  Where is the money coming from? And on what basis are these decisions  being made?   Congress has not received a strategic plan from the Pentagon that  would inform us on how large the military needs to grow. By just adding  funding to the NDAA, Congress is not providing the stable, predictive  funding the military needs. In order to do that, we need to address the  big elephant in the room, the sequestration and budget control act  caps.    The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Despite all of these additions, the committee was  unfortunately unable to find the required offsets to fund an extension  to the Special Survivor Indemnity Allowance to ensure it does not  expire in May 2018. This falls short of my strong desire, shared by  other members of the committee, to permanently fix the survivor benefit  compensation.   This also amounts to a shameful tax on over 60,000 surviving spouses  who are already struggling emotionally and financially. While the SSIA  extension would be an important temporary fix, Congress must make a  permanent fix to the offset.   We cannot continue to allow surviving military spouses to suffer from  our inaction.   