 Thank you to the Senator from Hawaii for calling us here  together today.   Mr. President, it is clear that President Trump's nominee to the  Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, does not have enough support in the Senate  to be confirmed under our rules. When a Supreme Court nominee does not  have enough support to be confirmed, the solution is to pick a new  nominee, but Republicans in the Senate are threatening to pursue a  different path. They are considering breaking the Senate rules to force  the nominee onto the Supreme Court anyway.   I will be honest. I think it is crazy that we are considering  confirming a lifetime Trump nominee to the Supreme Court at a moment  when the President's campaign is under the cloud of an active, ongoing  FBI counterintelligence investigation that could result in indictments  and appeals, that will go all the way to the Supreme Court, so that  Trump's nominee could be the deciding vote on whether Trump or his  supporters broke the law and will be held accountable. That is nuts. I  believe we should tap the brakes on any nominee until this  investigation is concluded.   But even if none of that were happening, I would still oppose the  confirmation of Neil Gorsuch. My objection is based on Judge Gorsuch's  record, which I have reviewed in detail. Judge Gorsuch's nomination is  the latest step in a long political campaign by rightwing groups and  their billionaire backers to capture our courts.   Over the last 30 years, as the rich have gotten richer and working  families have struggled to make ends meet, the scales of justice have  been weighted further and further in favor of the wealthy and the  powerful. Those powerful interests have invested vast sums of money  into reshaping the judiciary, and their investment has paid off in  spades. Recent Supreme Court decisions have made it easier for  corporate giants that cheat their customers to avoid responsibility.  Recent Supreme Court decisions have let those same corporations and  their billionaire investors spend unlimited amounts of money to  influence elections and manipulate the political process. Recent  Supreme Court decisions have made it easier for businesses to abuse and  discriminate against their workers.   Giant corporations and rightwing groups have notched a lot of big  wins in the Supreme Court lately, but they know their luck depends on  two things--first, stacking the courts with their allies, and second,  stopping the confirmation of judges who don't sufficiently cater to  their interests. That is part of the reason they launched an all-out  attack on fair-minded mainstream judges--judges like Merrick Garland, a  thoughtful, intelligent, fair judge to fill the open vacancy on the  Supreme Court.   These very same corporate and rightwing groups handed Donald Trump a  list of acceptable people to fill the Supreme Court vacancy, and as a  Presidential candidate, he promised to pick a Justice from their list.  Who made it onto that rightwing list? People who, unlike Judge Garland,  displayed a sufficient allegiance to their corporate and rightwing  interests. Judge Gorsuch was on that list, and his nomination is their  reward.   Even before he became a Federal judge, Judge Gorsuch fully embraced  rightwing, pro-corporate views. He argued that it should be harder, not  easier, for shareholders who got cheated to bring fraud cases to court.   On the bench, Judge Gorsuch's extreme views meant giant corporations  could run over their workers. In Hobby Lobby, when he had to choose  between the rights of corporations and the rights of women, Judge  Gorsuch chose corporations. In consumer protection cases, when he had  to choose between the rights of corporations and the rights of the  consumers they cheated, Judge Gorsuch chose corporations. In  discrimination cases, when he had to choose between the rights of  corporations and the rights of employees who had been discriminated  against, Judge Gorsuch chose corporations. Time after time, in case  after case, Judge Gorsuch showed a remarkable talent for creatively  interpreting the law in ways that benefited large corporations and that  harmed working Americans, women, children, and consumers.   When it comes to the rules that prevent giant corporations from  polluting our air and our water, from poisoning our food, from cheating  hard-working families, Judge Gorsuch believes that it should be easier,  not harder, for judges to overturn those rules--a view that is even  more extreme than that of the late Justice Scalia.   Republicans assert that Judge Gorsuch is a fair, mainstream judge,  but rightwing groups and their wealthy, anonymous funders picked him  for one reason: because they know he will be their ally. And that is  not how our court system is supposed to work. Judges should be neutral  arbiters, dispensing equal justice under law. They should not be people  handpicked by wealthy insiders and giant corporations.   For the working families struggling to make ends meet, for people  desperately in need of healthcare, for everyone fighting for their  right to vote, for disabled students fighting for access to a quality  education, for anyone who cares about our justice system, there is only  one question that should guide us in evaluating a nominee to sit on any  court: whether that person will defend equal justice for every single  one of us. Judge Gorsuch's record answers that question with a loud no.   Republicans have a choice. They can tell President Trump to send a  new nominee--a mainstream nominee who can earn broad support--or they  can jam through this nominee. If they do jam through Judge Gorsuch, the  Republicans will own the Gorsuch Court and every extreme 5-to-4  decision that comes out of it. Republicans will own every attack on a  woman's right to choose, on voting rights, on LGBTQ rights, on secret  spending in our political system, and on freedom of speech and  religion. Republicans will be responsible for every 5-to-4 decision  that  [[Page S2198]]  throws millions of Americans under the bus in order to favor the  powerful, moneyed few who helped put Judge Gorsuch on the bench.   Right now, the Presidency is in the hands of someone who has shown  contempt for our Constitution, contempt for our independent judiciary,  contempt for our free press, and contempt for our moral, democratic  principles. If ever we needed a strong, independent Supreme Court with  broad public support--a Supreme Court that will stand up for the  Constitution--it is now.   If ever there were a time to say that our courts should not be handed  over to the highest bidder, it is now. And that is why Judge Gorsuch  should not be confirmed to sit on the Supreme Court of the United  States.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   