 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 150th anniversary of the General  Baptist State Convention of North Carolina and join my colleagues,  Congressman Butterfield and Congressman Price, in congratulating them  on their achievements and the appointment of their 32nd president, Dr.  Avery.   In North Carolina, the convention partners with Shaw University, the  [[Page H8221]]  oldest Historically Black University in the South and one of the oldest  in the Nation.   As a retired professor, as you heard, of 40 years from Bennett  College in Greensboro, founder of the Congressional Bipartisan HBCU  Caucus, and a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee here  in the Congress, it gives me great pride to reflect on the general  support that the convention gives to Shaw and its students.   I feel a special attachment to Shaw, since that is what became my  alma mater. North Carolina A&T State University was located on Shaw's  campus during its first year. Its history of leadership, activism, and  service is well-documented. The Student Nonviolent Coordinating  Committee, founded on Shaw's campus in 1960, and the Center for  Alternative Programs in Education--CAPE--had its beginnings there in  1980.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Butterfield for yielding.   I just wanted to add that he was almost a Shaw Bear with his parents  attending there. Just last year, I had the opportunity to address  Founder's Day to all of the students there.   Many firsts Shaw boasts: the first college in the Nation to offer a  4-year medical program, the first Historically Black College in the  Nation to open its doors to women, and the first Historically Black  College in North Carolina to be granted an ``A'' rating by the State  Department of Public Instruction.   Over the years, as Mr. Butterfield has said, many scholarships have  been provided to those students. They have encouraged the students to  not only attend their divinity school, but we find that many of them  have become college presidents: the founder of North Carolina Central,  the first President of Elizabeth City State, and North Carolina A&T  State University were all Shaw Bears, and we are delighted. So the  lives that the General Baptist State Convention has touched throughout  its existence is beyond admirable and almost beyond comprehension.   I want to close by saying that W.E.B. Du Bois reminded us that of all  the civil rights of which the world has fought for for 500 years, the  right to learn is undoubtedly the most fundamental.   So I praise the General Baptist State Convention and its commitment  to education, and Shaw University, as well, for their charitable giving  and for their dedication to educating young people through these 150  years, a century and five decades.   