 I thank the gentleman, Mr. Veasey, and also Mrs. Demings  for their leadership in this hour.   I know that our theme is ``What Do We Have to Lose''? That is  something that the President, during his campaign, asked the African- American community: What do you have to lose? Why don't you think about  voting Republican this time?   So I was a part of the group that Mr. Clyburn referred to that went  and met with the President last week. Members of the Congressional  Black Caucus Executive Committee met with the President. We went over  to the White House to answer the question: What do we have to lose?   As my colleagues who have spoken before me mentioned, we believe that  we have a lot to lose. I think that the budget is a reflection of all  that we have to lose.   As my colleague, Val Demings, said, a budget is a reflection of your  values. It is a reflection of where you think taxpayers' money should  be spent. So, in the opportunity that I had to speak with the  President, I mentioned to him that I was sure that he was aware that,  in the United States, over 2 million people are incarcerated. In fact,  we incarcerate more people in the United States than any other country  on the planet.   What I told him that he probably wasn't aware of was that this was an  issue--a bipartisan, bicameral issue--that Members of Congress in both  Houses were looking at because we recognized, over the years, that  incarceration is not the solution to communities that are experiencing  crime. We told him that there was a trend in Congress to actually  reconsider policies that led to overincarceration. We told him that the  Congressional Black Caucus was concerned about messages that we heard  from him: one that is reflected in his budget; two, that was reflected  in his new deal for Black America where the focus was on law and order.   We told him that we were concerned about his proposals to address  problems in poor communities, and our chair, Cedric Richmond,  specifically pointed out that he was concerned about the way African- American communities were consistently described as riddled by violence  and as almost uninhabitable.   We told him that we thought he probably wasn't aware that 95 percent  of prisoners return to communities and that maybe he was not aware that  many of these inmates return to certain ZIP Codes. If you have a  community in certain ZIP Codes where a number of people have been  released from prison without any services, then, naturally, you are  going to have a problem with recidivism. We have people coming out of  prison who then find out that they are prohibited from working and that  they are ineligible for public benefits, including even a driver's  license.   In the State of California, we had a program in State prisons where  we trained you to be a barber, but then we didn't allow you to have a  license if you had been a prisoner. So we had to change State law to  change that.   We told him that, if we don't find ways to reintegrate people into  society, he needed to understand that that was actually a contributing  factor to crime and violence in many communities.   When we went to the White House, we didn't just go to point out  problems, but we also went to talk about solutions. Here is the concern  when it comes to the budget. The budget that the President delivered to  Congress so far is so general that we don't know whether or not some of  the cuts to discretionary spending would include programs like the  Second Chance Act.   The Second Chance Act is a program that provides funding to States to  address and reduce recidivism. The Second Chance Act has programs that  work with inmates before they are released to address the root causes  of why they offended in the first place. Many people in prison--a large  percentage--did not graduate high school. So services that are provided  by the Second Chance Act include employment services, mental health,  substance abuse, housing, education, and family reunification.   As we talked about a budget being a reflection of values, for the  values to  [[Page H2460]]  me that will help the African-American community, we need to make sure  that the Second Chance Act is fully funded. We won't know what is fully  funded in the President's budget until he sends us more details in the  month of May. But it is my hope that he listened to the presentations  that members of the Congressional Black Caucus made when we had a  meeting with him last week and that, when the budget comes out in May,  we will see that the Second Chance Act is fully funded.   