 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, why are we even debating the nomination  of a person who clearly does not believe in our Nation's public  schools? No matter whether you are a Democrat, Republican, Independent,  no matter what part of the country you live in, whether rural or city,  whether you have children or not, who would say that education is not  important or valuable? Who would say that education is not foundational  to success in life?   Nine of every 10 students in the United States attend a public  school. Who among us would say those students should be led by a person  who does not believe in public schools? Who among us would say that we  should have an Education Secretary who does not commit to making public  schools better for the sake of all of our children?   Then we should ask ourselves: Is Betsy DeVos the best that we can do  for our children and young people? Does Betsy DeVos believe in public  schools? No. Has Betsy DeVos ever been a teacher, a principal, or even  attended public school? No. Does Betsy DeVos believe that we should  hold charter schools--which are public schools, by the way--equally as  accountable as other public schools? No. Does Betsy DeVos understand  educational civil rights laws that provide all children with  disabilities the opportunity to pursue a free and appropriate public  education? No. Did Betsy DeVos commit to holding schools accountable  for campus sexual assault? No. Again, I ask: Is Betsy DeVos the best  that we can do for our children and young people? No.   Again, why are we even here to debate whether such a person should  lead the Department of Education? I feel as though we are going down a  rabbit hole where up is down and down is up. It should not be asking  too much to have an Education Secretary who will stand up for public  schools and the millions of our children and young people who attend  our public schools all across our country.   Education is foundational. I think we all acknowledge that. I speak  from experience. When I came to this country at almost 8 years old, I  did not speak a word of English. I attended public schools where I  learned how to speak English, developed my love of reading, and  ultimately prepared for college. Public schools really helped prepare  me for life.   I had a great sixth grade teacher. His name is Yoshinobu Oshiro.  Before he was a teacher, Mr. Oshiro served in the military intelligence  service during World War II, one of the segregated Japanese-American  units that went on to earn the Congressional Gold Medal. He really  cared about his students, and he encouraged me to study hard.   I have stayed in touch with Mr. Oshiro for decades. When I was last  home in Hawaii about a month ago, I invited him to the historic meeting  of President Obama and Prime Minister Abe of Japan at Pearl Harbor. I  wanted to make sure that Mr. Oshiro met both Prime Minister Abe and  President Obama. This happened. Today, I have a photo of Mr. Oshiro.  There he is, meeting President Obama on that historic day in Hawaii.   Mr. Oshiro was a very important part of my life. In public schools  across the country, there are many more Mr. Oshiros, teachers who go  out of their way to support and encourage their students. They deserve  a leader who will fight for them, who understands the challenges our  public schools face, and who is committed to meeting those challenges.  They deserve a leader who wants all of our children in public schools  to succeed. If you can truly say that Betsy DeVos is that leader, that  she is the best we can do for the millions of children attending public  schools in our country, then vote for her. But I cannot. Thousands of  my constituents agree.   I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to Senator  Murray.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator may receive up to 40 minutes.   