 Mr. President, it seems appropriate that we are debating  the nomination of Seema Verma to head the Center for Medicare and  Medicaid Services the same week Republicans in Congress introduce a  plan to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.   Over the past 8 years, President Obama and the Democratic Party have  been fighting to make sure that everyone in this country has access to  affordable, quality health insurance. President Trump and his allies in  Congress do not share this commitment. Instead of debating how best to  expand access, they are fighting with each other to see just how many  people they can kick off insurance rolls--all in a crusade, apparently,  to save some people money.   This is not a crusade to improve the lives of as many Americans as  possible. It is a crusade to serve their radical antigovernment  ideology. In fact, ``ideology over people'' is a useful shorthand to  describe the first 2 months of the Trump administration.   The problem with their ideological debates is that people are left  out of the debate. Do we really know what it is like to be without  health insurance? Under the plan to repeal the ACA, 20 million people  in our country will be without health insurance, without healthcare.  What if you were one of those people?   This question is not an academic one for me. I know what it is like  to live without health insurance. When my mom brought my brothers and  me to this country--I am an immigrant--her job did not provide health  benefits. My greatest fear growing up as a little girl in this country  was that my mom would not be able to go to work if she got sick. If she  wasn't able to go to work, where would money for food and rent come  from?   That is not the kind of fear we want to impose on millions of  children in our country, but we will be doing just that to the 20  million people and their families who gained health insurance under the  Affordable Care Act--many, for the first time in their lives. They did  not have to be worried every single day that their child or their  parents would be sick and would not be able to afford the care that  they needed. This is not an academic exercise for any of them. They  will be hurt by what we are being asked to do. It is not an academic  exercise for the millions more who will lose their insurance coverage  under TrumpCare.   But no one should be surprised. This administration and their allies  in Congress continue to demonstrate a commitment to alternative facts.  If you believe their alternative facts, TrumpCare would improve  healthcare access for working families, seniors and women, and  Americans would have, as the President said, ``much better healthcare  for much less money.''   But in reality, TrumpCare will do the opposite. TrumpCare would end  by 2020 the ACA's Medicaid expansion that millions of people in our  country depend on every day. The expansion not  [[Page S1663]]  only provided health coverage to millions of people for the first time,  but it also helped to keep hospitals in rural and underserved  communities from closing down. These rural hospitals exist all across  the country. In its place, TrumpCare would change how States receive  Medicaid funding, and it would do so in a way that ensures that these  programs cannot keep pace with the rising cost of health insurance in  their counties and in our country.   Under this new system, States would have less money to spend on  Medicaid recipients and face the prospect of tightening eligibility and  slashing benefits. This would be particularly devastating in Hawaii,  where we saw the number of people enrolled in Medicaid grow by nearly  20 percent under the ACA. Medicaid has had a transformative impact on  tens of thousands of lives in Hawaii and millions of others across the  country.   Anne from Oahu walked into the Kokua Kalihi Valley Clinic 3 years  ago. She had no health insurance, and she was pregnant at the age of  15. The doctors at the clinic helped Anne apply for Medicaid, which  helped her afford prenatal care, gave her support to stay healthy and,  very importantly, to stay in school.    Medicaid helped Anne and her husband Dan, age 17, welcome a healthy  baby boy named Joseph. Today, Anne is a graduate of Farrington High  School, works part time, and has plans to become a pediatric nurse  practitioner. Anne, Dan, and Joseph now have insurance through Dan's  employer.   Reducing access to this critical program is wrong. Trying to convince  the American people they would be better off with the results of these  kinds of drastic negative changes to Medicare and Medicaid is yet  another alternative fact.   I am encouraged that four of my Republican colleagues spoke out  forcefully against any bill that would eliminate the ACA's Medicaid  expansion. We need more Republicans of conscience to make their voices  heard on this important issue.   TrumpCare would also be devastating for seniors in Hawaii and across  the country. Under TrumpCare, insurance companies would be able to  charge older Americans up to five times more for an equivalent health  plan than they would be able to charge a younger person. For a  President and a party that professes to hate taxes so much, they don't  seem to have a problem with what amounts to an age tax.   TrumpCare's changes to Medicaid would also have devastating  consequences for States like Hawaii, where our rapidly aging population  depends on Medicaid to pay for nursing home and other care. The  President made the American people a promise--that his healthcare plan  would not touch Medicare. But the cumulative effect of TrumpCare's  assault on our seniors--our kupuna--would force the Medicare trust fund  to go broke 4 years sooner than expected. For reference, the ACA  extended the life of the Medicare trust fund by 10 years.   This would have a devastating impact for seniors like Anne and Lanny  Bruder from Kauai. Lanny is 80 years old and working three jobs to make  ends meet. He has had two knee replacements and a heart attack. Anne  has glaucoma and pays a lot of money out of pocket for her prescription  eye drops. They can't afford to pay more for their health insurance,  which is exactly what is going to happen under TrumpCare.   TrumpCare would also have a profoundly negative impact on women  across the country. The President's plan would completely zero out  funding for Planned Parenthood. This lifegiving, lifesaving  organization would no longer be eligible for Medicaid reimbursements or  Federal family planning, which would leave a $500 million hole in their  budget.   Republicans continue to claim falsely that community health centers  would fill the gap in service left by the demise of support for Planned  Parenthood--not true. Most of these community centers, whose resources  are already stretched thin, do not provide women's healthcare or family  planning services. In other words, they would not be able to replicate  the services that Planned Parenthood provides all across the country to  millions of women and families.   Planned Parenthood operates two clinics in Hawaii, one on Oahu and  one on Maui. They are the forefront of innovation in increasing access  to family planning services across the State. They launched an  innovative new mobile application that would allow doctors to provide  digital consultations to women on neighbor islands for the purpose of  prescribing birth control. Recently, Planned Parenthood made their  first delivery to the island of Molokai, a largely rural island with  little permanent medical infrastructure. This is the kind of innovation  we should be encouraging, and it is precisely the type of program that  could get cut if Planned Parenthood loses its Federal funding.   I often say that there are people in this country getting screwed  every second, minute, and hour of the day. Instead of reducing that  number, which should be our goal, TrumpCare would increase the number  of people who get hurt in our country. The wealthiest of the wealthy in  our country would benefit because--not only would all these things  happen under TrumpCare that would be devastating to families, to women,  to our seniors--TrumpCare would also give a big tax break, a big tax  cut to the wealthiest people in our country. They don't need that kind  of tax cut. Do people making over $2 million a year really deserve  another $150,000 a year in tax cuts? I don't think so.   TrumpCare would be a disaster for the middle class, I am going to do  everything in my power to stop it from being the law of the land. We  have come too far in the past 8 years to go backward. The first way we  can fight back against this plan is by rejecting the nomination of  Seema Verma, who would be in charge of implementing TrumpCare as the  head of CMS.   Ms. Verma is unqualified for the job she has been nominated to do.  She has absolutely no experience running a major Federal department and  has virtually no budgeting experience. This is deeply disconcerting  because as the Administrator of CMS, she would oversee a $1 trillion  budget, which is twice as large as that of the Pentagon.   Ms. Verma would also continue the President's assault on women's  healthcare. During her confirmation hearing, Ms. Verma said she opposed  the ACA's requirement that all health plans cover pregnancy care. It is  because of this attitude that millions of women across the country are  participating in a Day Without Women today. In solidarity with them, I  will fight tooth and nail against TrumpCare and encourage my colleagues  to oppose Seema Verma's nomination to serve as the Administrator of the  very agency that is supposed to be protecting healthcare for all  Americans.   I yield the floor.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose H.J. Res. 58, another  Congressional Review Act resolution that would roll back an agency's  efforts to implement a law and prevent it from doing its job in the  future.   In this case, we are considering eliminating Department of Education  regulations on teacher preparation programs. In the 2008  reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, Congress required States  to assess and identify low-performing teacher preparation programs to  ensure that every teacher graduates ready for the classroom. Following  a process that began in 2011, the Department of Education released a  draft rule in 2014. That draft wasn't perfect and needed more  flexibility for States and institutions of higher education. After an  extended comment period, the Department revised the rule 2 years later.  Though it may not satisfy everyone, the final rule provides clarity in  line with Congress's direction.   Congress has the opportunity, with the reauthorization of the Higher  Education Act, to improve upon these provisions. We can build on the  State-driven assessment that this rule provides and further refine the  system to make sure that data is being used to better prepare a more  diverse class of teachers for our schools.   If the Trump administration does not want to wait for further  legislation, it can engage in a new rulemaking, but as with all  Congressional Review Act resolutions, this resolution is a meat ax  rather than a scalpel. It repeals the rule and prevents the Department  from carrying out its responsibility to ensure high-quality teacher  preparation programs. This is simply the wrong approach, and I urge a  no vote.  [[Page S1664]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). The Senator from Washington.   