 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman  McEachin for yielding this time to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 965, the Saint- Gaudens National Historical Park Redesignation Act.   Named after the great American sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens, this  historic site, located in Cornish, New Hampshire, has preserved his  home and working studios since it was established in 1965.   Augustus Saint-Gaudens was born in Dublin, Ireland, and immigrated to  America with his parents when he was just 6 months old. It was at a  young age when Augustus developed a strong interest in sculpting, which  set him on a path to Paris and Rome, where he studied art and  architecture and worked on his very first commission.   In 1876, Saint-Gaudens was tapped for his first of several prominent  Civil War-related commissions, which include the Standing Lincoln  statue of our 16th President. At over 12 feet tall, this historic  landmark stands prominently in Chicago's Lincoln Park. After working on  the statue for close to a decade, the towering piece was unveiled in  1887 to a crowd of over 10,000 people, including President Lincoln's  only living grandson.    His most famous work was commissioned soon after: the Robert Gould  Shaw Memorial, a bronze bas-relief which took Saint-Gaudens 14 years to  complete. Located in Boston Common, this iconic sculpture depicts  Colonel Shaw and the 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry,  which was the first African-American regiment organized by the Union in  the Civil War.   As one of the foremost American sculptors of the 19th century, Saint- Gaudens left a lasting legacy on our country's artistic heritage, which  continues to be cherished at our historic site in Cornish.   Since its authorization by Congress in 1964 and establishment a year  later, the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site has blossomed into a  popular tourist attraction and location for local artists and musicians  to share their talents. However, the present name, which designates  this location as a historic site, is no longer the most appropriate or  useful to accurately portray the complexity of this site.   Whereas, National Historic Sites are typically designated for single  buildings or sites that only encompass a few acres in size, the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site is 190 acres in size and includes  multiple buildings, a vast collection of American art, and a small  trail network that allows visitors to explore the grounds.   My legislation would simply redesignate Saint-Gaudens National  Historic Site to Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park, which would  more accurately illustrate all that the park has to offer.   In partnership with the Saint-Gaudens Memorial, a private nonprofit  that operated the site until it donated the land to the National Park  Service in 1965, this historic site offers rotating contemporary and  historical exhibitions, concerts, hands-on workshops, lectures, and  many other educational opportunities for our visitors.   The array of recreational activities offered to visitors makes this  park much more than a historic site. It is a living remembrance to the  great American sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens and the artistic legacy  that he has left behind. It is my hope that this proposed name change  will help attract more interest in the park, boost annual visitation,  and help drive our local economy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to pass this legislation.   