 Mr. President, today on Equal Pay Day, we are reminded  of the fact that women across the country still make less money for the  exact same work as their male counterparts, which is especially  problematic for women of color, for whom the gap is even wider. We are  also reminded of how vital our court system is to the future of equal  opportunity for women in America and to the future of our working  families.   The next Supreme Court Justice will enter the Court at a critical  moment for women's rights--a moment which could change the course of  reproductive rights, voting rights, disability rights, and civil  liberties in our Nation for generations to come. So naturally, I, much  like my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, wanted to know how these  critical issues fit in Judge  [[Page S2196]]  Gorsuch's judicial philosophy. I have serious concerns with his record  of failing to protect women's health--granting corporations and  healthcare providers leeway to undermine women's access to care. I am  also troubled by his rulings on disability rights that would jeopardize  access to public education for students with disabilities, which is  particularly alarming for the 27 million women in America who live with  a disability.   It is personal for me. As an American living with disabilities, my  life isn't like those of many of my colleagues in Congress. Getting  around can be difficult. I can't always get into restaurants or other  public spaces, even here in the Capitol. I have to spend a lot of time  planning how to get from one place to another.   I understand that not everyone thinks about these things, and for  most of my adult life, I didn't either. But after I became injured in  combat in Iraq, I learned how important the protections of laws like  the Americans with Disabilities Act and Individuals with Disabilities  Education Act are to ensuring that millions of Americans with  disabilities can live and thrive with dignity. Without them, Americans  like me wouldn't be able to get to work, go to school, hold a job, pay  taxes, go shopping, or do any of the things most of us take for  granted. That is why I am speaking out today, because it matters deeply  to me that our next Supreme Court Justice understand just how vital  these protections are for Americans living with a disability. It is not  just a disabilities rights issue; it is a civil rights issue.   Similarly, a woman's access to healthcare is also a civil rights  issue, and it is an issue that affects every single American. When a  woman can't get the care she needs, her family suffers, and when her  family suffers, her community suffers and our Nation suffers. That is  why I find it so deeply troubling that Judge Gorsuch has time and again  actively worked against reproductive justice. In a dissenting opinion,  he argued in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood in Utah based on  evidence that other judges deemed as false. In the Hobby Lobby case, he  made it clear that he favors the religious beliefs of corporations over  the rights of women to make their own choices about their bodies.   What is worse, that isn't the only time Judge Gorsuch ruled to put  corporate rights over human rights. You may have heard about a case in  my home State of Illinois in which Judge Gorsuch ruled in favor of the  rights of a trucking company over the rights of an employee in grave  danger through no fault of his own. That is deeply troubling to me. He  also dissented from a ruling giving a female UPS driver just the  opportunity--the opportunity--to prove sex discrimination, and then  again on a decision to fine a company that failed to properly train a  worker, resulting in that worker's death.   Judge Gorsuch's record makes it very clear that he is willing to  elevate large corporations at the expense of everyday Americans,  jeopardizing our civil rights. That is why it is so important to me  that he explain his judicial philosophy, that he explain to me his view  on so many of these critical issues.   But then, during 4 days of hearings before the Judiciary Committee,  Judge Gorsuch had the chance to clarify the philosophy behind his past  rulings--to explain how his rulings may reveal his judicial philosophy  as a Supreme Court Justice. However, instead of addressing these  concerns, he dodged these questions--questions on some of the most  important issues of our time. He wouldn't even express clearly his  views on Roe v. Wade. The American people simply deserve better than  that.   Earning a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court requires much  more than a genial demeanor and an ability to artfully dodge questions.  It requires honesty in answering even the toughest questions. That is  why I cannot vote to confirm Judge Gorsuch.   I take seriously my constitutional responsibility as a U.S. Senator  to offer the President my informed consent, and it is clear that Judge  Gorsuch has not provided some of the most essential information needed  to grant him a lifetime appointment to our Nation's highest Court.  Therefore, I am voting no on his nomination and supporting continued  debate on the subject because I can't vote for a nominee when so many  questions are left unanswered.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   