 Mr. President, on June 29, 2017, the Agriculture  Committee reported by voice vote the fourth authorization of the  Pesticide Registration Improvement Act, more commonly known as PRIA.   For nearly 20 years, PRIA has served as an example of bipartisanship,  bringing together a wide range of stakeholders in support of a  commonsense fee for service programs within the EPA's Office of  Pesticides Programs.   PRIA provides certainty for registrants; much needed resources to the  EPA to ensure regulatory examinations related to human health and  environmental safety risks are done properly; and PRIA also provides  vital funds for pesticide safety training and information to our  Nation's farmworkers.   Unfortunately, after several years of carefully revising and  finalizing an updated Worker Protection Standard, the EPA decided last  month to delay key elements of worker protections, including the much  needed revisions to the Certification of Pesticide Applicators rule.   Without strong and timely farmworker protections, PRIA simply does  not make sense for some stakeholders who are a part of the coalition.  The funds from PRIA allocated to farmworker protection should be  meaningful resources that complement strong, effective protections and  should not be undermined by changes to EPA's Worker Protection Standard  and the Certification of Pesticide Applicators rule that would weaken  farmworker protections.   Therefore, I strongly oppose any future efforts by the EPA to delay  or amend the worker protection rules that the Agency finalized in  November 2015 and January 2017, respectively,  [[Page S3914]]  without undertaking a negotiated rulemaking, which must include all  relevant stakeholders, to ensure that all voices are heard.   I hope the EPA will take a cue from our recent bipartisan and  consensus-based committee action on PRIA and proceed in a similar  fashion should they decide that any delays or adjustments to the Worker  Protection Standards or the Certification of Pesticide Applicators rule  are necessary.   Should the Trump EPA dismiss the concerns of farmworkers and  environmental advocates, I fear that last month's committee vote may  unfortunately be the last bipartisan PRIA reauthorization that this  panel is able to report out. I hope that is not the case, and I know  other members of the committee share my concerns on the matter.   Once again, I want to thank Senator Roberts for his leadership. I am  glad we were able to move forward in a bipartisan and consensus manner  to reauthorize PRIA last month.   