 Mr. President, I want to indicate before the  distinguished majority whip leaves that what is being talked about here  is like having a hole in the roof of your house. Instead of patching  it, they want to burn down the house. What we are not willing to  participate in is burning down the house. We are more than happy and,  in fact, have proposals and are anxious to work with the majority to  improve healthcare--not rip it apart, not take tens of millions of  people's healthcare away, but improve it.   Before asking a question of the majority whip, I also want to  indicate for all those listening that we have the bill. We can actually  read pretty quickly, and it has been out. Even though it is considered  a discussion draft--we don't know what it is at this point--we have it.  We are analyzing it.   What our leader, the Democratic leader, indicated is what we have  been able to read in this discussion draft, which is not only more of  the same but is worse for seniors, those in nursing homes, and children  in Michigan and across the country. That is what is in this, which we  now have, whatever it is called.   I would ask the majority whip, instead of burning down the house at  this point in terms of ripping apart the healthcare system, would you  join with us in putting forward a bill that would allow Medicare to  negotiate prescription drug prices for seniors, which my hospitals and  insurance companies tell me are one of the driving forces that are  raising the costs of healthcare? Would you be willing to work with us  on a bill to lower prescription drug prices and allow Medicare to  negotiate drug prices on behalf of America's seniors?    Mr. President, to the distinguished leader, I simply  would say I am proposing that instead of this, which is essentially  burning down the house in America in terms of healthcare, that you  instead join with us in what you have admitted is one of the top  drivers of healthcare costs in this country, which is what we want to  tackle. We want to bring down the costs. We want to bring down the cost  of prescription drugs, the out-of-pocket costs for everyone whose  copays and premiums are too high. That is what we want to do. Taking  away nursing home care, taking away the ability for a parent to take  their child to the doctor or someone with cancer to get the treatment  they need or a small business owner being blocked from getting  healthcare because of a preexisting condition--we consider that burning  down the house. We are opposed to that.   Frankly, we would love to have a ceremony and light this on fire and  come back together and work together on the No. 1 driver, which is the  cost of prescription drugs.    Mr. President, in conclusion, I wish to make one other  comment, and that is, the people in Michigan who are purchasing on the  private exchange--over half of whom are able to get a policy today for  their families for less than $100--I would say they would have a  different perspective.   We need to fix those things that are not working, but for the 97  percent of the children in Michigan who can now see a doctor because of  what has been done; for the hospitals that now see 50 percent fewer  people walking into the emergency room without insurance, raising the  costs for all policies; for the savings the State of Michigan is going  to have in its budget next year of $432 million in savings to taxpayers  because they did the right thing by allowing children to go to a doctor  instead of getting sick and going to the emergency room, I would  suggest this is the wrong direction.   