 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 241, I call up  the bill (H.R. 1304) to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security  Act of 1974, the Public Health Service Act, and the Internal Revenue  Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of health insurance  coverage certain medical stop-loss insurance obtained by certain plan  sponsors of group health plans, and ask for its immediate consideration  in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous materials on H.R. 1304.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1304, the Self-Insurance  Protection Act.   Mr. Speaker, across the country, hardworking men and women are  struggling to afford rising healthcare costs, and their options  continue to drop year after year. At the same time, employers, large  and small, are finding it harder to provide the type of high-quality,  affordable healthcare coverage their employees need.   With over 150 Americans relying on an employer-sponsored health plan,  Congress must do everything possible to ensure employers have the tools  they need to help control healthcare costs for working families.  Preserving access to self insurance is one simple step we can take as  part of that effort.   More than 60 percent of employers who offer healthcare coverage  choose to self-insure. This means that instead of purchasing a plan  from an insurance company, employers pay their employees' healthcare  costs directly. As a result, the employers have greater flexibility to  structure a healthcare plan to the unique needs of workers and their  families.   Although these plans provide important protections, they are free  from certain restrictive rules that force workers to purchase one-size- fits-all benefits that they may not want or need. Self-insurance is a  popular option that often leads to lower health insurance premiums for  workers and their families.   In years with below average medical claims, any remaining healthcare  dollars can help offset premiums for workers the following year, or can  be used to help create new jobs and higher wages.   It is not just private sector employers who like the flexibility and  affordability of self-insured health coverage. It is also embraced by  labor organizations, schools, cities, and counties.   Of course, there is some level of risk associated with these plans.  That is why employers purchase stop-loss insurance, so that employees  can count on their healthcare coverage when they need it. Because it  simply serves as a financial backstop to an actual health insurance  policy, stop-loss has never been regulated as health insurance by the  Federal Government. Never.   But as we all know, the previous administration had a constant urge  to regulate practically every aspect of American life, regardless of  the consequences. It was only a matter of time before the Obama  administration made stop-loss insurance one of its regulatory targets,  even though many employers would find it nearly impossible to self- insure as a result.   Limiting a popular free-market healthcare option that millions of  Americans rely on was a price they were willing to pay in order to push  their government-run healthcare scheme.   Fortunately for working families, the Obama administration was  unsuccessful, and we now have a new administration committed to  expanding, not limiting, affordable healthcare options. However, all  this highlights the need to protect access to self-insurance.   Employers need long-term certainty when it comes to the healthcare  benefits they provide, and working families deserve peace of mind that  they won't lose the plan they like because of a partisan, unnecessary  Federal regulation. The Self-Insurance Protection Act provides that  certainty and peace of mind by reaffirming existing law and preventing  Federal bureaucrats from regulating stop-loss as health insurance.   There is more we can and should do to promote affordable healthcare  coverage for working families. This legislation is one small step we  can take to ensure Americans can continue to benefit from flexible  healthcare plans that help lower costs.   I urge my colleagues to stand up for affordable healthcare options  for workers and employers by voting in favor of H.R. 1304.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Roe), the author of the bill, a member of the Education  and the Workforce Committee, and chair of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg), chairman of the Health, Employment, Labor, and  Pensions Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell) who is a member of our  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, we all want workers and employers to have access to  high-quality, affordable healthcare coverage, and that is exactly what  this legislation is about.   Our Nation faces significant healthcare challenges. Costs are  soaring, and choices are diminishing. This legislation will in no way  address all of these challenges; however, it is one step we can take to  protect access to affordable healthcare options for workers and  employers.   Let's give workers and employers who rely on self-insured healthcare  plans a little bit of certainty and peace of mind today by passing this  commonsense legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote in favor of the Self-Insurance  Protection Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.   