 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him for his great leadership as the ranking member on the Budget  Committee in the House, and I thank all of the members of the Budget  Committee for their great work to make the budget that was proposed  earlier, the Yarmuth budget, a statement of our values. That is exactly  what a budget should be.   A Federal budget should be a statement of our national values, and  what is important to us as a country should be reflected in the  priorities that we place into that budget. The budget before us,  proposed by the Republicans, is just the opposite of that. It is  accompanied by a tax proposal that they put in, one of the biggest  transfers of wealth to the wealthiest people in our country in our  country's history. Every time they do it, they make it worse.   I let you be the judge: Is a statement of our national values to cut  a trillion dollars from Medicaid, cap and take Medicaid down a bad  path, in order to give tax cuts to the richest people in our country?   Is it a statement of our values to take a half trillion dollars out  of Medicare to give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in our country?   Our distinguished ranking member has listed some of the things that  would be cut if we went down this unfortunate path posed by our  colleagues on the other side.   This is a budget that steals from the middle class. It steals  hundreds of billions of dollars from critical job-creating, wage- increasing investments, infrastructure, job training, and clean energy.  It harms veterans, it cuts education, it abandons rural America, and it  guts education.   This is really a mystery to me. When you cut education, with the  stiff competition we have, this is one of the worst budget decisions  that you have made. Nothing brings more money to the Treasury than  investing in education: early childhood, K-12, higher education,  postgraduate, and lifetime learning for our workers.   That is how you grow the economy. That is how you bring money to the  Treasury, and not by cutting it in order to give tax cuts to the  wealthiest people in our country.   Is it a statement of values to cut education so that you have a tax  cut that benefits 80 percent?   I know you don't want the public to hear this, and I can understand  why. How could it be a statement of the values of the American people  to cut the education of our children in order to have a tax cut where  80 percent of it benefits the top 1 percent of people in our country?  It is just not right.   As they do that, the deficit hawks, who seem to be an endangered  species on the Republican side of the aisle these days, are adding  close to $2.4 trillion to the deficit, not counting debt service or  interest on that national debt. Then they say: Oh, that is okay; we  need to increase the national debt by trillions of dollars so that we  can give tax cuts.   Where do the tax cuts go? $2.6 trillion goes to corporate America.   Guess what happens to the middle class. There are $470 billion in tax  increases to the middle class, about a half trillion dollars in  increases to the middle class, $2.5 trillion in tax cuts for corporate  America. Again, it is adding so much to the deficit.   Now they say: Oh, trickle-down economics is going to pay its own way.  We will get that money back.   Not so. It never happens. Nonsense. But don't take it from me. No  less a figure than Bruce Bartlett, who worked for Congressman Jack  Kemp, a real supporter of supply-side economics--and, as was said,  supply-side turn into trickle-down, et cetera. As a proponent of  supply-side economics, he said: We never said it would pay for itself.  We just advocate it as an economic approach.   But anyone who says, and this is from him, that the whole supply-side  dynamic scoring pays for itself--part of this argument--is all  nonsense. It is not true. He went on to say that it was bull--you  finish the sentence.   So, here we are at a place where we can increase the deficit,  decrease job creation, hurt the middle class, benefit the top 1  percent, and add to the national debt in historic proportions that will  be very hard to collect from deficit hawks--if any of you exist over  there.   Instead, we have an opportunity today for a better deal for the  American people--better jobs, better pay, better wages, and a better  future--where we lower costs for America's working families and middle  class families, and where we prepare them with the tools for the  economy of the 21st century.  [[Page H7881]]    I thank the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, the chair of the  Bourbon Caucus, for his great leadership in bringing a better budget  that is a statement of our national values, that supports American  workers with responsible tax reform, calls for parity between defense  and nondefense, and strengthens the ACA and protects Medicare.   Every time the Republicans come to the floor and try to stack the  deck even further for their wealthy friends, we have to have this  conversation. Democrats will fight these tax cuts and this unfortunate,  deceptive budget that they have on the floor. I urge my colleagues to  start by voting ``no'' today and to continue the conversation with the  American people to fight this unfortunate path they want to take us  down: the road to ruin.   I urge a ``no'' vote.   