 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit  at the desk.    I am opposed to the bill in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment  to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee.  If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as  amended.   Like so many communities and States across this country, New  Hampshire has been devastated by the heroin and opioid epidemic. Last  year alone, my State lost 500 people to substance use disorder.   Helping families, first responders, treatment providers, law  enforcement officials, and family advocates in the Granite State  confront this crisis has been my number one priority in Congress.   In 2015, Mr. Guinta and I founded the Bipartisan Congressional Heroin  Task Force to raise awareness of this crisis and to advocate in a  collaborative way for solutions at the Federal level. I am proud to  report that our bipartisan task force is now 90 members strong, and we  have made important progress in passing legislation and securing  critical funding.   But the causes of this crisis are complex, requiring a multifaceted  approach addressing every angle of the epidemic, from treatment to  recovery, from education and prevention to law enforcement and  interdiction.   A primary cause of opioid misuse resulting in heroin dependence is  the overprescribing of opioid pain medication.   The data is astonishing. A December 2016 study found that opioids  were prescribed to 91 percent of patients after they had experienced an  overdose, and, in fact, 63 percent of patients on high-dose opioids  were still prescribed high-dose opioids after overdosing.   We have all heard the stories: teens who had their wisdom teeth  removed receiving 30-day supplies of opioids, or a person with back  pain receiving prescriptions for extended release opioids even though  Tylenol would keep them comfortable.   America consumes 80 percent of the global supply of opioid  medication, and 650,000 opioid prescriptions are written every single  day.   Earlier this year, a study by the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention found the following extraordinary fact: if 100 people take  opioid medication for 1 day, 6 percent will still be using 30 days  later; and if 100 people take opioid medication for 30 days, 35 percent  of those patients will still be using opioids a year later.   Our task force is working closely with the medical community to  strengthen prescribing practices so that patients can manage their pain  in an effective and responsible way.   Through my role on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am working with  my colleagues to improve pain management practices at the VA and to  better understand alternative methods for pain management.   The White River Junction VA facility in Vermont serving New Hampshire  veterans is a great example where they have cut opioid prescriptions  nearly in half by incorporating alternative treatments.   While there is much work that we can do to understand this issue,  there remain bad actors across this country who are exploiting those  who suffer from substance use disorder for their own financial gain.   In rural communities and elsewhere, pill mills churn out opioid  prescriptions with no regard for the well-being of their patients. And  just last month, a doctor in New England pled guilty to healthcare  fraud for overprescribing opioids, including writing more than 1,100  Oxycodone prescriptions in a single month.   Victims of exploitative prescribing practices must have the  unencumbered capacity of our legal system to recoup their damages and  to deter negative industry practices.   I am concerned that arbitrary limitations in this legislation on  legal damages could limit their ability to effectively respond to the  opioid epidemic, and that is why my amendment would simply exempt from  the legislation any claim or action that pertains to grossly negligent  prescription of opioids. Should this bill become law, this provision  will help protect those who have been exploited by predatory physicians  operating pill mills.   There is so much we should do to roll back this crisis, and I look  forward to our continued bipartisan work. But today I urge my  colleagues to approve this motion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   