 Thank you, Mr. President.   I have been sitting on the floor for a while, listening to other  Senators tell amazing stories about young people who came to this  country as children and how they have thrived, how they have become  woven into a part of the American fabric. These are stories of courage,  stories of hope, and it is inspiring to listen to these stories.   Tonight I want to add another piece to this story, and that is about  why law matters--why it matters that we have a Dream Act. This photo  portrays Reina Guevara. She is a Massachusetts resident. She is a  student now at UMass Boston. When Reina was 11 years old, she fled from  El Salvador and settled with her mother in Everett, MA.   Reina is a model student. After completing high school and graduating  with high honors from Bunker Hill Community College, she won a  scholarship and transferred to UMass Boston, where she currently has a  double major in philosophy and in public policy.   Until DACA came along, Reina had to live in the shadows, and living  in the shadows wasn't easy. She worked long hours in a restaurant where  she was subjected to sexual harassment. Knowing that she didn't have  legal status, Reina's boss frequently propositioned her to have a  sexual relationship with him and threatened to report her to  immigration authorities if she didn't go along with what he wanted. So  instead of giving in to her boss's advances, Reina quit her job, even  though her boss refused to pay her for the work that she had already  completed.   DACA changed the world for Reina. It meant protection. It meant that  she could go to work without the fear of being sent back to a country  that she barely knew. It meant that she had access to more jobs, where  she wouldn't have to face exploitation, humiliation, and sexual  harassment. It meant that Reina could pay instate tuition and become  the first person in her family to complete college, opening up even  more doors of opportunity.   Right now we are in the middle of a long overdue discussion about  sexual harassment and sexual assault. Women are bravely coming forward  to tell their stories about powerful men who have abused their power to  hurt others. Sexual assault isn't just happening in Silicon Valley or  in Hollywood or in legislative chambers. It happens all across America  at hotels, fast food restaurants, and convenience stores. If you are a  woman without official status, you have yet another barrier to speaking  out.   When the DACA Program started, we made a promise to young people like  Reina. We promised them that if they came out of the shadows, they  would have an opportunity to live and to work and to go to school  without the fear of deportation. We promised to protect them. Donald  Trump broke that promise when he ended DACA.   But there is something that Congress can do to help Reina and people  like her, young kids who have spent their lives reaching for their  dreams. We can pass a clean Dream Act, a bipartisan bill that would  give young people like Reina status and a path to citizenship, a bill  that protects those young people without subjecting their parents or  their siblings to deportation. We could do that, but time is running  out.   Soon DACA recipients will begin losing their status and will be  subjected to deportation. We can stop that from happening, but we have  to act soon. I am ready to vote and many of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle are ready to vote. So I have one question for Mitch  McConnell: What is stopping you?   We are ready to pass this bill. Just get it done.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   