 Mr. Speaker, if Republicans crafted legislation that  lived up to the promise of insurance for everybody, they would have  broad bipartisan support. But that is not what they did.   This bill threatens massive disruption and chaos, not only to our  healthcare system, but to middle class families, families who sit at  their kitchen table trying to figure out how to pay their mortgage, buy  groceries, and also get health coverage for their kids. This Republican  bill does nothing to help them.   In their rush to check a political box, Republicans have crafted  legislation that does nothing but hurt working Americans, and, in the  last 24 hours, it has gone from bad to worse.   Make no mistake, the changes made in the 11th hour to appease the  most extreme Members of Congress have put lifesaving care even further  out of reach.   Some may use alternative facts, but this is reality, and the reality  is that their bill robs $75 billion from Medicare, forces older  Americans to pay five times more than others, and shifts $312 billion  in out-of-pocket costs onto middle class families.   But this is about more than numbers. It is about people like Rachel,  from Kirkland, Washington, who suffered a heart attack and blood clot  at the age of 35. She now depends on frequent tests, medications and  doctors' visits to stay healthy. Thankfully, it is all covered by her  insurance.   Rachel told me: ``I'm horrified by the talking point that equates  repealing the Affordable Care Act with getting freedom back. For me,  the loss of the ACA gives me nothing but the freedom to die sooner and  worry more.''   I am not voting against this bill because it is a Republican bill. I  am voting ``no'' for families like Rachel's.   Health care doesn't need to be a partisan issue, and I stand ready  and willing to work on commonsense solutions that expand coverage and  reduce costs. But I was sent here to make my constituents' lives  better. This bill does not do that. I encourage my colleagues to vote  ``no.''   