 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the  resolution which uses the Congressional Review Act process to overturn  a Fish and Wildlife Service resolution prohibiting certain inhumane  methods of killing bears and wolves within the 16 national wildlife  refuges in Alaska, which cover about 20 percent of the State of Alaska.   I understand the opponents of the Fish and Wildlife Service rule  argue that States' rights issues are at hand, and they are responsible  for the management of fish and wildlife in the State. That is certainly  true within the State, but on Federal national wildlife refuge land,  the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is in charge--just like at Mount  Rainier or Olympic National Park, where the National Park Service is in  charge. I am sure there are times when Pierce County or even Seattle  would like to make rules related to Mount Rainier, but they are not  allowed because it is part of our National Park System. Similarly, the  Fish and Wildlife Service manages our national wildlife refuge system.   The rules in this proposal only apply to those national wildlife  refuge lands in Alaska. They don't cover any other lands in the State.  So this isn't about States' rights. It is about how we can manage these  wildlife refuges to the degree that agencies believe are necessary for  the preservation of the wildlife.   Managing these national wildlife refuges--the 16 Federal refuges in  Alaska--is about ensuring the management policies are consistent with  the purpose of the wildlife refuge. It is not about prohibiting  hunting. In fact, hunting has been allowed, and will continue to be  allowed within these refuges in Alaska, as is the case with most  national wildlife refuges throughout the United States.   As the Senator from New Mexico pointed out earlier, this is about  what people want to see when they go to a national wildlife refuge. Do  they want to see the inhumane killing of bear cubs in their den or  would they like to see the bears and the other fish and wildlife  activity that exists in so many of these beautiful areas?   Another argument that has been raised is that this rule will stop  Alaskans from hunting for subsistence purposes--Native Alaskans who  depend on subsistence hunting. The rule says nothing about this. It  does not affect subsistence hunting. This rule is only about  prohibiting certain methods of predator control in our wildlife  refuges. Some people think this is contrary to responsible wildlife  management practices in other States. But this rule only applies to  national wildlife refuges in the State of Alaska.   The actions that Alaska has authorized on their State lands are so  aggressive, that permitting them on Federal wildlife refuge land would  be counter to the purposes of these national wildlife refuges. I know  one of my colleagues was here citing what they think is already  prohibited under state law, but the Alaska Administrative Code does  allow for carbon monoxide cartridges to be used in humane euthanizing  in these wolf dens and the killing of young animals.   Mr. President, let me read from the relevant provision of the Alaska  Code, which is 5 AAC 92.110, Control of Predation by wolves. Subsection  (h) states that ``carbon monoxide cartridges may be used to humanely  euthanize wolf young in the den in areas under a predation control  implementation plan.''   The next subsection, subsection (i) states that ``the killing of wolf  young in the den, commonly known as `denning,' is prohibited unless the  commission authorizes the killing of wolf young in the den in areas  under a predation control implementation plan.''   That is in the Alaska Administrative Code today, and it is something  that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not want to see happen in  national wildlife refuges. The killing methods authorized by the State  of Alaska include killing bear cubs or mothers with cubs, killing brown  bears, including grizzly bears, using bait, killing brown bears using  traps or snares, killing wolves or coyotes and their pups during the  denning season, and shooting bears or wolves from aircraft or  helicopters, using the aircraft to track down the bears or wolves, then  landing and shooting them.   When you see the list of prohibited actions, you have to wonder why  anybody would oppose this rule. Who is advocating for the slaughtering  of wolf pups or bear cubs in their dens, shooting them from aircraft or  using snares to catch them by their necks and kill them? I think my  colleague from New Mexico had a picture of such an event. Who is  advocating for this kind of method?   This is why the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service policy makes sure that  if predator controls used, that they are based on science and not these  inhumane actions. The wildlife rule is not a case of regulating  sportsmen for traditional hunting practices, but it is making sure that  they are doing so in a humane way.   The law requires that the Alaska wildlife refuges be managed to  conserve fish and wildlife populations in their natural diversity, but  Alaska's predator control practices are not consistent with that  management requirement. They are directly opposite to conserving the  natural diversity and are instead promoting the wholesale killing of  predator species. So that is why we oppose this override of the  regulation. I hope my colleagues will turn it down.   If we want to make improvements to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  rule, we can do so by legislation, or by working to change the rule.  But by overturning this rule, you are also prohibiting the agency from  fulfilling their job of protecting the wildlife refuge.   I want to make sure that all our colleagues understand that this is  about protecting wildlife refuges in a humane way, allowing hunting  practices, but doing so in a way that preserves the species.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Yes.   