 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I thank the  Democratic and Republican leaders who introduced this resolution  condemning the violence of the security detail at the Turkish Embassy  here in the Nation's Capital.   I am not surprised at the bipartisan nature of this resolution coming  from the top of Congress about the right to protest peacefully in our  country. This was an assault, after all, not only on the protesters,  but on one of our most important American values: the right to assemble  and use the First Amendment to protest.   Mr. Speaker, we must persist because I do not recall a demonstration  like this. It was witnessed by the chief of police himself, Peter  Newsham, and he, himself, is an eyewitness who declared that these  protesters were all peaceful. There were also videos of the nonviolent  protesters being assaulted.   Now, the United States and the protesters deserve an appropriate  response from the Turkish Government. Instead, we received a farfetched  shifting of blame from Turkey. That makes it all the more important  because the shifting of the blame will lead some to believe that we are  responsible for what happened. Actually, we need to protest in the  strongest terms because it turns out that this is part of a pattern.   A similar incident occurred about a half dozen years ago at the  United Nations, same head of state, same thugs attacking peaceful  protesters.   Last year--just this past year--there was an attack on journalists  outside of The Brookings Institution.   So if we don't tell them it is time to stop when we have had the  third attack, they will persist. That is for sure.   We know who these security details are. They couldn't have gotten  into the country accompanying a head of state without telling us who  they are. Moreover, two of them were arrested, so we have their names.  I have written the Secretary of State, Mr. Tillerson, to ask him to bar  the reentry of these security personnel; to hold them if they are still  here; and to request information on whether they are entitled to  immunity, and if they are, to have this immunity waived.   We will not let the Turkish thugs who took on our protesters  unprovoked hide behind immunity. It can be waived if it is present. It  should be waived. These security personnel should be charged and  prosecuted under U.S. law. Imagine, we would have done precisely the  same if some of our security had behaved in this fashion in Turkey.   There will be no justice to the citizens exercising their First  Amendment rights who were stomped, kicked, and seriously injured until  they and our country are vindicated with an appropriate response from  the Turkish Government.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, this has been painful not only for the  protesters, it is painful for our country because Turkey is an ally. We  have our differences with Turkey, but we are dependent on Turkey for  security matters. If this had never happened before, perhaps we could  say that Turkey just doesn't understand how we operate in this country.  The fact that it was the third incident makes it particularly  bothersome.   Now, we are aware how sensitive this matter is. You cannot deal with  a foreign adversary who happens to be an ally at the same time as if he  were simply the enemy or our opponent. We have to understand the  sensibilities of operating in the international sphere. But it is clear  that Turkey doesn't understand that.   I was particularly concerned that Mr. Erdogan was in his car the  entire time. He could have gotten out of his car and called attention  to his security detail. He could have asked a staff member to do the  very same thing. Instead, he stayed in his car, got out after the  security detail from the D.C. police department had calmed things,  stood there and had nothing to say. If we let this third incident go by  with no response or accept--or even seem to accept--the Turkish  response, that will be a signal to keep it up.   So I am so pleased that my good friend on the other side and I are in  unison on this. I am particularly pleased that this was not a  resolution introduced by me or by my good friend, that this resolution  was introduced by top leaders on the Republican and the Democratic  side.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who is the Democratic whip of the House.   