 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the Congressional  Review Act measure to overturn the Department of Labor's rule that  gives States the flexibility to help small business workers save for  retirement.   Every American who has worked hard throughout their life deserves the  ability to retire, knowing that they will be financially secure. But it  is clear that we are on the verge of a retirement crisis. More and more  Americans are retiring every day without the economic security they  need, and we are beginning to see the harmful impacts of what happens  to a generation that was not afforded the opportunity to participate in  a traditional pension plan.   The AARP has estimated that 55 million Americans, including roughly  230,000 Granite Staters, do not have access to a retirement plan at  their workplace, and participation in retirement plans has dropped over  the past  [[Page S2705]]  several years. Few low- and middle-income families have retirement  accounts. For families who fall into the lowest 25 percent of household  incomes, fewer than 10 percent have retirement savings accounts. Even  among families where the primary wage earners are between the ages of  56 and 61, those who are nearing retirement, the median retirement  account balance for all families, regardless of income, was only  $17,000--far less than what those families will need to live on in  retirement. Therefore, we should be doing everything possible to  support these future retirees and to look for opportunities to help  them save now.   The Department of Labor rule that we are debating today supports  States' efforts to enter into innovative public-private partnerships  that would increase personal savings rates for employees of small  businesses. The rule makes clear that small businesses will experience  no operational burden for these plans, and workers have the opportunity  to opt out of these plans if they choose. Already we have seen five  States adopt their own plans based on this guidance, and additional  States are considering similar programs that best match the retirement  needs of their citizens. We are starting to see results. Research has  suggested that employees with access to retirement plans from their  employers are 15 times more likely to save for retirement.    Unfortunately, too many of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are pushing this Congressional Review Act measure to roll back  the progress States are making and to limit a State's ability to decide  to facilitate a critical service to their citizens. If this measure  passes today, the 12 million Americans who have already benefited from  their States entering these partnerships will see their retirement  plans impacted, and the other States considering these measures will  have to stop.   As a former Governor, I understand how decisions made here in  Congress have the ability to impact a State's ability to innovate and  grow, and it is unacceptable that Republicans would vote to limit a  State's authority to help their citizens save.   In States across this country, there is broad bipartisan support for  State-facilitated retirement plans. Recent surveys have found that 80  percent of private sector workers support State-facilitated plans to  help them save for retirement, and 80 percent of small business owners  say they support the basic concept behind these plans. The bipartisan  National Council of State Legislatures said passage of the CRA will  ``result in an unwarranted preemption of state innovation'' and will  ``restrict the ability of millions of hardworking Americans to save for  retirement.'' The AARP has written that ``a Congressional Review Act  resolution to overturn this rulemaking represents significant overreach  by the federal government.''   I find great irony in the fact that many of my Republican colleagues  are voting to limit the ability of States and localities to innovate  and craft policies--something they often say they support in other  areas.   Additionally, retirement plans sponsored by States help save taxpayer  dollars. Greater retirement security would result in fewer older  Americans falling into poverty, reducing the number of citizens who  would be forced to access social safety net programs.   This Department of Labor rule is exactly the type of commonsense,  bipartisan proposal we should all support, and I am willing to work  with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to address the  retirement needs of Granite Staters and all Americans. Undoing the  States' progress on this front by voting in favor of this measure would  limit the ability of more Americans to save for their retirement.   I will vote against this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   Thank you, Mr. President.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Toomey). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   