 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of the Norcross amendment,  and I want to thank my colleague for calling attention to this issue  and the importance of EERE.   I represent the State of Maine, and we have over 3,000 miles of tidal  coastline and millions of acres of forest. We are famous for our  natural resources and the recreational opportunities that they provide,  so it would be no surprise that these resources are providing our  residents with an abundance of renewable energy sources.   Our State's natural resources and our efforts have made us one of the  leaders in renewable energy development. From solar, to wind, to tidal,  to biomass, Maine is a leader in renewable energy.   Because our State is largely a rural one, with many diverse energy  needs in our rural and island communities, we are particularly  attentive to rising energy costs and the need to have more ways to  solve them.   This amendment today would restore funds to the EERE account, and it  will help the State of Maine, like so many other States like it that  are working hard to move our energy policy to the 21st century.   We have traditionally been in one of the most oil-dependent States in  the country, but this will help us address rising energy costs with  more tools and technologies at our disposal.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support renewable energy, and I  support this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much to my colleague from  Oregon for yielding me time.   Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to rise in support, today, of the Perry  amendment.   I thank my colleague from Oregon and my colleague from Pennsylvania  for their leadership on this important renewable energy issue.   I also want to thank the chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Simpson, whom  I am fortunate to also serve on the Interior Committee with. Mr.  Simpson has worked hard on this bill to increase some of the levels of  funding above the abysmal levels that were proposed by the  administration's budget earlier this year.   And also, to our ranking member, Ms. Kaptur, my friend from Ohio, I  thank her for her commitment to renewable energy and our energy future.   The amendment before us today would provide a modest increase in  funding to the Department of Energy's Water Power Program. It is a  bipartisan effort, and I am pleased to be part of that. It comes from  the fact that many parts of the country are seeking the real benefits  of tidal energy that generates incredible power, or of hydrokinetic  power that taps the power of flowing water.   In response to my colleague from Pennsylvania, in Maine, we think  tidal energy is very sexy.   The Department of Energy supports private sector research,  development, and implementation of hydropower, pumped storage, and  marine tidal energy. It supports cutting-edge research and makes sure  that the office supports all three types of water-based technologies.   Last year, nearly 100 teams competed in a competition for an Energy  Department-funded wave energy prize, with 20 finalists coming from 10  States, showing the breadth of interest in this work. Congress needs to  support multifaceted work at a level that will continue to allow for  innovation.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support renewable energy,  support water power, and support the Perry amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Pingree-Carbajal- Bonamici-Langevin-Lowenthal-Cicilline-Schneider-Beyer amendment, which  is widely supported.   All of the cosponsors of this amendment care passionately about the  need for ocean planning, and I commend the leadership of my colleagues  on this issue each and every year that we fight this battle for  sensible ocean policy.   We need, as a Congress, to recognize the importance of our oceans and  ocean planning. Ocean planning works, and is working already in New  England, where we have a success story of fishermen, lobstermen, Native  American Tribes, local communities, and other stakeholders developing  voluntary regional ocean plans.   I have heard from many of my constituents working in Maine's island  communities about the importance not only of ocean planning, but of  eco-based management of our oceans, a core part of moving forward to a  21st century fishery.   Our fishery is changing, and coastal communities want to be attentive  to changes in our ecosystems to resource development and other uses for  our oceans. For example, our plan in New England ensures that there is  advanced ecological data available to help decisionmakers, enhance  ocean stakeholder engagement through the collection of stakeholder- driven information, and facilitates agency coordination.   The language in today's underlying bill would make it even more  difficult for Federal agencies, State, and local communities to work  together on the future of our ocean resources.   For those of us representing coastal districts, this rider is a bad  addition to the bill, and we need to strike it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    Mr. Chairman, if my good colleague could guarantee me he  could give me the votes on the floor, I would be happy to bring a bill  like that forward to Congress.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to my colleague from California (Mr.  Lowenthal).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, with all due respect, I think there are  frequently moments when the administration overrides the opinion of the  Congress or don't always agree and the administration gets their way.  Take the decision the administration made this morning on military  policy, which was contrary to the vote we took just this week on the  appropriations process.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Carbajal).    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   