 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 390, the  Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of  2017.   In March of 2016, Congress declared in unequivocal terms that the  persecution of Christians, Yezidis, and other ethnic and religious  minorities in Iraq and Syria by ISIS constituted genocide.   This was a seminal moment in the U.S. Congress because it's only the  third time in history that Congress has declared a genocide.  Unfortunately, the conditions for the tens of thousands of survivors of  these crimes against humanity grow worse each day.   Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing the systematic extermination of  Christians and other religious and ethnic minorities at the hands of  ISIS.   And despite the fact that Congress has appropriated over $1 billion  in humanitarian aid to help these communities in Fiscal Year 2017, the  money has not reached survivors because the only organizations focused  solely on aiding survivors are religious groups, which the State  Department will not provide assistance to.   For example, the Archdiocese of Erbil is currently providing food,  housing, and medical care to more than 70,000 Christians who escaped  death at the hands of ISIS. Even though the Archdiocese of Erbil is  providing assistance to survivors at the center of this crisis, the  State Department will not distribute U.S. assistance through religious  organizations. H.R. 390 would resolve this ongoing problem.   The bill directs the Secretary of State and USAID to provide  assistance directly to entities, including faith-based entities that  are effectively providing assistance to genocide survivors or other  persecuted religious and ethnic communities on the ground in Iraq and  Syria. Importantly, the aid can only be used for humanitarian relief on  the ground, not to support the general operations of the church or  faith-based entity.   H.R. 390 also includes important provisions that will help the  international community document the crimes against humanity that have  been committed by ISIS, hold the perpetrators accountable, and ensure  we learn from the horrors we have witnessed over the last six years so  that we can one day prevent the next large-scale genocide from  occurring.   I want to thank the bill's sponsor and my partner in this ongoing  effort to help the tens of thousands of survivors of genocide in Iraq  and Syria, Congressman Chris Smith. He has been a tireless advocate on  behalf of these persecuted communities and I commend him for the work  he has done to get this bill through the House.   Thirteen months after the House and Senate took the important step to  label these crimes against humanity as genocide, my colleagues now have  the opportunity to help bring an end to the suffering.   I urge my colleague to vote ``YES'' on H.R. 390.   