 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman  from Wisconsin, and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the reality is that our economic security  is part and parcel of our national security, and so it is in line with  these values today that we introduce Amendment 334 to the National  Defense Authorization Act, which states a sense of Congress that any  appropriated increase to the combined national defense budget and the  overseas contingency operations budget are matched dollar for dollar by  nondefense discretionary spending increases.   For years now, these spending increases have occurred concurrently  and equally, keeping important parity between defense and nondefense  discretionary spending. Because genuine national security depends on  the health, vibrancy, and safety of our communities, we must ensure  that the spending parity continues and that this Democratic Party  principle carries on into fiscal year 2018.  [[Page H5725]]    Nondefense discretionary spending includes a host of funds that are  crucial to the American people, from education to research, to  veterans' healthcare, to transportation and even homeland security. NDD  funding is absolutely essential to moving our country forward.   Mr. Chairman, as vice ranking member of the Budget Committee, I echo  the comments made earlier by our ranking member, Mr. Smith, about the  dysfunction that we have, as we have yet to consider a fiscal year 2018  budget resolution, and we have only 23 legislative days before the new  fiscal year begins.   The effort to push through $696 billion in defense spending will  trigger sequestration under the Budget Control Act, and our communities  will pay the price in cuts to vital programs. This is senseless  brinksmanship, and we must reject it.   Sequestration would, further, hinder job creation and stall economic  growth by cutting $2 trillion in discretionary spending for  infrastructure that makes our communities thrive: roads, bridges,  transit, railroad systems, broadband, ports, airports, waterways,  schools, and safe, clean water systems. It will erode our investments  in education, worker training, public health, and community development  that strengthen the middle class and working families; and these  shortfalls, Mr. Chairman, will hurt the American people and our economy  and make us less secure as a nation.   Budgetary gimmicks don't make our Nation safer either, and that is  why in the People's Budget, which we introduced in the Progressive  Caucus, the overseas contingency operations budget is actually zeroed  out, as it is essentially a zero accountability slush fund used to  avoid the restrictions imposed by the Budget Control Act.   Some have pointed out that $10 billion of the $631.5 billion for the  military base budget needs is actually labeled OCO purely as a  technicality to evade the Budget Control Act caps. This is in addition  to the clearly marked $65 billion of OCO funds.   By including OCO funding one-to-one match in our amendment, we are  sending a message that we will not accept these efforts to undermine  the best interests of our country and its people.   Increasing opaque funding sources comes at the expense of our  Nation's infrastructure programs, education, and all the other things  that I mentioned earlier. So to the extent that Congress provides  relief from the post-sequestration funding levels for our military,  responsible Members of this body should be united in insisting that the  same relief would apply to domestic discretionary spending. This  amendment underscores the reality that economic security is national  security.   For these reasons, and to support the continuation of this important  principle, we urge support of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Chairman, I have to say that this is conditional  because we still don't have a budget resolution. So in the absence of a  budget resolution, the reality is we are looking at a budget that could  potentially raise $676 billion for defense, but at the expense of all  of the other programs that we have mentioned.   And the reality is that families in the armed services also care  about education, about healthcare, about roads, and about everything  else that is funded in domestic spending. So we have to make sure that  these two things are interconnected. And, yes, we have got to make sure  that the State Department is funded and that we continue to push for a  budget that keeps parity between defense and nondefense discretionary.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   