 Mr. President, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the  United States traces its roots to 1899, when veterans returning home  after the Spanish-American War joined together to support each other  and to advance the ideals of our Nation. Nearly a half century later,  on May 11, 1947, veterans returning to my hometown after World War II  joined together for the same noble causes. Today I wish to commemorate  the 70th anniversary of Lister-Knowlton VFW Post 9389 in Caribou, ME.   The name of Post 9389 signifies a fundamental purpose of the VFW: to  honor those who gave their lives for freedom. Private Evan Lister and  CPL Edward Knowlton were both born in Caribou, both served in the U.S.  Army during World War II, and both made the ultimate sacrifice when  they were each just 23 years old. Neither will ever be forgotten. Nor  will we ever forget those who returned home but who have since passed  into history. It is sobering to note that today there is just one  living charter member of the Caribou post, WWII veteran David O.  Michaud, and we honor him for his service.   In 2003, the Northern Maine Veterans Cemetery was dedicated in  Caribou. This final resting place for our heroes was the result of many  years of hard work and determined advocacy by committed citizens, with  our VFW post leading the way. My father, Donald Collins, a decorated  World War II veteran, was among those who made that enduring tribute  possible.   A defining quality of America's veterans is that they continue to  serve long after their service in uniform ends. Members of the Caribou  VFW and the auxiliary are part of a vast network that assists the  patriots serving today, fellow veterans, and their families. They  generously support a wide range of community projects, charitable  endeavors, and youth programs. One of the most important contributions  made by the VFW is its focus on educating our young people on American  values. Each year, more than 175,000 high school and middle school  students nationwide join in the VFW's Voice of Democracy and Patriot's  Pen essay competitions. That wonderful level of participation is always  matched by the quality of the submissions. Last year, at the State VFW  convention, I was delighted to congratulate the two Maine winners,  including Corrine Corbin of Caribou, sponsored by our hometown VFW.   I am proud to be a life member of the Caribou VFW Post auxiliary,  which was also chartered in 1947. Working side by side, the VFW and  auxiliary honor America and the men and women who defend us. It is a  pleasure to congratulate the Lister-Knowlton VFW Post 9389 on this  landmark anniversary.   