 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman,  and I thank the manager of this legislation. But my distinguished  friend, Mr. Davis, and I have worked on societal issues dealing across  the gamut, and the respect that he holds in the communities across  America that recognize that second chances, unemployment compensation,  summer jobs, and a whole manner of opportunities for individuals to  restore their lives is the right way for America to go.   In the backdrop of an executive order that saw one of my  constituents, a 16-year-old with proper papers coming in from Jordan,  held for 50 hours at George Bush Intercontinental Airport, in defense  of those employees that I respect, CBP, they had no information how he  got in, but they took this young man. Lo and behold, he wound up in  Chicago because he didn't speak English, and that was the only bed they  have.   Why am I mentioning this? I am mentioning this because sometimes  government gets it wrong. They get it wrong. This disapproval is wrong.   What did happen was right, because what happened was that this rule  didn't just pop up in the administration, meaning the Obama  administration. It came about through a compromise--an intelligent  compromise--dealing with middle class tax relief and job creation.  Because at that time, there were people who randomly wanted to drug  test, but wise individuals said this, they said that you could allow  drug tests if you had lost your job or you are a drug user, so we want  to get you right; therefore, you could be tested.   Some people agree to disagree, but that is reasonable. Or that the  job that you were looking for or had a job that required the kind of  criteria and the kind of skills that drug use would impair or impact,  that makes sense.   But now you are talking about someone at the lowest ebb of life,  losing jobs through no fault of their own, giving States that may be  sensitive to human needs or reckless the ability to randomly test  people because they lost their jobs, because they have been defeated.   Well, I know it is too late, but maybe we should amend for  Congresspersons, Senators, and Governors who get unelected. They lost a  job; didn't they? It doesn't make sense.   I rushed to the floor. We are in the Judiciary Committee addressing  the question of how we are going to utilize the oversight plan, whether  we want to investigate and fix for the American people this horrible  scenario of the Russian involvement in the elections and the connection  to the present administration.    We want to fix things, but what you are doing here is that you are  casting a bad light on people who are in need. I just want to say  States have the ability to administer drug testing, and this change  would needlessly shift employer costs to the States. State unemployment  programs already penalize job-related drug use.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   Twenty States also explicitly deny benefits for any job loss  connected with drug use or a failed drug test. In addition, six  States--Arizona, Arkansas, Indiana, South Carolina, Tennessee, and  Wisconsin--passed legislation equating a failed or refused  preemployment drug screen for refusing suitable work. We are already  condemning everybody. Other States have other programs. This is not one  that falls under the 10th Amendment.   But the specialist drug testing of government-benefit recipients  likely violates the Fourth Amendment, and it is cruel and inhuman  treatment.   I ask my colleagues to reject this cruel and inhuman treatment of  individuals who, through no fault of their own, are unemployed or they  may be poor or they may be needing public assistance. Let America's  humanity shine. Vote ``no'' on the bill.   