 Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.   Ms. DeGETTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Speaker, we hear today this really isn't about denying women  and families access to family planning and birth control because States  would just simply take that title X money and put it somewhere else.  Unfortunately, this seems to be a bit of magical thinking. Even the  Congressional Budget Office said that as many as 390,000 women would  lose access to care and 650,000 women would have reduced access if  legislation like this passed.   The fact of the matter is you can't simply shift all of these people  from title X family planning centers like Planned Parenthood to  community health centers, as the other side asserts. For one thing, 69  percent of the community health centers actually refer patients to  family planning providers like Planned Parenthood, and only 19 percent  of community health centers report that their largest sites both  prescribe and dispense all types of contraceptive methods. Only half of  community health centers that received title X funding provide IUDs and  other types of long-acting birth control, the most effective type of  birth control, so you can't just shift everybody else someplace else.   In fact, the National Association of Community Health Centers itself  said that they could not treat all of the patients that Planned  Parenthood now has if this legislation went through. Let's just call  this joint resolution what it is. It is an attempt to take away  important family planning resources from the women and families of  America.   Now, I think if we all support title X when the annual appropriations  bill comes up this year, I would ask my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle to please join me and my colleagues in an effort to increase  title X funding. In all the years I have been in Congress, I have seen  attempt after attempt not only to reduce abortion availability, but  also to stop family planning services. I think that is something we  could agree with on, and I think we could do that.   So in the meantime, let's make sure that the women of America can get  access to the family planning they need, and let's continue to give  family planning money to all of these interests to do that.   Again, I would like to reiterate, we have no family funding for  abortions. That is the law. I don't like the law, but that is the law.  We are talking about family planning and title X. That needs to be  preserved and enhanced. Vote ``no'' on this joint resolution.   I yield back the balance of my time.   