 I thank my colleague from Tennessee for yielding time.   Mr. Chairman, today, we take the next step in the process of  providing the American people a better way on health care. We have all  heard from constituents and families who are struggling to get by as  they suffer the consequences of the fatally flawed healthcare law.   In my home State of North Carolina, the average ObamaCare premium has  increased by a staggering 40 percent. Terry from Advance, North  Carolina, is a 70-year-old retiree, but now he is working part time  just to help pay for his wife's healthcare premiums, which jumped from  $300 a month to more than $887 a month.   On top of higher premiums, deductibles have skyrocketed, too.  Patricia from Kernersville now has a whopping $6,550 deductible, and  her premiums increased by 80 percent this year. Like so many Americans,  Patricia is paying more for less coverage.   Despite being promised, ``if you like your healthcare plan, you can  keep it,'' millions of Americans have been kicked off their plans.  Scott from Hickory has had his health insurance canceled three times  now; disrupting his continuity of care.   We have also heard from countless small-business owners who can no  longer afford coverage for their employees because of limited resources  and soaring costs. Facing similar challenges, school leaders and  college administrators have spoken out about how ObamaCare is  exacerbating tight budgets--hurting teachers, faculty members, and,  ultimately, the students they serve.   The current situation is not sustainable; so Republicans are here on  a rescue mission by providing the American people relief. It is time to  repeal President Obama's government takeover of health care. It is time  to advance patient-centered reforms that lower costs, provide more  choices, and put working families--not government bureaucrats--in  control of their health care.   I urge my colleagues to support this budget resolution because it  will move us one step closer to the patient-centered health care the  American people desperately want and need.   