 Mr. Speaker, it has been 57  days since the President abruptly and irresponsibly terminated the DACA  program.   For 57 days, students have been panicked about how much longer they  can go to school. Brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters, are terrified  that they might lose their loved ones any minute. Parents are afraid to  take their children to the hospital or to school, and breadwinners  don't know whether they will be able to continue to earn a paycheck to  support themselves and their families.   For 57 days, the Republican-controlled Congress has been silent,  doing nothing to provide certainty for 800,000 American DREAMers who  are caught up in Congressional dysfunction. Without a permanent  legislative fix, these young Americans, like Maritza from Texas, will  be at risk of detention and deportation.   Maritza works part time to help her pay for college so she can pursue  her dream career in journalism after graduation. Over months, she and  her family saved up $1,000 to pay for an attorney and the DACA program  application fee. All she needed was her school to provide her records  so she could finish her application.   But then Hurricane Harvey hit and flooded her family's home in east  Houston and shut down school for 2 weeks. While Maritza and her mother  were recovering from Harvey's devastation, they were the victims  of another disaster, but this one was created by their own government.    They watched Attorney General Jeff Sessions announce on live TV that  the Trump administration was ending DACA and cutting off new  applications for young immigrants just like her. The devastating news  crushed Maritza and her family. Now they and countless others have  waited 57 days for us to fix it.   Today we have the opportunity to uphold our values and to pass the  Dream Act so that these young Americans aren't waiting in fear any  longer.   Mr. Speaker, there is a quote directly above your chair from Daniel  Webster imploring us to do ``something worthy to be remembered.''   So how will we be remembered? Will the Republican-controlled Congress  continue to sit here and passively accept the Trump administration's  cowardly decision to eliminate protections for countless DREAMers  across the country? Or do we want to do something about it?   We have an opportunity to protect our neighbors, coworkers,  classmates, friends, constituents, and members of our military who have  done everything to try to contribute to this great country. One vote  would change the lives of nearly 800,000 Americans forever. One vote  would allow them to pursue the American Dream, to go to school, to  continue to work, to buy a house, or to start a business.   Mr. Speaker, isn't that why we were sent here? Wouldn't that be  something worthy to be remembered?   I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we  can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide certainty  for Americans like Maritza, who want to continue to work, learn, and  live in the country that they love, the only country they have ever  known. We cannot afford to wait another day.   