 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last November, I was in Maui celebrating  the 100th anniversary of Haleakala National Park. The weather at the  summit of the volcano was terrible. It was raining in sheets, with 40- mile-per-hour wind driving the rain sideways, but I was there with over  40 schoolchildren to plant Haleakala silverswords--a special,  threatened plant that only grows in the harsh climate at the summit of  Haleakala volcano. The silversword can live for almost 100 years before  it flowers, spreads its seeds into the wind, and dies.   Silverswords have dotted the landscape of Haleakala's summit for  millennia, but invasive species, human activity, and climate change  have pushed the plant to near extinction. In the early 1900s,  scientists estimated that as few as 50 plants remained on the volcano,  but this changed after Haleakala became a national park in 1916. In the  100 years since, park rangers and visitors have made a concerted effort  to protect the silverswords from feral goats and sheep and to make sure  hikers don't go off the trail and trample their shallow root systems.   After the passage of the Endangered Species Act, the silversword  became listed as a threatened species. Through the law,  conservationists have provided resources to help restore the  silversword population on Haleakala for the hundreds of thousands of  people who visit the park every year. Groups of students, including  those whom I joined on that cold November day, have planted over 1,000  silverswords to supplement the population of silverswords. They were  there to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Haleakala National  Park.   I share this story because it demonstrates many of the reasons the  Department of Interior is so important in the role it plays in  preserving our public lands.   Business is booming at our national parks. In 2015, our national  parks hosted 305 million visitors--a new record--and these visitors  generated $17 billion in economic activity in nearby communities.   Our national parks are suffering from an overwhelming deferred  maintenance backlog of $12 billion. Our national parks are also  understaffed. Because of sequestration and a variety of other factors,  10 percent fewer people work in our national parks today than 5 years  ago. This is at a time when visitors to our parks are ever growing.  This means fewer rangers and support staff dedicated to maintaining  parks like Haleakala and protecting species like the silversword. To  add to this, the administration has put a 90-day hiring freeze in place  that threatens nearly 2,000 permanent vacancies that are critical to  helping our national parks function.   We need an Interior Secretary capable of standing up to the President  to make preserving our public lands a priority. But during my meeting  with Nominee Zinke and his confirmation hearing before the Committee on  Energy and Natural Resources, on which I sit--and his record as a  Member of Congress--I did not receive the assurances and commitments I  needed to support his confirmation as Interior Secretary. Although he  expressed some support for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, or the  LWCF--an important program that funds land purchases to add to  protective areas like our national parks--he said the program could  benefit from some ``changes.'' The only change I wish to see is to  permanently reauthorize and fully fund the LWCF, which has suffered  from chronic underfunding throughout its history, and I will continue  to work with my colleagues, like Senator Maria Cantwell, who is ranking  member of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate,  to accomplish this goal.   We also need an Interior Secretary committed to preserving our public  lands, not exploiting them for fossil fuel production. Congressman  Zinke and the Trump administration are too wedded to the fossil fuel  industry and fail this test as well.   Supporting alternative and renewable energy development is an issue  people in Hawaii and, I would say, a lot of people in the rest of our  country care about.   Earlier this year, I received a letter from Michael from Pahoa, who  said that Representative Zinke ``has consistently voted for carbon  heavy energy sources. His anti-environmental record shows a leaning  that could well move exploration and extraction to areas formerly  closed to exploitation. With interests in oil pipelines, he has a  conflict of interest in moving away from fossil fuels and into  alternative and renewable resources. We have destroyed enough of the  country for the enrichment of the 1% with little to no benefit to the  rest of our citizens. He is a destroyer, not a fixer. Not someone for  the environment or the people.''  [[Page S1466]]    Congressman Zinke also does not share a commitment to protecting  endangered and threatened species like the silversword. While in the  House, Congressman Zinke voted to block funding for any listed  endangered species on which the Fish and Wildlife Service failed to  conduct a 5-year review. It didn't seem to matter to Congressman Zinke  that the reason these reviews did not take place was because  Republicans in Congress failed to appropriate the necessary funding to  conduct these reviews. Cutting funding in this way would devastate  conservation and recovery efforts for as many as 850 species across the  Nation, 137 of which are in Hawaii and 1 of which is the Haleakala  silversword.   During the confirmation process, I asked Congressman Zinke if as  Secretary he would work with Congress to ensure that the Fish and  Wildlife Service would receive sufficient funding to conduct these  reviews and recover our Nation's endangered species. He responded by  saying that he would ``work closely with Congress to ensure recovery  programs are appropriately funded.'' I don't know what he means by  ``appropriate,'' but I do have a feeling that my view of sufficient  funding, which is the question I asked him, and his answer that he  would support appropriate funding are probably very different. In fact,  I wonder if, under Secretary Zinke, there would have been the funding  necessary to help Maui students plant their 1,000 silverswords on  Haleakala's summit. This is wrong.   Congressman Zinke also does not share a commitment to combating  climate change or supporting research that will help in that effort.   Washington, DC--do you notice how warm it is? It is February. It is  60 degrees. Washington, DC, is on track to have experienced the warmest  February on record. We have a new administration stocked full of  climate deniers. As Secretary of the Interior, Congressman Zinke will  be leading the U.S. Geological Survey, the USGS, an agency that lists  climate change as one of its top mission areas.   During his confirmation process, I asked Congressman Zinke if he  would try to limit the USGS's work on climate change in any way.  Unfortunately, Congressman Zinke did not provide a definitive answer-- only saying that he would need to learn about the USGS's role in  climate change research. His answer did not reassure me that he will  allow USGS and other agencies in his Department to continue to make  climate change research a priority or to protect the right of these  scientists to pursue their research without interference. This is  particularly concerning in light of the Trump administration's ongoing  efforts to silence our Federal workers, including those within the  National Park Service, who are speaking out about the threat of climate  change.   We need a Secretary of the Interior who will protect our public  lands, make investments to conserve our endangered and threatened  species, and who will continue to confront climate change. His record  of past statements demonstrates that Congressman Zinke is not the right  person to lead the Department of Interior at this juncture, at this  critical stage. I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   