 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week Republicans in Congress came  within an inch of ripping health insurance away from 24 million people  in order to give tax breaks to rich people. That collapsed, and it  collapsed because the American people stood up and said no--no to  kicking seniors out of nursing homes, no to booting kids with rare  diseases off of their treatments, no to gutting funding for opioid  addiction.   All across this country--in every corner of this country--for months  people spoke up about how the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid are  saving their lives and saving their families from financial ruin. They  poured their hearts out, they raised their voices, and they demanded to  be heard. Last week they won.   The collapse of the Republicans' cruel scheme is a huge relief to  millions of people in this country, but I am not here to celebrate. I  am here to warn the American people about what is coming next, because  instead of listening to the American people about what they want, the  President of the United States has threatened to sabotage healthcare in  America. It isn't subtle. One hour after the Republicans admitted they  didn't have the votes in Congress to destroy the Affordable Care Act,  President Trump sat behind his desk in the Oval Office and told the  entire Nation that he wants to trigger a meltdown of our healthcare  system because he thinks that would be helpful to him politically.   Just so there is no confusion, I want to quote him word for word. He  said: ``The best thing we can do, politically speaking, is let  ObamaCare explode.''   Now let's be clear. It is deeply wrong for the President of the  United States--whose one and only job is to look out for the American  people--to root for the failure of our country's healthcare system. It  is deeply wrong for the President of the United States to announce that  he is going to drag down our entire healthcare sector--a sector that  accounts for more than one-sixth of the entire U.S. economy--just so he  can stand on top of the wreckage and waggle his fingers and say: I told  you so.   Healthcare for millions of Americans is not a game. It is not  entertainment. It is not a reality TV show. Healthcare is literally  life and death, and it touches everyone in this country from elderly  grandparents to tiny babies.   President Trump is responsible for making healthcare in this country  work. It is his job. He is President of the United States. His party  controls both Houses of Congress. A legitimate President doesn't clap  and cheer when things get worse for the American people. A legitimate  President doesn't pound his chest about sabotaging the health and  security of the American people because it is politically expedient. A  legitimate President does his job.   The President's admission that he wants our healthcare system to  collapse is a dangerous sign of where things are headed. For 7 years  Republicans in Congress have rooted against healthcare in this country,  cheering every stumble and working at every turn to hobble the law and  make it harder for people to get affordable insurance. President Trump  cannot repeal the Affordable Care Act on his own, but he can strip  healthcare from millions of Americans and make it too expensive for  millions more. He can do that all on his own. In fact, he is already  working on it.   A few days after he took office, President Trump signed an Executive  order directing his agency to use every tool at their disposal to try  to disrupt the Affordable Care Act. In January, he also pulled down  government's efforts to get more people signed up for health insurance.  Why? So fewer people would use the health exchanges, fewer would get  insurance, and premiums would go up for those who did sign up--all in  an effort to make ObamaCare fail.   Senator Patty Murray and I asked the inspector general at the  Department of Health and Human Services to investigate this reckless  move, and now an independent investigation has been launched into this  despicable incident. But the President has more tools at his disposal  to undercut the Affordable Care Act all by himself. The President can  redefine what insurance plans have to cover, stripping out critical  benefits like birth control coverage. The President can withhold  payments that insurers rely on to keep private health plans affordable.  The President can allow States to put new conditions on Medicaid,  conditions like taking away healthcare coverage if a woman doesn't get  back to work soon enough after giving birth.   If the President decides to launch an all-out effort to sabotage  American healthcare so he can manufacture a crisis to score political  points, he can hurt a lot of people.   But there is a better way. If Republicans want to work on ideas to  actually improve healthcare in America, to expand coverage, to expand  access, or to reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs, I am eager to  throw up my sleeves and go to work. For years, Massachusetts has led  the Nation in bipartisan health reform. We have lots to contribute on  this, and lots of other Democrats are ready to get to work, too.   The American people aren't stupid. They know the difference between a  bill that kicks 24 million people off of their health insurance and a  bill that actually improves care. They know the difference between a  President who fights to make health care better and a President who  plans to sabotage healthcare. They know the difference between a  fireman and an arsonist. If this President and this Congress continue  to play politics with the lives of millions of people, I promise you  that the American people will see it, they will know it, and they will  rise up once again to fight it.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   