 Madam President, I am here with my colleague from the  State of Alaska, Senator Sullivan. We have heard his comments, his very  strong support of the nomination of Joe Balash to be the Assistant  Secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals Management. As he has  indicated, he speaks as one who has great insight and knowledge, having  worked with Mr. Balash for a period of years.   As we think about those who are willing to step up and serve in this  new administration, I think it is particularly telling that when we  have personal knowledge, when we have had these relationships, when we  know intimately of a person's work ethic, of their dedication to issues  and their willingness to serve, we pay particular attention to that.   I, too, stand in strong support of Joe Balash for this position, and  I thank the Secretary of the Interior for placing his trust, placing  his confidence in Mr. Balash to serve on his team at the Department of  the Interior.   We have an individual who knows intimately the subject area to which  he has been appointed. Joe is from a community by the name of North  Pole. We are all thinking about the North Pole as we get closer to  Christmas. I suggest that just being from Alaska is enough to convince  me that he is qualified for this position, but, honestly, the breadth  and depth of his experiences and his commitment, his care, his passion,  his dedication to serving not only the people but the lands that we  hold so dear is a great tribute to Joe Balash.   I have known and worked closely with him for years now, from the time  that he was at the department of natural resources with then- Commissioner Sullivan to the time that he served as the chief of staff  for Senator Sullivan. Both of those jobs have allowed Mr. Balash to  demonstrate time and again his competence, his expertise on a wide  range of issues, particularly the stewardship of our public lands.   We had an opportunity while in the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee to listen to a little bit of his background, his upbringing,  and how he became so personally involved and intertwined with our  public lands. Then, if you think about the role he played when he was  at the State as commissioner of natural resources, he had direct  responsibility, management, and protection of 101 million acres of the  State of Alaska. This is larger than the entire State of California-- 101 million acres. He also had control of a State park system  containing 3.3 million acres of land, more than twice the size of  Delaware. He is used to dealing with large areas of land and the  complicated and complex issues that are associated with them. He  genuinely understands how we can develop our natural resources while  protecting the environment and sustaining the health of wildlife and  ecosystems.   He is able to balance, he is able to understand people, and he is  able, as he has demonstrated as a manager, to manage land--managing  energy, minerals, timber, water, and renewable energies in a State as  diverse as Alaska.   In our State--I am sure that Senator Sullivan has noted this--we have  a constitutional mandate. It is written into our State's constitution  that we manage lands for the maximum benefit of our people. That means  working with folks from all different sorts of backgrounds; you don't  get to pick and choose. We all have our opinions and many competing  points of view. Joe was able to do that and do that well.   It is not easy to navigate, but I think Joe Balash has proven time  and again that he is capable and is willing to work with everyone.  Whether they are hunters, whether they are Tribes, whether they are in  the environmental community, the conservation community, his ability to  work with folks from all sides has been proven. Now he is ready to take  this next step--to take it up a notch to the broader Federal level. I  believe that he will make an exemplary Assistant Secretary, not just  for those of us from Alaska but for our entire country.   He will oversee the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Ocean  Energy Management, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement,  and the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. He will,  largely, be the Department's point person for the management of our  Nation's working lands, those lands that are not reserved for  conservation purposes. It will be his responsibility to strengthen our  energy and our mineral security for generations to come.   There is no doubt in my mind that he is the right person to take this  on. I mentioned he is from North Pole. He was a two-time State  wrestling champion. That takes a little bit of discipline. I think he  will be well suited and will be an able partner with Secretary Zinke  but, really, an advocate for the American people.   He has proven that he has the work ethic to produce the value that  Americans need and deserve from their public lands. I know that his  management of the Department's assets--whether it is promoting  responsible energy development or ensuring access to Federal lands for  sportsmen's activities--will be carried out with a dedication to  transparency, to accountability, and to results.   On the sportsmen's side, I do understand he is an accomplished buck  hunter, and we recognize him for that.   Mr. Balash was considered by those of us----    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 more  minutes.    Mr. Balash was considered by those of us on the Energy  Committee at a hearing in early September. He was reported out 2 weeks  later with strong bipartisan support. He has done everything that  Members on both sides of the aisle have asked him to do. He has waited  patiently over the course of nearly 3 months, as we seek to confirm  him.   It was just mentioned by the ranking member that she has concerns  about his ability and the recusal process. It was made very clear in  committee with questions to Mr. Balash, as well as the follow-on with  questions for the record, about some of the issues that Senator  Cantwell has raised. I think it is important to note that Mr. Balash  pledged very clearly to consult with and follow the counsel of the  agency's ethics office. He did that in committee, in a statement. He  provided the same response in his QFRs. He said: I will consult with  the Department's designated agency ethics official regarding this  matter and fully comply with the ethics rules of the agency.   These are issues that have been asked, and they have been answered,  certainly to the satisfaction of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee and to this chairman, and to those who reported favorably on  him from the committee. We are at the point where the Senate has now  asked to confirm Mr. Balash. I wish it had come a little bit earlier,  but we are where we are.   Again, I thank the Secretary for nominating Joe Balash for this very,  very important and key role at the Department of the Interior. I thank  Joe for being willing to continue his service to our Nation. I join  Senator Sullivan, and a lot of Alaskans, in being tremendously proud of  him. I urge all Members to support Mr. Balash's nomination to be our  next Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals  Management.   I yield back all debate time and ask for the yeas and nays.   