 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Washington  and the gentleman from Texas for their leadership, making their way  through a very important action on behalf of the American people, and  that is the defense authorization. I thank them for the amendments that  were made en bloc, and I hope to speak quickly about these important  amendments.   I am very grateful. Over the years, I have consistently introduced  the triple negative breast cancer amendment because of the many women  in the United States military who benefit from the research necessary.   My amendment authorizes and encourages increased collaboration  between the DOD and the National Institutes of Health regarding  combating triple negative breast cancer.   It has a particular impact on African-American women, but it impacts  White women, Hispanic women, and others, as well. This is a serious  illness that affects between 10 to 17 percent of female breast cancer  patients and is more likely to cause death.   My amendment would help to save lives. I am delighted because this  would impact Active-Duty women, as well as veterans; but, in  particular, Active-Duty women with testing. It affects women under 50  years of age, and, therefore, women who would be in the United States  military.   I am very grateful for the acceptance of the South Sudan amendment.  My amendment directs the Department of Defense to prepare contingency  plans to assist relief organizations and delivery of humanitarian  assistance efforts in South Sudan and to engage in consultation with  South Sudan military counterparts to deescalate conflict.   Famine in South Sudan has been created by conflict. On February 20,  2017, famine was declared formally in two counties of Unity State.  100,000 people will be in jeopardy of dying from famine. It has come  about between the conflicts between the President and his former Chief  of Staff, or his former Vice President.   We need to have the engagement to save lives, and I thank the support  for this amendment.   Likewise, the North Korean ICBMs. As I was in Europe, during the  Fourth of July, my amendment, in particular, supports upholding the  goals of the 1963 Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapon Tests in the  atmosphere, in outer space, and under water; addresses the fact that  our Nation should take the next step in preparing for a nuclear North  Korea; and establishes that the stakes may be far greater.    We have all been discussing the question of North Korea and ICBMs. We  have to be studious in assessing it.   Let me also say, however, that I am disappointed that the amendment  dealing with the AUMF on North Korea did not get in. I believe it is an  important issue that we must be concerned about.   I want to continue to work with the committee on PTSD and ensuring  that, even though authorized, more funding can come. I had asked for  $2.5 million.   And then I want to indicate the importance of recognizing, in light  of the large footprint that Russia now has in its effort to undermine  the democracy in this country, that we be very concerned about  recruitment of college students by foreign agents.   I had an amendment for us to be concerned about that. I look forward  to working with the committee. I plan to introduce this as legislation  because a young man by the name of Glenn Shriver, an outstanding  college student, majoring in international relations at a college in  Michigan, while doing a study abroad in China, developed an interest in  Chinese culture, and he was sought after by the Chinese.   I also want to work with the committee on addressing the question of  elections for our soldiers.   And, finally, I want to make sure that we stop cyber attacks by  foreign entities into our elections.   But, I am asking support for my amendment on the Korea ICBMs, the  Triple-Negative Breast Cancer, and the support of helping humanitarian  aid get to South Sudan.   Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member and chairman, and I ask support  for my amendments.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman Thornberry and Ranking Member  Smith for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their  devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives  to keep our nation safe.   I especially wish to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for  including Jackson Lee Amendment No. 56 in the Chairman's En Bloc  Amendment to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for  FY2018.   This Jackson Lee Amendment authorizes and encourages increased  collaboration between the DOD and the National Institutes of Health  (NIH) to combat Triple Negative Breast Cancer.   ``Triple Negative Breast Cancer'' is a term used to describe breast  cancers whose cells do not have estrogen receptors and progesterone  receptors, and do not have an excess of the ``HER2'' protein on their  cell membrane of tumor cells.   This makes commonly used test and methods to detect breast cancer not  as effective.   This is a serious illness that effects between 10-17 percent of  female breast cancer patients and this condition is more likely to  cause death than the most common form of breast cancer.   Seventy percent of women with metastatic triple negative breast  cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed.   The Jackson Lee Amendment will help to save lives.   TNBC disproportionately impacts younger women, African American  women, Hispanic/Latina women, and women with a ``BRCA1C genetic  mutation, which is also prevalent in Jewish women.   TNBC usually affects women under 50 years of age and makes up more  than 30 percent of all breast cancer diagnoses in African American.   African American women are far more susceptible to this dangerous  subtype than white or Hispanic women.   The collaboration between the Department of Defense and NIH to combat  Triple Negative Breast Cancer can support the development of multiple  targeted therapies for this devastating disease.   A Triple negative breast cancer is a specific strain of breast cancer  for which no targeted treatment is available.   The American Cancer Society calls this particular strain of breast  cancer ``an aggressive subtype associated with lower survival rates.''  [[Page H5818]]    Triple negative breast cancer is a term used to describe breast  cancers whose cells do not have estrogen receptors and progesterone  receptors, and do not have an excess of the HER2 protein on their cell  membrane of tumor cells.   In 2011, the Centers for Disease Control predicted that year 26,840  black women would be diagnosed with TNBC.   The overall incidence rate of breast cancer is 10 percent lower in  African American women than white women.   African American women have a five year survival rate of 78 percent  after diagnosis as compared to 90 percent for white women.   The incidence rate of breast cancer among women under 45 is higher  for African American women compared to white women.   Triple Negative Breast Cancer cells account for between 13 percent  and 25 percent of all breast cancer in the United States and are  usually of a higher grade and size, are more aggressive and more likely  to metastasize, and onset at a much younger age.   Currently, 70 percent of women with metastatic triple negative breast  cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed.   African American women are 3 times more likely to develop triple- negative breast cancer than white women.   African-American women have prevalence TNBC of 26 percent versus 16  percent in non-African-Americans women.   African-American women are more likely to be diagnosed with larger  tumors and more advanced stages of breast cancer.   Currently there is no targeted treatment for TNBC exists.   Breast cancers with specific, targeted treatment methods, such as  hormone and gene based strains, have higher survival rates than the  triple negative subtype, highlighting the need for a targeted  treatment.   Because there continues to be a need for research funding for  biomarker selection, drug discovery, and clinical trial designs that  will lead to the early detection of TNBC and to the development of  multiple targeted therapies to treat this awful disease, the Jackson  Lee Amendment is essential to paving a way for advancements in these  areas.   That is why I am pleased that Jackson Lee Amendment No. 56 has been  included in the Chairman's En Bloc Amendment and I urge all Members to  join me in voting for its adoption.   I also wish to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for including  Jackson Lee Amendment No. 168 in the Chairman's En Bloc Amendment to  H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY2018.   This Jackson Lee Amendment directs the Department of Defense to  prepare contingency plans to assist relief organizations in delivery of  humanitarian assistance efforts in South Sudan and to engage in  consultation with South Sudan military counterparts to deescalate  conflict.   As a member of the South Sudan Caucus, and the sponsor of H.R. 48,  the ``Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act,'' I  have long advocated and supported emergency assistance to South Sudan,  the world's newest nation, located in the center of Africa and bordered  by six countries.   Such emergency assistance is desperately needed now to respond to the  famine in South Sudan.   On February 20, 2017 famine was declared formally in two counties of  Unity State, which is located in the northern region of South Sudan.   The United Nations currently estimates that more than 100,000 people  in two Unity State counties are directly affected by the famine.   In addition, food security experts are concerned that famine will  spread.   According to expert analyses, in the absence of urgent humanitarian  action, as many as 4.9 million South Sudanese, about 4o percent of the  country's population, face the grim and certain prospect of starvation.   In 1998 the region suffered from a famine spurred by civil war and  approximately 70,000 to several hundred thousand people died during  that famine.   Although South Sudan has previously experienced widespread food  insecurity, the present famine crisis is different because it is almost  entirely man-made.   South Sudan is rich in oil, but following decades of civil war it is  also one of the least developed regions on earth--only 15 percent of  its citizens own a mobile phone and there are very few tarmac roads in  an area larger in land mass than Spain and Portugal combined.   This makes the Nile River, which flows through regional centers, an  important transport and trade route.   Since South Sudan overwhelmingly voted to break away from Sudan in  2011, the government's main concern has been to get oil flowing  following disagreements with the regime in Khartoum.   There have been a few small armed rebellions, border clashes and  deadly cattle feuds but these have all taken place far from the capital  city of Juba.   Signs of friction within the governing party, Sudan People's  Liberation Movement (SPLM), came when President Salva Kiir, an ethnic  Dinka, the country's largest group, fired his deputy Riek Machar, who  is from the second largest tribe, the Nuer.   President Kiir believes Mr. Machar was behind a coup plot to oust him  and seize power.   Mr. Machar denies the accusations, but has publicly criticized Mr.  Kiir for failing to tackle corruption and vowed to challenge President  Kiir for leadership of the SPLM.   It is not clear what led to the breach in their relationship but what  started out as a political squabble has escalated into ethnic violence.   The loyalties of the South Sudan army are divided with each of the  principals commanding significant military support and forces loyal to  each man have clashed around the country.   And some of the most intense fighting has taken place in areas where  famine is most severe.   Compounding matters, South Sudan is awash with guns after decades of  conflict and there is a history of ethnic tension for politicians to  exploit if they believe that could help them gain, or remain in, power.   Complicating this situation is the fact that while the Government of  South Sudan has reportedly promised access to the most at-risk areas,  humanitarian organizations remain unable to provide vital food, water  and shelter in many locations.   The actions of South Sudan Government in prohibiting humanitarian  assistance from getting to starving communities has undermined the most  proactive attempts by the United States and others to address what has  now become a famine.   The Jackson Lee Amendment directs the Department of Defense to  prepare contingency plans to assist relief organizations delivering  humanitarian assistance and consult with South Sudan's military leaders  to deescalate intra-party conflict, put petty disputes aside, and to  put the well-being of the South Sudan people first.   Mr. Chair, let me conclude by observing that while bringing an end to  the civil war and humanitarian relief the famine-stricken in South  Sudan must be our first order of business, it is also very important to  note that all of us who worked to secure its independence want the  country to succeed and become a productive and constructive member of  the community of nations.   That is why I have reintroduced the ``Equal Rights and Access for the  Women of South Sudan Act'' (H.R. 48), which promotes the human rights  of women in South Sudan as the country transitions to a long-term  government and to ensure women enjoy the right to participate fully in  the political and economic life of the country.   Despite its newly won independence women in South Sudan continue to  face brutal violations of their human rights.   A lack of infrastructure as well as gender inequality has the  potential to regress much of the progress that has been made in South  Sudan.   Such a lack of human development factors only furthers the  marginalization of women in South Sudan.   The ``Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act'' puts  equal rights and access for the women of South Sudan at the forefront  by:   1. Encouraging the appointment of women to high level positions  within Republic of South Sudan Government;   2. Ensuring that a significant portion of United States development,  humanitarian, and relief assistance is channeled to local and United  States-based South Sudanese organizations, particularly South Sudanese  women's organizations;   3. Providing long-term financial assistance for primary, secondary,  higher, nontraditional, and vocational education for South Sudanese  girls, women, boys, and men;   4. Providing financial assistance to build health infrastructure and  deliver  [[Page H5819]]  high-quality comprehensive health care programs, including primary,  maternal, child, reproductive, and mental health care;   5. Requiring military training regarding the protection, rights, and  particular needs of women and emphasizing that violations of women's  rights are intolerable and should be prosecuted; and   6. Taking all necessary steps to ensure that internally displaced  South Sudanese women are directly receiving food aid, shelter, relief  supplies, and other services from United States-sponsored programs.   Mr. Chair, as a nation, we should support the Republic of South Sudan  in its efforts to become a freer, more equitable society that respects,  supports, and endorses the rights of women.   That is why I am pleased that Jackson Lee Amendment No. 168 has been  included in the Chairman's En Bloc Amendment and I urge all Members to  join me in voting for its adoption.   Mr. Chair, thank you for allowing me the opportunity to explain the  Jackson Lee Amendment No. 83, as designated by the Rule governing  debate on H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY2018.   This Jackson Lee Amendment directs the Secretary of Defense to  develop measures to defend against deployment of nuclear ICBMs by North  Korea to protect against damage or destruction of satellites critical  to U.S national defense and global communications, International Space  Station, and other vital assets.   I request the support of my colleagues for this Jackson Lee Amendment  because it: upholds the goals of the 1963 Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapon  Tests in the atmosphere, in outer space, and underwater; addresses the  fact that our nation should take the next step in preparing for a  nuclear North Korea; establishes that the stakes may be far greater  than a nuclear North Korea when they may have the capacity to launch a  device using an ICBM, because of our nation's dependence on the global  telecommunications infrastructure that includes Geo-stationary  satellites as well as its implications for Space Stations and our space  program; and may have serious consequences for a range of environmental  factors that are critical to the health and wellbeing of our planet.   On July 4th, our nation's Independence Day, the U.S. confirmed that  North Korea had achieved a major step toward its objective of  delivering a nuclear weapon as far as U.S. shores.   This test represents a new escalation of the threat that a nuclear  North Korea poses to the United States and our interest.   The launch of Hwasong-14 missile reached a range of approximately  4160 miles, a distance capable of reaching Alaska, according to  experts.   The timing of this test launch was confirmed as a calculated insult  when North Korean Leader Kim Jung-Un stated that the missile was a  ``gift to Americans for the July 4th Anniversary.''   The United States must attempt to manage this situation and retain  the peace in the region.   We understand the end to the Korean War was a Armistice Agreement  signed in 1953, that put into place a cease fire.   North Korea still views itself as being at war with the United  States.   Otto Warmbier, an American college student who died days following  his release from a North Korean prison was held as a prisoner of war.   Given the unstable nature of the North Korean government, which has  political purges in recent years that included members of North Korean  President's Kim Jongun's family we can hold little hope for cooperation  that is essential to avoid unintended conflicts and reduce tensions  with its neighbors.   A nuclear-armed North Korea does not mean that country will be able  to shoulder the burden of managing a responsible nuclear weapons  program, given their single minded pursuit of a nuclear armed ICBM.   Nuclear arms programs are not always safe or easy for the nation  attempting to develop weapons.   The United States had its share of near disasters.   For example, in 1961, a B-52 Stratofortress carrying two 4-megaton  Mark 39 nuclear bombs broke up in mid-air, dropping its nuclear payload  in the process over North Carolina.   Fortunately, neither bomb detonated averting a catastrophic nuclear  incident at our own hands.   North Korea's program poses a danger to the entire Korean Peninsula,  Japan, and the Asia Pacific region because it insists on using the  world as its nuclear testing ground.   Even if an unarmed ICBM should land in a populated area, this could  trigger a conflict.   If North Korea decides to test nuclear weapons on its ICBM rockets  this poses serious problems for peace and stability not only that  region of the world, but the United States as well.   Since the entry of the space age, America has lead and we now rely on  the fruits of our investments in manned and unmanned missions to  support a global telecommunications infrastructure; a permanent  research presence in the International Space Station; plans for going  much further.   A nuclear North Korea armed with ICBMs can put all of that in  jeopardy.   We also have interest in the environment within our atmosphere, but  also the physical environment that envelopes the earth.   One component of the earth's space environment that protects against  solar radiation is called the Van Allen Belts.   The Van Allen belts present another factor to be considered when  talking about North Korea's nuclear program.   The Van Allen belts may respond to incoming solar radiation and is  known to change size.   The primary benefit to people on earth is they protect us from solar  radiation.   Should North Korea's tests of ICBM include nuclear devices of  significant size this could pose risks to not only our satellites,  space stations, but extend to the Van Allen Belts.   This Jackson Lee amendment allows for a deliberative approach to  addressing the potential for a nuclear North Korea.   This amendment works to develop plans to develop effective  countermeasures to the threat that North Korea's nuclear program  presents.   I ask that my Colleagues join me in support of this Amendment.   