 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Securities Act of 1933, which, obviously, was put  into effect after the Depression or while it was going on, governs  current law regarding the sale and purchase of securities like stocks,  bonds, or options. The intent behind this law is to require that  investors receive necessary information about the securities and to  prevent fraud when they are sold.  [[Page H8610]]    To achieve this, the Securities and Exchange Commission currently  prohibits the sale or delivery of securities that have not been  registered with the agency, with some limited exemptions. Today, these  exceptions are usually limited to those transactions made with  sophisticated investors who understand the associated risks.   H.R. 2201 would weaken the Securities Act unnecessarily by adding an  entirely new exemption for certain issuers while removing important  disclosure requirements.   Let me say that again: while removing important disclosure  requirements, in other words, to know what you are buying.   It would leave investors vulnerable to fraud by allowing companies to  sell unregistered securities without the important guardrails that  apply to these transactions today. It is part of the majority's agenda  that prioritizes deregulation above all else.   Through the Congressional Review Act and many other bills, the  majority has been relentlessly attacking safeguards that protect  consumers--risking our health, our safety, and our finances. This is  all in order to make it easier for corporations to engage in  questionable business practices.   Who loses in the giveaway to big corporations and bad actors? The  American people do.   Mr. Speaker, I have always believed that a bad process leads to a bad  product. This week has put the majority in the history books for all  the wrong reasons.   Closed rules completely block Members from offering amendments on the  House floor, and just yesterday, with the 49th closed rule of the year,  this majority broke the record for becoming the most closed session of  Congress in history. That is a long time.   Let me repeat that. This session of the 115th Congress is the most  closed session ever. In fact, our present Speaker has not had an open  rule.   This is not some arcane matter. More than 1,300 amendments have been  blocked this year through the restrictive rules. It has prevented  action on matters that touch nearly every sector of society.    This week we saw another mass shooting in a church. Families gathered  together in a small Texas town, and a man with a gun came in and killed  26 of them and wounded 20 more. One family lost eight of its cherished  members. Those killed in that attack equal 7 percent of the small  town's entire population.   Now, this Congress could work together and actually stop these tragic  murders because this is the place where we can do that, but under the  majority, we can't even get a vote on any measure that would do  anything about it.   If you care about whether we send troops to war in Afghanistan and  Syria--if you care--then closed rules matter.   If you care about protecting whistleblowers or reducing government  spending, then closed rules matter.   If you care about whether we build the President's offensive border  wall with Mexico or strengthen ethics in the executive branch, then  closed rules matter.   If you care about protecting the nearly 800,000 young DREAMers  nationwide, then closed rules definitely matter.   The majority has used restrictive closed and structured rules to  prevent debate and votes on these and many, many other important  matters from ever happening here on the House floor.   Each of us has been elected to do our job representing our  constituents by amending legislation on this floor, but because of the  closed process, we are being prevented from doing our jobs.   Bills routinely come before the Rules Committee that haven't even  been fully considered by the relevant committees. Such a bill is before  us today.   When Speaker Ryan took the gavel 2 years ago, he said: ``Only a fully  functioning House can really, truly do the people's business.'' Well,  Mr. Speaker, we are not doing the peoples business. We are unable to do  the job we were sent here to do. We are unable to take action on the  things our constituents care about most.   It is no wonder that this Congress is the most unpopular Congress in  recent memory. It is past time that we return to regular order and  start tackling the major issues that we face.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This  bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people  who are Americans in every way, except on paper.   Democrats have tried numerous times to protect DREAMers. We voted  over and over to try and bring the Dream Act, and we have offered  amendments, only to be blocked by this record-breaking closed Congress.  There is bipartisan agreement that something must be done to help these  young people. Let's do it today.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Aguilar) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, unnecessary, partisan bills like this one take up  valuable floor time when we could be considering important legislation  to extend expired programs like Perkins loans, which help low-income  students finance their education, or to address gun violence. The  American people are frightened of an agenda that prioritizes  deregulation and corporations above all else.   Democrats have been pushing for votes on the House floor on  amendments that would actually address the  [[Page H8612]]  major problems we are facing today. That includes everything from  climate change and our military's role abroad to protecting the DACA  recipients and addressing the gun violence epidemic that is tearing  communities apart. But we have been blocked at every turn.    The majority has gone to unprecedented lengths to prevent any kind of  real debate from happening. We have proof of that because they have  used closed and structured rules to block more than 1,300 amendments so  far this year. So far, this session is the most closed session of  Congress since Congress began.   It is no wonder that just 13 percent of the public approves of  Congress under this leadership. That is according to the latest figures  from Gallup. The bill before us just continues that dangerous and  unpopular agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question, the rule,  and the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   