 Mr. President, I rise this evening to help deliver a  message from American families to my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle. The American people have sent a clear message to Washington.  The message is that they do not want us to go forward with this  partisan--and mean--healthcare repeal bill. But, incredibly, we are  today about to embark on a vote to do the exact opposite.   What is happening in Washington this week is that we are completely  ignoring the message that Wisconsinites and the hard-working American  families across this country have sent for us to hear. Haven't you been  listening?   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, have you been  listening to the calls pouring in from families in your States? Have  you been listening to the voices of parents and their children, the  schoolteachers and doctors, and the working people who are daily  struggling to get ahead? These messages have been sent to Washington.  They have been sent loudly and for too many months--in fact, for too  many months for you to possibly not have heard them. The American  people don't want to pay more for less care. They don't want the age  tax or the higher premiums this plan is offering. People with  preexisting conditions don't want to be thrown into a high-risk pool or  priced out of the coverage they have today. They don't want bare-bones  insurance that doesn't cover the essential services and lifesaving care  they may need. They don't want their loved ones who depend on Medicare  for nursing home care or their disabled children who rely on Medicaid  funding at school to have their care put at risk through caps and cuts.  The American people don't want a plan that will make things worse.   It is hard for me to believe that Washington hasn't heard this  message because I have been listening.   I have been listening to people like Jean. Jean is from Baraboo, WI.  She told me that she is scared because her Crohn's disease would cost  her a fortune if her preexisting conditions were not covered. She told  me that she needs the healthcare she has today because ``my husband  ruptured a disk in his back that prevented him from getting a job that  promised us coverage. So now he works multiple jobs.''    I have been listening to Mary from Kenosha, WI. I met with Mary  recently, and she told me about her son Kyle. Kyle, at a young age, was  diagnosed on the autism spectrum and was never expected to learn to  even speak. When Kyle was 7, medical professionals spoke with Mary and  said that Kyle might have to be removed from his home and left to be  cared for in an institution. But Mary had hope, and thanks to Medicaid,  Kyle was able to receive some very specialized medical therapy for his  autism, and he was able to remain at home. He was able to receive an  education. He was able to get his driver's license, and now Kyle is  attending college.   Mary is terrified, nonetheless, that this bill's drastic cuts to  Medicaid would rob Kyle of the care he needs to achieve the  independence that he has worked so hard for during his entire life.  Mary told me about her concern for so many other families with similar  situations.   I have been listening to Greg. Greg is from Stoddard, WI. He has no  idea how he and other older Wisconsinites will be able to afford higher  costs for healthcare. Greg's sons, both of whom have diabetes, are  already struggling with skyrocketing insulin prices.   I have been listening to the Schaumberg family in Seymour, WI. Their  daughter Zoe was born with a congenital heart defect. She had to have  open heart surgery at 5 days of age. Now, Zoe is guaranteed coverage  without being denied or charged more, but Zoe's parents are scared that  this repeal plan will make things worse. When Zoe's mom, Chelsey  Schaumberg, was told about how this plan would weaken the guaranteed  protections and care that people have today, she said  [[Page S4155]]  this in her letter to me: ``To me, it's like they're taking the  American Dream from her . . . kids in Wisconsin with preexisting  conditions . . . are counting on you to protect that right.''   This isn't right. This isn't fair. It is not who we are.   If my colleagues who have been drafting this plan behind closed doors  have not been listening to the messages of fear and anxiety from the  American people, maybe they will listen to why this proposal is very  personal to me.   When I was 9 years old, I got sick. I got really sick. I was in the  hospital for 3 months. Following getting out of the hospital, I  required significant followup care for nearly a year before I regained  my full strength and fully recovered.   But when it came to health insurance, it was like I had a scarlet  letter. My grandparents, who raised me, couldn't find a policy that  would cover me, not from any insurer and not at any price. They had to  pay for my care out of pocket, and I can tell you they made some major  sacrifices to do so, all because I was a child who had been branded  with those terrifying words ``preexisting condition.''   So what are we doing here? It is time to stop the partisan nonsense.  The people of Wisconsin did not send me to Washington to take away  people's healthcare. They sent me to fight for people like Zoe, Kyle,  and Jean. What I hear from people in Wisconsin is that they want us  working together to protect the care people have and to make it more  affordable.   We should be working together to lower costs like skyrocketing  prescription drug prices. We should be working together to strengthen  the insurance market and give people more options. But we should not be  working on partisan repeal legislation that will make things worse,  that will leave millions uninsured, that will make healthcare more  expensive, and that will price families out of the care they have  today.   It is time we listened to the messages that are being sent to  Washington. It is time we worked together across the partisan aisle to  do our jobs--the jobs the American people sent us here to do on their  behalf.   I hope the congressional majority will join me and my colleagues to  work together to strengthen healthcare and to move our country forward.   I thank the body.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   