 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to strip  funding for defense nuclear waste disposal and return this money to the  Treasury in order to reduce the deficit.   The $30 million allocated under the appropriations bill being  considered here tonight has the potential to be used to expand Yucca  Mountain so that it can be used to store defense waste, in addition to  civilian nuclear waste.   If there is one issue a majority of Nevadans agree on, it is that we  wholeheartedly oppose becoming the Nation's dumping ground for  radioactive waste.   First, for my non-Nevada friends, some history. In 1987, Congress  amended the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and targeted Yucca Mountain,  located less than 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas, as the sole site  for our Nation's geological repository. It is a fancy way of choosing  Nevada as their nuclear dump.   For over 30 years, the State of Nevada and local communities have  rejected this misguided project on safety, public health, and  environmental grounds. In fact, we have filed 218 contentions against  the Department of Energy's license application, citing safety and  environmental issues in its assessments.   Numerous scientific studies have deemed Yucca Mountain unsafe based  on the fact that it sits above an aquifer and is in a seismically  active area that just experienced a 4.1 magnitude earthquake.   Any plans involving Yucca Mountain, including the recently introduced  Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Acts, or any proposed plans to comingle  defense and civilian nuclear waste at Yucca, ignore the environmental,  safety, and security concerns of Nevadans who would be forced to store  nuclear waste that they had no role in creating.   Using Yucca Mountain as the Nation's dumping ground would require  transporting over 70,000 metric tons of radioactive waste, much of it  through my district and through the heart of Las Vegas, a city that  attracts over 43 million visitors annually and generates over $59  billion in revenue.   Not only does this project endanger those in Nevada, Mr. Chairman, it  also threatens the health and safety of millions of Americans from over  329 congressional districts across this country who live along the  proposed transportation route.   As if this wasn't bad enough, now the Nation's most egregious nuclear  waste producers and even some of my colleagues across the aisle are  suggesting that we comingle defense waste with civilian waste from  power plants, inappropriately increasing the amount of high-level  radioactive material dumped in Nevada by 37 percent. This means more  nuclear material coming to Yucca, and more waste traveling through 44  States and Washington, D.C.   There are also concerns that this will hinder the Air Force's  readiness and our country's ability to defend itself. Last week, the  Las Vegas Review-Journal ran a story featuring Heather Wilson,  Secretary of the Air Force, and her concerns with the Yucca Mountain  project.   She cited how it will directly impact Nellis Air Force Base's ability  to complete its mission to train servicemembers for war, because there  is no route across the range that would not impact testing and  training.   Her concerns, unfortunately, are not new. Since 2003, the Air Force  has consistently stated that they know of no route through the Nevada  Test and Training Range that would avoid sensitive areas or not  negatively impact readiness activities.   I understand that our country's nuclear waste must go somewhere, but  this decades-old battle has proven that Yucca is not the place. We must  stop wasting billions of taxpayer dollars by resurrecting a project  that has been dead for over 30 years, and, instead, identify viable  alternatives for the long-term repository in areas that are proven safe  and whose communities consent to storage.   Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to withdraw my amendment, with the  understanding that we will begin a serious discussion on how to  properly handle our country's waste, instead of continuing down the  path of forcing this waste on my State.   I fully understand we have to put our country's defense and civilian  waste somewhere. But for the first time, let's bring Nevadans to the  table and let's share the responsibility of facing the consequences of  nuclear production.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and withdraw my  amendment.  [[Page H6444]]     Mr. Chairman, I want to echo the sentiments of my  colleague from Nevada (Mr. Kihuen) by making one thing perfectly clear:  Nevadans are completely against becoming the Nation's nuclear dumping  ground. And make no mistake, that is exactly what this appropriations  bill does.   Without Mr. Kihuen's amendment, of which I am proud to be a  cosponsor, Congress will tie the hands of this administration by  explicitly prohibiting, even considering, closing Yucca Mountain or  conducting a technical review before licensing activities begin.   You heard that right. The underlying bill forbids any funds from  being used to conduct activities that preclude Yucca Mountain from  becoming the Nation's dumping ground for radioactive waste, no matter  the science, no matter the evidence.   And we already have the evidence that bringing America's nuclear  waste to Yucca is bad for Nevadans and bad for Americans. We know that  Yucca is unsafe for nuclear waste because it is seismically active and  sits above an aquifer. And with 70,000 metric tons of radioactive waste  through my district and through the heart of Las Vegas, those visitors  from all across the country and the world will be exposed.   