 Madam President, November is National Adoption Month.  Later this morning, I will be spending time with a family I nominated  to receive an Angels in Adoption Award this year. The Angels in  Adoption Program is designed to bring recognition to individuals and  organizations who are, in the words of the program, ``making  extraordinary contributions to adoption, permanency, and child  welfare.''   Angels in Adoption is a program in the Congressional Coalition on  Adoption Institute, and each year Members of Congress are invited to  nominate an individual or family to receive an Angels in Adoption  Award. I have been making these nominations for more than a decade now.  It has been a privilege and an inspiration to meet South Dakota  families who have opened their hearts and homes to children in need.   This year, I nominated Mike and Kim Adams, fellow residents of Sioux  Falls, SD. Mike and Kim have a tremendous heart for children. They have  five biological children, but as they learned more about the plight of  children in poverty, they were drawn to adoption.   God put the country of Ethiopia on their hearts in a particular way.  In 2008, they adopted a daughter from Ethiopia--Eva. Within a few  years, they had adopted three more children--Selena and Amanuel from  Ethiopia and Shakira from Uganda--making them a family of 11. The story  doesn't end there. Seeing the poorest of the poor in Ethiopia deeply  moved them, and in addition to adoption, they sought ways to help  communities stuck in poverty.   The needs of children were particularly close to their hearts. In  2013, Mike and Kim agreed to take over two schools in Ethiopia when the  agency running them was forced to pull out of the country. The Adams  family formed the Adams Thermal Foundation to support the schools.  Today the foundation supports more than 1,000 students in two schools  in Ethiopia. The schools' mission is to serve children most in need-- those who might otherwise miss out on the opportunity for an education.  In addition to academic instructions, schools provide other resources  in an effort to alleviate some of the effects of poverty and to make it  easier for the children to stay in school.   To name one example, at the end of last year, the foundation  completed a project to provide a permanent source of clean water to its  school in Ottoro, Ethiopia, as well as to seven local villages. In  addition to providing essential health and sanitation benefits, the new  pipeline also frees children from the hours-long task of fetching water  for their families, meaning more children can attend school.   In learning Mike and Kim's story, I was struck by how love multiplies  and expands. Mike and Kim's willingness to open their hearts has led  not only to four children finding a forever home but to hope and  opportunity for hundreds more. I feel privileged to have learned their  story and to be able to nominate them for an Angels in Adoption Award  this year.   National Adoption Month is a chance to honor all those who, like the  Adams, chose to welcome a child in need of a home. Sadly, not every  child is born into a safe and loving home. Some are born to parents who  are unable to take care of them. Some lose their parents to war,  accident, or illness, and, tragically, some are born to parents who  refuse to take care of them or actively seek to damage the great gift  in their care.   Thankfully, there are parents out there eager to receive these  children. Across our country, there are countless parents whose homes  and hearts are already prepared to welcome a child in need. They may  not yet know the names of their future sons or daughters, but they are  ready and waiting to meet them.  [[Page S6582]]    National Adoption Month is a good time to rededicate ourselves to  caring for children in need and helping them find loving families to  receive them.   In the gospel of Mark, Jesus says, ``Whoever welcomes one of these  little children in my name welcomes me.''   There are few actions more worthy of admiration than a decision to  welcome a child in need and to create for that child a secure and  loving home.   I am so grateful for all of the generous families across this country  who have opened their hearts and found sons and daughters through  adoption. I am also thankful for all of the birth mothers who have  chosen adoption for their children to give them better lives in loving  families.   I am honored to recognize the Adams family today for their embrace of  their own adopted children, as well as everything they have done to  make life better for children in Ethiopia.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).  [[Page S6596]]         