 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at  the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this motion to instruct conferees instructs the House  conferees to agree to the Senate position to replace money transferred  from out of the military construction projects under title X, section  2808.   Just to clarify, when the Senate passed its bill, we didn't know  which specific projects we were talking about. The Senate has, in its  bill, a provision to replace the full $3.6 billion that was then  expected to be transferred out of military construction and used for  border security.   Well, now we know what specific projects those are, so the only  difference in the motion and this underlying Senate provision is to  list the specific projects.   It is important to remember, Mr. Speaker, that the Senate passed its  bill replacing the full $3.6 billion by a vote of 86-8. Three  Republicans and five Democrats voted ``no'' on the whole measure, but,  overwhelmingly, they supported the bill that includes a provision to  replace this money.   Each of the projects that is listed in the motion to instruct has  been specifically authorized and appropriated by the House and the  Senate and signed into law by the President.   Now, it is true that the Secretary of Defense, Secretary Esper, has  tried to minimize the effects on our military when this transfer was  made. But it is still true, even with his efforts, that there was $544  million taken away from dependent schools, $13 million taken away from  child dependent centers, $15.3 million from medical clinics, more money  from fire stations, dining facilities, et cetera.   Despite his best efforts, our troops are affected by the transfer of  this money.   Mr. Speaker, we are really good at fighting, arguing, and pointing  fingers of blame about how this came to be, and I am sure we all have  different opinions about that. But voting ``yes'' or ``no'' on this  motion to instruct will not change that at all, will not change the  transfer, will not change any of those underlying facts.   The only thing that we have an ability to influence with this motion  to instruct is whether or not the troops have to suffer as a result of  Washington dysfunction. It will make a difference to them.   I would suggest, Mr. Speaker, that the right thing to do for national  security and, certainly, the right thing to do for our troops is for  the House to instruct our conferees to agree with the Senate provision,  the only difference being we would list the specific projects rather  than the total amount. That way, we can ensure that, as we continue to  argue about border security and a whole variety of other issues, our  troops do not suffer as a result of that argument.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers), the distinguished ranking member of the Homeland  Security Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time  other than myself to close.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Earlier, the term was used that the President had stolen, or would  steal this money. Actually, section 2808 authorizes any President, when  a national emergency is declared, to transfer military construction  funds to deal with that situation.   Now, again, we will debate about whether this was a true national  emergency, and whether he should or should not have done it here. But  the President did exactly what he has the authority to do. The only  question is, what are--who is going to suffer because of that.   As the gentleman from Alabama pointed out, no President and no Member  of Congress ought to have to choose between border security and  supporting our troops. And yet, that is, unfortunately, the situation  that, without adopting this motion to instruct, Members are put into.   The administration requested specifically, in the fiscal year 2020  budget request, that this $3.6 billion which was transferred out of  military construction be put back into military construction so that  these projects could be funded.   Now, you can have a 5-year authorization, but you have got to have  the money that year in order to actually build them. And so that is  what the Senate did in their provision. That is what this motion to  instruct would instruct the House conferees to do, with more  specificity.   Mr. Speaker, just so Members have a general idea, we are talking  about a weapons maintenance shop in Alabama, central heat and power in  the State of Alaska. Arizona has a ground transport equipment building.  California has a C-130 simulator. Colorado, a space control facility;  Florida, fire crash rescue station; Hawaii, security improvements for a  gate; Indiana, construct a small arms range; Kentucky, Fort Campbell  Middle School. Those are some of the specific projects, and I could go  on. Louisiana has NORTHCOM, various air facility improvements;  Maryland, a child development center at Joint Base Andrews; New Mexico,  an MQ-9 ops facility.   Specific projects are listed in this motion to instruct, specific  projects  [[Page H7741]]  which FY20 money would then fund, if the conferees would agree to what  the Senate has already agreed to and what the motion seeks to get the  House to endorse.   Again, Mr. Speaker, bottom line, there is a lot of argument on border  issues. There is a lot of dysfunction in Washington these days. But our  troops and their families should not suffer the consequences of those  arguments and that dysfunction.   This motion to instruct offers a path forward to at least ensure that  they have some insulation from those differences, and I urge Members to  adopt it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   