 Madam Chair, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 3, the  Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act, and I am eager to vote for  this landmark piece of legislation today.   I am proud that we are here boldly taking a stand against the  influence of special interests in Congress and a stand for the American  people, to help them afford critical lifesaving medications.   Back home in Colorado's Sixth Congressional District, when I am  hosting townhalls or roundtables with families, college students, or  seniors, I hear the same thing: Prescription drugs are too expensive,  and Congress needs to act now.   Currently, as we stand here, one in three Coloradans can't afford to  pay for their basic medications and are having to either ration their  medication or stop taking it altogether. This needs to stop now.   Thousands of Coloradans are diagnosed with cancer every year, and the  treatments for these patients cost $100,000 or more. Instead of working  to increase access and lower costs, the pharmaceutical companies are  price gouging these patients, our constituents, across the country.  This needs to stop now.   I am proud to have worked with my freshman colleague, Representative  Porter, to introduce H.R. 4663, the Freedom from Price Gouging Act,  which has been included as a provision in H.R. 3. Our provision would  hold these bad actors accountable and prevent them from raising the  cost of prescription drugs past the rate of inflation. The CBO recently  found that this measure would save American taxpayers $38 billion over  the next decade.   Importantly, H.R. 3 gives the Federal Government authority to  negotiate prices for insulin and other lifesaving drugs. As I stand  here today, 300,000 Coloradans with diabetes will save up to 75 percent  on their insulin under H.R. 3. It also caps the exorbitant amount that  seniors have to pay for drugs that simply improve the quality of their  life.   As I stand here today, hundreds of thousands of Coloradans with heart  disease, asthma, arthritis, and cancer will directly benefit from H.R.  3.   On top of the drug pricing provisions, this bill invests billions in  savings back into our healthcare system. $10 billion would go to our  Nation's community health centers, which serve over 29 million  Americans from underserved communities.   It also invests $10 billion into the NIH and $2 billion into the FDA  to promote research and drug safety. It invests another $10 billion to  respond to our Nation's opioid epidemic, which has destroyed far too  many American families.   We cannot wait any longer while our neighbors' and family members'  lives are at risk and while pharmaceutical companies continue to fill  their pockets, making tens of billions of dollars, historic profits.   Americans rightly expect us to deliver on our promise to fight and  reduce the cost of prescription drugs. That is why I will cast my vote  as a ``yes'' today to deliver relief for my constituents and the  American people.   