 Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague from  Pennsylvania for his leadership on this issue and his very clear  remarks and call to action. I am also very pleased to be here on the  floor with my friend the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Murphy, who has  been at the forefront of this battle for many years. We will not let up  until we see meaningful action here in the Senate, because we have an  epidemic of gun violence in this country.   The only question is, What are we going to do about it? We have seen  293 mass shootings in the last 9 months. We see people being killed by  gun violence in our streets and in our neighborhoods every day. All  told, 100 of our fellow Americans die from gun violence every day. It  can happen anytime, anywhere, to anybody. It can happen in  [[Page S5530]]  our schools, our movie theaters, our homes, our concerts, our bars, our  shopping centers, our streets. No one is immune or free from this  violence.   If this were an epidemic caused by a preventable disease, this  Congress would convene on an emergency basis. We would be having a  bipartisan gathering to immediately pass legislation to help discover  new cures and vaccines for whatever disease was killing 100 of our  fellow Americans every day. When it comes to gun violence, here in the  U.S. Senate, there is nothing, no action.   Inaction is complicity. It is complicity in the carnage when we know  there are commonsense measures we can take together to reduce the gun  violence. Are we going to stop every single gun death? No. But we know  that these commonsense measures can save thousands of American lives.  Yet we do nothing here in the Senate. That is despite the fact that we  have at the desk a bill that was passed by the U.S. House of  Representatives 202 days ago. I have a copy of that bill in my hand. It  is H.R. 8. If you look at it, it says: ``Read the second time'' and  ``Placed on . . . Calendar.'' For people who may be listening in, what  it means to be placed on the calendar is that it is here at the desk in  the U.S. Senate. It means we could take it up anytime. We could take it  up right now.   In fact, now I am holding what is called the Calendar of Business for  Tuesday, September 17, 2019. If you look at it--No. 29, H.R. 8--how  does it describe H.R. 8? Very simply, ``An act to require a background  check for every firearm sale.'' It is very simple. It is something  supported by over 90 percent of the American people, regardless of  party.   I have in my hand a copy of the U.S. Constitution. I want to read  article I, section 1, because it is very straightforward. It says:  ``All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress  of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of  Representatives.''   The House of Representatives has acted. As I said, H.R. 8, a bill for  universal background checks, is at the Senate desk. It is the Senate  that hasn't acted. Yet I heard the Republican leader said as recently  as today at a press event, when asked when the Senate was going to take  up gun safety legislation, when we are going to take up universal  background checks, ``Ask them,'' meaning ask the President, ask the  executive branch. I don't know when we, the U.S. Senate, contracted out  our constitutional responsibilities to the executive branch and to the  gun lobby and others when we have it in our power right here tonight to  take up a lifesaving measure.   The majority leader also said that we are in a holding pattern. What  are we holding for as more and more Americans die--100 per day--from  gun violence?   In my State of Maryland, we have been the victims, like every other  State, of people dying by guns. We had a mass shooting. It was at the  Capital Gazette newspaper. Five souls were taken. We had a school  shooting in Maryland, at Great Mills High School in Southern Maryland.  Every day, we see people in Maryland being harmed by gun violence in  our streets and neighborhoods.   Maryland has actually done something about it. As a State, we passed  some important gun measures. We closed the gun show loophole. We  require universal background checks in Maryland. We have actually  banned semiautomatic assault weapons--a law that was upheld by the  Supreme Court of the United States. We require a permit to purchase a  gun.   Someone might ask: OK, well, Maryland has passed these laws, the  State. Why do you have a gun violence problem?   If you look at the figures from the ATF, if you look at their gun- tracing statistics, you find that 54 percent of crimes committed in  Maryland with a gun come from guns from outside the State of Maryland,  from our surrounding States. Maryland is not an island; we are part of  the United States of America. Our State can pass sensible gun laws. We  can help reduce the carnage in Maryland, and we have. Until we act as a  country, until we pass universal background checks, Maryland will  continue to be vulnerable to the negligence of other States and most of  all, the negligence of the U.S. Senate, which has refused to act.   The President knows where the American people are on this issue.  After we have a mass shooting, the President always makes public  comments about how he is going to do something about it, including  addressing background checks. After the slaughters in El Paso and  Dayton, on his way to visit those grieving communities, the President  said: ``I'm looking to do background checks. I think background checks  are important.'' He went on to say: ``I think we can bring up  background checks like we never had before.''   After the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, he called  some Members of Congress to the White House, including Senator Murphy.  Senator Murphy talked about the importance of background checks. The  President told him: You know, we have a new President now, and we are  going to work together to get this done. We have a different attitude.   That is what the President always says after a terrible shooting, but  then the President gets a call from the NRA, gets a call from the gun  lobby, and you get a headline like this one, which we saw on August 20,  2019: ``NRA Gets Results . . . in One Phone Call With Trump.'' The  President knows how the country feels. The President knows the country  wants action. The President knows the country wants the Senate to act,  so he says those things publicly, but then he gets a phone call from  the gun lobby, and then he backpedals. That is where we are now, with  the Senate stalling, pretending, going through these sorts of fake  actions, pretending we are going to get there.    I hope we do get there, but what the President has said and done in  the past gives me no confidence, which is why I come back to the very  place I started, which is that this body, the U.S. Senate, has its own  responsibilities under the Constitution. The Constitution--article I-- gives the House and the Senate the lawmaking power, not the President  of the United States. We shouldn't be looking down Pennsylvania Avenue  and saying ``What is the President thinking?'' before we take action to  help save lives.   We are the U.S. Senate. We now have right in front of us at the desk,  right here, a bill that will save lives, passed by the House of  Representatives 202 days ago. It is for universal background checks.   Senator McConnell and other Senators--if they don't want to support  the position taken by 90 percent of the American people, then they can  vote no on H.R. 8. If the majority leader doesn't think the people of  Kentucky support H.R. 8, it is his prerogative to vote no. That is the  right of every Senator. What is outrageous is blocking every other  Senator in this body from exercising their right to represent their  constituents and help save lives around the country.   We support the voices of 90 percent of the American people, who want  us to take action to reduce gun violence in the United States of  America, to address this like the epidemic it is and to address it like  we would address a disease epidemic that was killing 100 of our fellow  Americans every day.   Let's stop ignoring our responsibilities. Let's stop pointing to the  other end of Pennsylvania Avenue. There is really no time to wait.  ``Thoughts and prayers'' will not end the gun violence. Senate action  and a vote on H.R. 8 can help save lives in the United States of  America. Every single day that goes by that we don't take that vote is  a day that this body is complicit in more deaths by gun violence.   I yield the floor.   