 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Republicans started out the last Congress  with one goal, and that is to make life better for American families.   After years of economic stagnation in the Obama administration, too  many families were struggling, wages were stagnant, and opportunities  were few and far between. Republicans were determined to change that.  We knew American workers and American businesses were as driven,  creative, and innovative as ever. We also knew we were facing a lot of  obstacles, including burdensome regulations and an outdated tax code  that acted as a drag on economic growth. So we took action.   We eliminated excessive regulations. We undertook historic reform of  our tax bill to put more money in Americans' pockets and get our  economy going again. The Tax Code may not be the first thing people  think of when they think about economic growth, but it is actually one  of the key factors that determine how well our economy functions. The  Tax Code can encourage growth and job creation or it can make it  difficult for businesses to even operate, much less grow and create  jobs.   Prior to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code was  not helping our economy. Large and small businesses were weighed down  by high tax rates and growth-killing tax provisions and all the  regulatory and compliance burdens that came along with it. Our outdated  international tax rules left America's global businesses at a  competitive disadvantage in the global economy. That had real  consequences for American workers.   A small business owner struggling to afford the annual tax bill for  her business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or  raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the  global marketplace, while paying substantially higher tax rates than  its foreign competitors, too often had limited funds to expand or  increase investment in the United States.   In December of 2017, after months of work, we passed a comprehensive  reform of our Nation's Tax Code. We took action to put more money in  American families' pockets immediately by cutting tax rates, doubling  the child tax credit, and nearly doubling the standard deduction. Then  we focused on improving the playing field for American workers by  improving the playing field for businesses. We lowered tax rates across  the board for owners of small- and medium-sized businesses, farms, and  ranches. We lowered our Nation's massive corporate tax rate, which up  until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed  world. We expanded business owners' ability to recover the cost of  investments they make in their businesses, which frees up cash they can  reinvest in their operations and in their workers. We brought the U.S.  international tax system into the 21st century so American businesses  are not operating at a competitive disadvantage next to their foreign  counterparts.   Now we are seeing the results. Our economy is thriving. The economy  grew at a robust 3.4 percent in the third quarter of 2018. There were  312,000 jobs created in December, and more than 2.6 million jobs have  been created since tax reform was signed into law. In 2018, we saw the  most impressive job growth in the manufacturing sector since 1997, and  2018 also saw 19 States reach record-low unemployment rates. This  month, initial jobless claims dropped below 200,000 for the first time  since 1969.   In 2018, for the first time ever, the number of job openings  outnumbered the number of job seekers. The Department of Labor reports  that for 9 straight months, there have been more job openings than  people looking for work. Think about that. There were more job openings  than people looking for work for 9 straight months. Wage growth has  accelerated, which was stagnant for so many years in the previous  administration. Wages are now currently growing at the fastest rate  since 2009. Small businesses had a record optimism in 2018, and the  list goes on.   In human terms, this means job seekers are finding it easier to find  jobs--and not just any job but jobs they actually want. Fewer families  are having to choose between repairing the car or paying for a child's  braces; more individuals are able to put money away for their  retirement; more families can afford to take that family vacation or to  put money away for their kids' college.   I am proud the work we have done is making life better for American  families. Republicans are going to continue working to expand  operations for Americans even further, and I hope our colleagues on the  Democratic side of the aisle will work with us in order to make that  happen.   I yield the floor.   