 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1595, the SAFE  Banking Act, and I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Perlmutter),  my friend, for working with me in a bipartisan way to include two  amendments that will allow legal hemp farmers and businesses in my  district to access financial services.   Kentuckians have a deep interest in the production, cultivation, and  sale of industrial hemp, and we have historic connections to this, too.  Many Americans may not know, but my predecessor in the central Kentucky  seat in Congress, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, was once a hemp  farmer. Now, thanks to the farm bill, the hemp industry in the  Commonwealth is booming once again.   Much of the resurgence of the industry occurred under the Industrial  Hemp Research Pilot Program, established by the 2014 farm bill. Since  the program's enactment in 2014, the number of approved acres in  Kentucky increased from 922 to over 50,000. In 2018, sales of hemp  products were three-and-a-half more times than the previous year.   The 2018 farm bill took it a step further and fully legalized  industrial hemp, ending 80 years of prohibition of the plant. Hemp is  now completely exempt from the Controlled Substances Act. Despite these  positive steps forward, hemp businesses still have trouble accessing  financial services like bank accounts, loans, and payment processing.   This bill will provide additional clarity for banks, insurance  companies, and card processors that they can, in fact, do business with  legally operating hemp businesses. It would also direct our Federal  financial regulators to issue joint guidance to financial institutions  on how to serve hemp and CBD businesses without legal risk.   There is amazing potential for hemp and hemp-derived products. One  hemp farmer in my district has an exclusive deal with Patagonia to  provide hemp for farming. Toyota, which has the largest manufacturing  facility in my district, is exploring the use of hemp for car  interiors. Hemp farmers in my district are cultivating hemp to produce  products ranging from nutraceuticals, dietary supplements,  pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, apparel, footwear, fashion, and even  industrial products and construction materials.   But for hemp producers and businesses to fully scale up and take  advantage of the descheduling under the farm bill, they need access to  financial services.   Again, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Perlmutter), my  friend, for working with me in a bipartisan way, and I urge support for  H.R. 1595.   