 Madam Chair, there is a reason that the Digital  Coast Act is bipartisan and bicameral: We all have a stake in  protecting our shorelines.   Our country's 95,000 miles of shoreline--not just our oceans, but our  rivers, streams, and lakes--are home to more than 42 percent of our  country's population and millions of businesses that supply most of our  gross domestic product.   Unfortunately, current coastal maps and geospatial data are woefully  inadequate, outdated, or even nonexistent.   My bill, the Digital Coast Act, which is part of this package, will  allow professionals at NOAA to begin a comprehensive mapping process of  our Nation's fragile shorelines.   Coastal communities will be able to use the data to better prepare  for storms, manage floods, restore ecosystems, and plan smarter  developments near America's coasts, harbors, ports, and shorelines.   NOAA will train decisionmakers at the local and State level on how to  use the datasets to answer questions about storm surge, erosion, and  water level trends. The data will also be available on NOAA's website  for free and easy public access, so every citizen can leverage the  expertise of the Federal Government.   Every day, planners in our hometowns are asking questions, such as,  what is the storm surge in this community, how much is the bluff going  to erode, or what are the water level trends at the marina where we  want to build a new dock?   I represent Maryland, home of the Chesapeake Bay, which provides $1  trillion to the economies of its watershed. So, protecting the shores  of the bay means protecting jobs.   The bill's Republican cosponsor, Mr.   Don Young, represents Alaska,  a State with 44,000 miles of coastline. There, they rely on their  shipping channels for goods from the lower 48 States. They need mapping  for search and rescue operations and to support the fishing industry,  which is their largest private-sector employer.   The Digital Coast Act will arm local planners and managers with the  high-tech data they need to make smart decisions and investments that  could save people's lives.   In addition to the bill's Republican cosponsor, Congressman Young, I  would like to thank Chairman Grijalva and Ranking Member Bishop for  their hard work on this package, even though I understand Ranking  Member Bishop has some issues. And I also would like to thank Senators  Tammy Baldwin and Lisa Murkowski for championing the bill in the  Senate.   I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   