 Mr. Speaker, I want to state for the record that on  December 11, 2019, I missed one roll call vote. Had I been present I  would have voted:   Yes--Rollcall Vote 671--Table Motion to Reconsider H. Res. 758.    Madam Chair, I want to thank Frank Pallone, Richard  Neal, and  Bobby Scott for all their hard work on the Elijah E.  Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   The science and innovation behind lifesaving drugs is light-years  beyond our wildest imagination.   As the medicine chest of America, New Jersey leads the way in  biopharmaceutical research, which is integral to discovering lifesaving  treatments. But with the blessing of living longer, the curse of high  costs lingers. After too many years of inaction, it falls on us to  address exploding costs in the health system.   Pharmaceutical innovation demands the best science, not the highest  prices. But if medications are not affordable for all, how can they be  lifesaving?    H.R. 3 is landmark legislation that helps us address the cost crisis  by allowing Medicare to negotiate fair prices for American families.   We talked about this in 2009. The minority rejected it then, too. We  should have done it then.   Medicare beneficiaries, our seniors, will save $150 billion in lower  premiums and out-of-pocket costs. On top of that, Medicare part D  beneficiaries will see an average discount of nearly 55 percent on  current prices of the first drugs chosen for negotiation.   Our seniors will ultimately benefit from lower premiums, cost  sharing, and a cap on their out-of-pocket expenses.   By the way, Medicare would finally, at long last, cover dental,  hearing, and vision care services to help our seniors stay healthy-- instead of bumper stickers and empty promises.   This legislation requires drug manufacturers to justify price  increases and launch prices for drugs. By making this information  public, manufacturers will be accountable.   This bill also includes a reauthorization of the Health Profession  Opportunity Grants program, or HPOG, to  [[Page H10109]]  provide education and training to low-income individuals for health  occupations that are in high demand or are experiencing labor  shortages.   