 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  rules package authorizing the House to intervene in the lawsuit against  ObamaCare, Texas v. United States. The American people sent us here to  do a job: to solve problems, to improve their lives, and to move this  country forward. However, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  seem to be more interested in playing partisan games than problem- solving.   Why do I say this? Because Democrats have already voted to pass this  exact provision last week. They have even filed three motions to  intervene in the ObamaCare lawsuit.   On the substance of the matter at hand, ObamaCare is one of the  worst, most destructive pieces of legislation to have ever passed this  House, and the facts on that are indisputable. Just ask some of my  hardworking, God-fearing farmers and ranchers and small businesses in  west Texas.   ObamaCare has ruined our healthcare system; it is crushing our  economy; and it is breaking the backs of our small businesses and our  working families.   Madam Speaker, we shouldn't spend another day nor should we spend  another dime on attempting to prop up this top-down, government- controlled healthcare system that is collapsing under its own weight.  It is unconscionable to me and the American people to continue to throw  good money after bad policy like this.   Instead of doubling down on ObamaCare and its flawed framework of  mandates, taxes, and regulations that drove healthcare costs to the  Moon, we should be working on policies together that truly reduce costs  and continue to provide access to the greatest quality of care in the  world here in the United States.   No government plan, no government program can divine these desired  outcomes. Only a healthy market with robust competition and maximum  consumer choice can achieve them.   Now, my colleagues on the other side talk a lot about protecting  Americans with preexisting conditions. I agree. My colleagues on the  Republican side agree. That is why we passed our Healthcare Reform Act  with protections for folks with preexisting conditions. That is why,  last week, Republicans voted to ensure Americans with preexisting  conditions are protected.   This is a game. We have already done it. We have already voted. We  stand firm to protect people with preexisting conditions.   But today's vote isn't about protecting people with preexisting  conditions. It is about Democrat-produced political theater. That is  what it is. It is about trying to save what is left of ObamaCare, and  it is actually in preparation for a single-payer system, for socialized  medicine, and for complete government control of our healthcare  economy.   Madam Speaker, the American people deserve real solutions to  affordable care. They deserve real solutions: markets that are free to  create any number of products and services.    Madam Speaker, I repeat: The American people deserve  real solutions to the desired outcome of affordable care, and that is  markets that are free to create any number, any variety of products and  services and people who are free to choose those products and what is  best for them and their families.   