 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor to fight for  answers--answers that are long overdue.   In 2018, my hometown newspaper, The Oregonian, identified a handful  of cases where Saudi nationals accused of serious crimes in the United  States, like manslaughter and sexual assault, fled the country and  escaped American justice.   Since then, The Oregonian has identified numerous similar cases--in  fact, almost two dozen such cases across the United States. That  includes 19 in just the last 7 years.   Today I want to tell the Senate about just one of those cases.   Three years ago, not far from my home in Southeast Portland, a young  woman had her life taken from her. Fallon Smart was then a rising  sophomore at Franklin High School, and she was aspiring to be a  teacher. By all accounts, she would have been a terrific teacher.   She was 15, and according to everybody who knew her, Fallon was warm  and smart and friendly. She had her whole life ahead of her.   According to police, she lost her life when she was crossing the  street in front of stopped traffic, and a vehicle illegally swerved  into the left-hand lane and hit her at 55 or 60 miles per hour. Her mom  was in a car half a block away and ran to her daughter. Fallon died in  her mother's arms, and the car that hit her just sped away.   A Saudi Arabian college student named Abdulrahman Sameer Noorah later  returned to the scene and was arrested. He was eventually charged with  manslaughter in Fallon's death and then released on $1 million bail.  The Saudi consulate posted his $100,000 bond, according to The  Oregonian newspaper.   In the United States, in our country, there was every expectation  that Mr. Noorah would get a fair shake from the justice system. Our  justice system was working the right way here until 2 weeks before Mr.  Noorah was scheduled to go to trial. His tracking bracelet was somehow  cut, and he disappeared. Mr. Noorah has never stood trial for Fallon  Smart's death.   Eventually, this spring, the State Department confirmed in a letter  to me that Mr. Noorah had returned to Saudi Arabia.   I felt then, and I do today, this raises an important and a serious  question: How does a foreign national charged with manslaughter, whose  passport was seized, disappear from the United States without a trace?  How does this person escape the country and make it thousands of miles  back to Saudi Arabia with there being no record of his doing so?   News reports in 2018 suggest that the Saudi Arabian Government knew  about Mr. Noorah and these other fugitives and potentially helped them  flee justice.   I have five children. I cannot imagine the grief I would feel if one  of them was taken from me, and the person responsible somehow managed  to evade the justice system. It is almost impossible to comprehend the  anger and the helplessness and the frustration any parent would feel in  a situation like this.   I met with Fallon's mom Fawn, and while she and all of Fallon's loved  ones have borne this miscarriage of justice with extraordinary grace,  they are just heartbroken.   In addition to being heartbroken, they are angry. They are outraged  by the notion that the person charged with killing their daughter may  have just been able to escape scot-free and face no consequences for  his action.   For some time, I have been demanding information from the Trump  administration. In my view, the victims of these crimes, their  families, and the American people are owed some essential answers. How  did this happen? What is the U.S. Government doing about it?   I have written the Department of Justice. I have written the State  Department. I have written the U.S. Marshals Service. I have written to  the Department of Homeland Security. As far as I can tell, I would have  gotten better answers from the Saudi royal family themselves.   In fact, when I asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo what he was  doing to try to return the Saudi fugitives to the United States,  basically what his Department did is that we just got a collective  shrug of the shoulders. I sent the Secretary of State a letter last  December. He didn't respond.   So I sent another letter in February. I said: The State Department  needs to use all its resources and all the tools at its disposal to  hold the Saudi Government accountable. I asked whether our Ambassador  pressed the Saudi Government about this disturbing, shocking pattern of  Saudi nationals skipping bail.   The State Department finally did respond to my second letter. What I  got was a whole bunch of nothing. One of Mr. Pompeo's aides said that  without an extradition treaty, there wasn't anything they could do  about it. This is from a Secretary who tried to rebrand State as the  ``Department of Swagger.'' That swagger was nowhere to be found when it  was time to protect innocent Americans.   Today, I am not writing any more letters. I am here on the Senate  floor asking for action--action today. I am  [[Page S5885]]  seeking to pass the Saudi Fugitive Declassification Act of 2019. My  bill requires the FBI Director, in coordination with the Director of  National Intelligence, to quickly--quickly--declassify any and all  information related to a key question: whether the Government of Saudi  Arabia helped any Saudi nationals escape the country when those Saudi  nationals were awaiting trial or sentencing for a criminal offense.   Let me just repeat that so there is no confusion. The bill requires  that the FBI Director and what is called the DNI, or the Director of  National Intelligence, would quickly--quickly--declassify any and all  information on the issue of whether the Government of Saudi Arabia  helped any Saudi nationals escape the country when those Saudi  nationals were awaiting trial or sentencing for a criminal offense in  the United States.   I believe what I am asking for today must happen in the name of  justice immediately. The American people deserve answers. The people I  represent at home in our neighborhoods in Southeast Portland want  answers. These are not academic matters. This is not about a series of  victimless crimes.   This is about manslaughter. It is about rape. It is about a whole  array of ugly offenses. This is about real people, real families-- families who have suffered immeasurable pain. They deserve to see  justice served. When individuals who are charged with violent crimes-- no victimless crimes here, violent crimes--manage to escape and when  the United States fails to do much of anything about it, it undermines  public safety and it harms the U.S. justice system.   If, as some of the press stories have suggested, the Saudi Government  has helped these alleged criminals escape justice, the American people  have the right to be doubly concerned. Is the public image of Saudi  Arabia a higher priority than the safety of American citizens?   Any action by a foreign government to thwart our criminal justice  system would be an attack on our national security and our sovereignty.  If that is what has happened, then, all Americans deserve to know.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the U.S. Senate proceed  to the immediate consideration of S. 2635, submitted earlier today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, parliamentary inquiry.   With that action, has this bill now been passed?    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   