 Mr. President, over the Easter recess, Senator Romney and  I had the privilege to visit our troops and our diplomats in Iraq. They  are serving us well, and they are putting their lives on the line as we  partner with the Iraqis to make sure that ISIS does not reconstitute  itself in Iraq or in Syria. We have taken their territory away from  them, but there are still over 20,000 or so ISIS fighters and loyalists  in and around the region.   Once again, our trip proved to both of us that our soldiers and our  diplomats are the best in the world. We are so lucky to have them be so  willing to stand on guard for us all over the world. It may be the most  important assignment today in Iraq as we continue to battle the  scattered remnants of ISIS.   I don't want a President who takes the unquestioning advice of his  military leaders. I want a President who is willing to push back. But  nobody knows how to defeat ISIS better than the U.S. military. They  effectively have done it twice. They beat al-Qaida in Iraq, and then  they came back again with many partners to take territory away from  ISIS. Nobody takes more seriously the threat of ISIS's reemergence or  the threat of an expansionist Iran than the U.S. military. But I am  here today to talk about our President's refusal, over and over again,  to listen to the advice that he is being given by his generals and by  his advisers at the Department of Defense. Instead, he is listening to  the Iraq hawks inside the White House who think about this problem  through the air-conditioned safety of their West Wing offices with  little regard to how things actually work in the real world on the  ground of the Middle East.   I want to talk about our two main objectives today in Iraq and in  Iran, and I want to frame this in the context of today's disastrous  news that the Iranians are restarting elements of their nuclear weapons  program.   First, let's talk about a bipartisan commitment that we share, and  that is the commitment to stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. In  and of itself, it would be a world disaster. It would present an  immediate existential threat to our partners in Israel, and it would  result in an arms race throughout the region that would be exacerbated  by the fact that in the last 2 years, the Trump administration has made  the decision to engage in a new nuclear partnership with the Saudis,  which puts the Saudis on a quicker path to obtaining a nuclear weapon  in case that arms race sets off.   What the Trump administration has done is to goad Iran into  restarting their nuclear weapons program. They announced last night  that they are pulling out of their side of the Iran nuclear agreement  and that they are going to start to, once again, take steps that could  lead them to a quick breakout to a nuclear weapon.   Those who opposed the agreement that President Obama signed did so,  in part, because they said that it could allow Iran to restart its  nuclear weapons program in 10 to 13 years and that 10 to 13 years  wasn't enough security to sign on to that agreement. Well, President  Trump has now managed to press the Iranians into restarting their  nuclear weapons program in 4 years. We didn't get 10 years; we didn't  get 13 years; we got 4 years, and Iran is back on a potential path to a  nuclear weapon.   The President will say that he is imposing crippling new sanctions on  Iran, such that they will come back to the negotiating table. But let's  be honest.  [[Page S2721]]  There is not a plausible path for that to happen in the next year and a  half of the President's term. It took President Obama two terms to  engage in multilateral sanctions to get the Iranians to the negotiating  table. There are no credible analysts of Iranian behavior or of  politics in the Middle East that will tell you that the Iranians are  going to come back to the negotiating table in the next 12 months, in  part, because the balance of powers has totally flipped.   Under the Obama administration, it was the United States, Europe,  China, and Russia on one side and the Iranians on the other side.  President Trump has managed to flip that alignment, such that it is now  the Iranians, the Europeans, the Chinese, and the Russians on one side  and the United States isolated on the other. If you don't believe me,  just take a look at the statements that many of those parties sent out  in response to Iran's decision last night, effectively aligning  themselves with the Iranians' decision to restart their nuclear program  instead of aligning themselves, as they had for years, with the U.S.  position of strict nonproliferation.   It is a disaster for the United States that Iran has restarted its  nuclear weapons program. It is a massive failure of President Trump's  strategy, but it is only one element of a meandering Iranian strategy  that is accruing to the national security detriment of the United  States.   Let's talk about our second primary objective in this region. I  referenced it at the outset. It is to prevent the reemergence and  reconstitution of ISIS inside Iraq and Syria. We have bad news to  report there as well.   The Trump administration took another step that had been counseled  against by his generals and by his military leaders, and that is the  designation of the IRGC--an element of the Iranian military--as a  terrorist group. Now, nobody could come to this floor and defend the  actions of Iran or the IRGC. They have absolutely supported terrorism  in the region for years. They supported Shia militias inside Iraq that  were shooting at and killing American troops. Yet, notwithstanding that  activity, our military leaders and our diplomats inside Iraq cautioned  the administration against making this designation because weighing the  costs of it against the benefits to our military leaders was a clear  case.   The costs are this: By telling these militias inside Iran that they  have to make a choice today between the United States and this newly  designated terrorist group, the Iranian militias make the choice  easily. They align themselves with Iran, their neighbor, not the United  States. The effect of our decision is to push more of these militia  groups closer to the Iranians.   Second, we no longer can talk diplomatically to the groups that have  associations with the IRGC, and that is a lot of these militia groups.  That means that the United States effectively takes itself out of the  game diplomatically. We no longer have the ability to engage in  political reconciliation in the country like we used to.   All of this presses the case of ISIS, as they are able to make the  case that Baghdad is more and more leaning toward Shia interests and  Iranian interests. As the United States isn't there in order to press  the reconciliation case, ISIS has an opportunity to reemerge. All of  this also accrues to the benefit of those interested in Iraq who want  the U.S. military out.   Just months ago there was an effort to push a bill through Parliament  to expel the United States and our continued hard line on Iran. As much  as it may make sense to the air-conditioned offices of the White House  to allow those interests in Iraq to, potentially, successfully litigate  the case to push the U.S. military out of that country, it would, once  again, open the gates to ISIS.   As far as I can tell, the administration's policy is to set in motion  a series of escalatory actions with respect to Iran that has no end  game with no logical conclusion. There isn't a diplomatic process at  the end of this rainbow. The President has a year and a half left in  his term. There isn't enough time, and there is no willingness in Iran  and no partners on our side, as I have mentioned.   So what is the other alternative--military action? An invasion of  Iran would be an unmitigated national security disaster. It would make  the mistake of invading Iraq look positively benign, in retrospect.  There is no appetite in America for such an endeavor, and there is no  way the votes exist in Congress to authorize such an action.   The risk, of course, is that we fall into war by accident or through  a series of events that appear as an accident. When you commit yourself  to such an unplanned and unscripted series of military and diplomatic  escalations, as the Trump administration has, and you have no working  channel of communication to settle misunderstandings, then accidents  can easily happen. Shots can be fired; lives can be lost, and then our  options suddenly narrow. That is the real risk of the path we are on  today. What scares the heck out of me is that it is a path that is  seemingly being made up day by day, and it is a path that is opposed by  our military and that is laid out without any meaningful input from our  diplomats who are on the ground in the region. That is a potential  recipe for disaster.   It shouldn't matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, a  liberal or a conservative because messing around in the Middle East, in  countries like Iran and Iraq, with no strategy and no clear set of  goals should send chills down every Senator's spine.   I yield the floor.   