 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman McGovern for his  leadership in finally bringing up for a vote this resolution on Yemen  and for the terrific people on his team, Don Sisson; on Speaker  Pelosi's team, Keith Stern, and Shuwanza Goff; and on Majority Leader  Hoyer's team, who finally allowed for a vote, with the work of Keane  Bhatt and Geo Saba.   Let me explain why this matters. As the chairman alluded to, there  are 14 million people in Yemen who currently face the possibility of  famine--14 million.   I was with Martin Griffiths, the Special Envoy to the United Nations,  about 2 weeks ago, and he said, if we do not act in the next couple of  months, that situation will become irreversible.   The explanation for this famine is pretty simple. The gentleman from  Texas said we need to get more aid in there. I respect that, sir, but  the problem is that the Saudis have a blockade on Yemen; they are not  allowing the aid to get in. Every day we wait, it makes it harder for  us to reverse the famine.   So the solution is very simple: We need to have the Saudis lift the  blockade and let food and medicine get to the people who need it to  prevent the largest humanitarian crisis and the largest famine the  world has ever seen.   Now, the gentleman from Texas said that the administration has  already stopped the refueling, and in that, he is actually correct. The  administration has stopped the refueling. But the reason they stopped  the refueling is precisely because Congress acted, because the Senate  passed the War Powers Resolution.   All we are asking to happen now is to codify that policy so that the  refueling doesn't begin again. That is why this shouldn't be a partisan  issue. The President should want to sign this War Powers Resolution.   The gentleman from Texas said, well, what difference will it make if  we have already stopped? The difference this will make is sending a  clear, unambiguous message to the Saudis that they can no longer  continue a policy of intentional cruelty, of trying to have a nation,  through starvation, submit to their will. That is why this is a  bipartisan issue. If we pass this, then that message will be heard by  the Saudis, and that is why we had bipartisan support in the Senate and  in the House for this resolution.   The gentleman from Texas said, well, this is going to hurt our  relationships with Israel or other allies. That is just false. That is  just false.   The amendment, the Buck amendment, that was in our resolution, or the  amendment that is in the Senate resolution, makes it clear that we  still can have intelligence sharing with any ally and does not touch  any of our treaties.   People often say why am I so passionate that, of all the issues, I  decided to take up Yemen in my first term. I will tell you why.   In 1943, there was a famine in West Bengal; 3 million people  perished. My grandfather was in jail in 1943 in India when that famine  took place. And there was indifference--indifference--by the British  Government. They let 3 million people die.   As the United States, we should not allow for another famine, and we  should do everything in our power, as a House, to stop it.   