 Mr. President, our friends on the other side of the  aisle--the Republicans--are misreading the moment. The planet is in an  emergency situation, and instead of coming to the table with ideas on  how to fix it, they are running the same play they always run; that is,  that they take a popular idea--investing in clean energy, maybe making  college more affordable, making the Tax Code more fair--and they try to  characterize it as a liberal project so people put on their partisan  uniforms.   Our ideas are popular, and what they have done recently is, they have  taken a batch of our ideas and have said: Socialism. You are going to  turn into Venezuela if you do all of these things. I know you think you  want affordable college. I know you think you want climate action. I  know you think you want to not get ripped off by the Tax Code, but that  will cause you to be Venezuela.   This is the play they run every time, and they run it with cover from  the Wall Street Journal's editorial board and FOX News to try to trick  the American people into opposing ideas they actually like.   That is what is happening with this nonbinding resolution that 12  Senators have cosponsored. Republicans are trying to take frequently  asked questions--a document that was posted on the website of a new  Member of Congress, and then subsequently taken down and disavowed, and  make you believe this is what Democrats want to do when it comes to  climate action. They want you to believe we want to take away ice cream  and aviation and everything that is good in the world because they know  their position on climate change is absolutely untenable.   Over the last couple of days, I read some what we call very serious  people in Washington, DC, sort of marveling at Leader McConnell's  trolling exercise. This is supposed to be the world's greatest  deliberative body. It is not Twitter. This is supposed to be where we  solve the greatest problems facing the United States. This is not where  we troll each other. This is where we are supposed to have the great  debates.   Senate Democrats have done all sorts of work on climate: the ITC and  the PTC for solar and wind, conservation and efficiency, carbon  pricing, fighting deforestation. So Republicans do not have the high  ground here. They are trying to make this a partisan exercise, where  you have several news organizations churning because they don't want to  deal with climate change.   If the Senate Republican leadership wants to bring up anything about  climate, I echo the words of Senator Schumer and Senator Whitehouse: We  have never been more fired up. We are going to take this opportunity to  have a real debate about climate because Republicans do not have a plan  to address climate change. That is not a rhetorical flourish. That is  not an accusation. That is just an observation. They don't have a plan  to stop climate pollution. They do not agree with 99 percent of the  scientific community saying not just that this problem exists but that  Congress must act.   If you look at the last session of Congress, it is actually worse  than that. I want to put this in context. The last session of Congress  spanned two of the worst years of weather in U.S. history.   In 2017, there were about 10 million acres that were burned by  wildfires. There were Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. In 2018, we  had the costliest and deadliest wildfires California had ever seen. In  these two record-setting years, climate change cost the economy and the  taxpayers billions of dollars. Communities all across the country  struggled to rebuild and recover. People lost their lives, their homes,  and their livelihoods.   In these 2 years, the number of pieces of legislation that  Republicans put forward to address climate change--even if I thought  they were inadequate, even if I thought they were the wrong approach,  even if I thought they were half measures or too private sector- oriented, whatever the criticism might have been, I can't even make  criticisms of their climate policy. They have no climate policy other  than to make things worse.   They have allowed coal companies to leak dirty water and waste into  streams without having to clean it up. They voted to make it easier for  oil and mining companies to pay foreign governments. They allowed the  President to start the process of pulling out of the Paris accords.  They allowed him to begin the process of rolling back your fuel  efficiency standards, to repeal the Clean Power Plan, to prop up coal-- even though it makes no economic sense in a lot of instances anymore-- and they put climate deniers in top science positions in the  government.   They put Secretary Zinke in charge of the Department of the Interior,  and the first thing he did was to open up lands for oil and gas leases.  They put Scott Pruitt in charge of the EPA, and when he finally proved  to be a political liability--not for his climate policy but because of  his personal habits--they replaced him with someone with the same  policies, Andrew Wheeler, who is literally a coal lobbyist.   If you wrote all of this into a screenplay, people would say: That is  a little too on the nose. That is a little too obvious. This is  ridiculous. This is not actually how Washington works. They wouldn't  put a coal lobbyist in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency,  would they? They did. They did.   It is not just that Republicans don't have a plan to make things  better, it is that the Democratic approach is to treat this like the  emergency it is and invest in clean air, clean water, and smarter  infrastructure, and the Republican approach is to put polluters in  charge to actively, aggressively, and proudly make climate change  worse.   I have seen the right approach work in Hawaii. For decades, since the  demise of the sugar plantation, we relied on imports of fossil fuels  for our energy needs. As recently as 2010, we got more than 90 percent  of our electricity from burning oil, which is the dumbest way to do  things. It is very expensive and very dirty. Less than a decade later,  we are well on our way to 100 percent clean energy.   We have addressed the legitimate concerns, we ignored trolls, and we  moved forward together. We have quintupled clean energy, lowered  electricity rates, and created tons of jobs. Clean energy is the future  for Hawaii, and it is the future for the United States. This can be  done. Do not be afraid.   If Republicans think the Democratic ideas are no good, fine; then  offer a different plan. They are the only major political party in the  developed world that doesn't even believe climate change is a problem.  There is no other issue where the majority party denies that the  problem exists at all, not cyber security, not healthcare, not even  income inequality. This is not tenable.   Whenever a Senate Democrat or a group of Senate Democrats come to the  floor to talk about climate change, we usually have a good little group  over here, and always--always--in my 7 years in the U.S. Senate, there  is always an empty Chamber on the Republican side--empty. The only  Republican I am ever talking to is someone who is maybe waiting to give  a speech about  [[Page S1344]]  something else or the Presiding Officer. That is because Republicans in  the Senate have no plan at all as it relates to climate change.   We have trillions of dollars in infrastructure that needs to be  addressed over the next couple of decades. We could make those  investments in ways that also address climate. We could offer tax  breaks for clean energy. We should reenter the Paris accord, but they  are pulling the same play they always do, to make this so partisan, to  mock the issue itself so they can continue to do nothing. They are  whistling past the graveyard.   I yield the floor.   