 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 583, the  Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement (PIRATE) Act,  introduced by Reps. Paul Tonko and Gus Bilirakis. I want to thank Rep.  Chris Collins of New York and former Rep. Leonard Lance of New Jersey  for leading on this last Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I've been around radio for most of my life. From working  as a teenage janitor at my dad's radio station to spending more than 20  years as a radio station owner myself; in fact, I'm still a licensed  amateur radio operator today. But you don't need that much experience  to understand that protecting our public airwaves from illegal pirate  radio interference is important for consumers and broadcasters alike.  [[Page H2052]]    The PIRATE Act gives the FCC additional tools to address the growing  pirate radio problem and increases the penalties for bad actors. These  illegal broadcasts deprive Americans of important programming provided  by legitimate broadcast license-holders serving the public interest.  And they can disrupt important public safety communications, including  our nation's Emergency Alert System and critical aviation frequencies.  In many cases, these pirate radio stations broadcast vile and vulgar  content, which also harms consumers. By preventing illegal pirate radio  operations, consumers are protected, and airwaves are kept free for  legitimate broadcasts and public safety announcements.   Last Congress, this House passed the PIRATE Act by voice vote. I'd  like to thank our former colleague Leonard Lance, who first authored  this legislation last Congress, and my colleagues Mr. Tonko and Mr.  Bilirakis for bringing this important bill to strengthen our public  safety communications back to the House floor today. I urge its quick  passage.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 501, the Poison  Center Network Enhancement Act.   This important bill, introduced by Reps. Eliot Engel, Susan Brooks,  Jaime Herrera Beutler, and Diana DeGette, reauthorizes the national  network of Poison Control Centers.   The nation's network of poison control centers offers free,  confidential, and expert medical advice and often serves as the primary  resource for poisoning information. These centers help reduce Emergency  Room visits through in-home treatment and their lifesaving assistance  helps prevent unnecessary poisoning deaths and injuries.   Poison control centers are also essential to combating the opioid  crisis because not only are these centers often the first resource  people seek after an opioid overdose occurs, but they also collect real  time data to alert impacted communities about opioid abuse and misuse.   Last Congress, Rep. Brooks led similar legislation, which passed this  House by voice vote and was then included in the House-passed version  of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, our broad legislative  package to combat the opioid crisis. Unfortunately, after negotiations  with the Senate, this language was not included in the final package  that was signed into law.   Therefore, I'd like to commend Rep. Engel and Rep. Brooks for their  continued leadership on this bipartisan legislation in helping to bring  this bill to the floor today, and I urge passage.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 525, the  Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act.   This bipartisan bill--which I introduced with Chairman Frank Pallone,  and which is supported by Ways and Means Chairman Richard Neal and  Republican Leader Kevin Brady--is a commonsense, bipartisan bill to  improve the integrity of our nation's health care system.   The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) currently  operates the Health Care Fraud Prevention Partnership--a voluntary  collaboration between the federal government, state agencies, law  enforcement, private health insurance plans, and anti-fraud  associations. Together, this group works to detect and prevent fraud  that threatens to undermine our nation's health care system. This  program was created by the Obama Administration, and the Trump  Administration has recommended codifying it into law. The bill before  us today does just that.   Mr. Speaker, last Congress, the House passed this legislation by  voice vote but unfortunately, we were unable to get this bill through  the Senate and to the President's desk before the end of the Congress.   In fact, the House Energy and Commerce Committee had 148 bills pass  the House last Congress, and 93 percent of them received bipartisan  votes. I'd like to thank Chairman Pallone for continuing in that  bipartisan spirit by helping to bring this bill back to the floor  today.   I urge passage of H.R. 525.   