 Mr. President, I love the month of August, and I think I  have always loved the month of August going back to the time when I was  a kid because, obviously, growing up in South Dakota, August is a great  month of the year. It is hot. There are a lot of activities. Of course,  it is the month before or, in some cases, it is the month of returning  to school, but it is a time in which there are lots of things going on  in my home State of South Dakota, and especially since becoming a  Member of Congress, I really love August.   I head back home to South Dakota almost every weekend to meet with  South Dakotans, but August is wonderful and different for two reasons.  One reason is, August gives us an extended work period, a time when we  get a chance to visit the farthest corners of our State, places that  might be hard to visit on just a weekend--places such as Bison,  Milbank, Clear Lake, Huron, and Mobridge. I get to talk to people who  make their living in production agriculture in some of the most rural  parts of South Dakota. There is nothing more valuable than getting to  talk to these South Dakotans firsthand and to hear the challenges they  face and what we can do here in Washington to help out--not to mention  how wonderful it is to spend time in these beautiful parts of our  State. If you haven't taken in the rugged beauty of the Badlands or the  rivers and prairies of Central South Dakota, then you are missing out.   The other thing I like about heading back to South Dakota in August  is  [[Page S5215]]  that it is fair season--the Sioux Empire Fair, the Turner County Fair,  the Brown County Fair, Central States Fair, Yankton Riverboat Days, and  powwows in Tribal communities around the State. The list literally goes  on. You would be hard-pressed to find better events, better people, or  better food. I often joke that in the month of August, I am basically  eating my way across South Dakota: ice cream at the fair in Parker,  pork sandwiches with the pork producers, milkshakes at Dakotafest,  cheese curds at the State fair, and I can go on.   I vividly remember the year I had a Tubby Burger plus a big fries,  plus to go with it a malt at the Brown County Fair, and got up early  the next morning to run the 5K at Riverboat Days in Yankton. Needless  to say, it was not my best run time, but it was worth it for the Tubby  Burger.   There is really nothing better than a South Dakota road trip. Our  State has so much to offer, an incredible range of scenery, from  rolling prairies to the heights of Black Elk Peak, and hundreds of  miles of wide-open country. There is nothing better than a summer  afternoon driving down a South Dakota highway. You feel like you can  see, literally, forever.   We have an incredible number of outdoor opportunities, from fishing  and hunting to hiking, biking, rock climbing, water sports. You name  it; in South Dakota, we have it.   South Dakota is an affordable place for families to visit as well.  You are not going to break the bank on meals or lodging. Of course, we  have unforgettable road trip stops like the Corn Palace in Mitchell or  Wall Drug. Make sure, if you get to Wall Drug, that you grab a homemade  doughnut or a glass of free ice water and take a picture on Instagram  with the giant jackalope outside.   As for South Dakotans, well, they are the nicest people you are ever  going to meet. A South Dakota road trip is worth it for the people  alone. In addition to the wonderful memories I made traveling across  the State as an adult, I cherish my memories of the trips to the Black  Hills as a child with my parents and siblings. We used to go out there  for Labor Day, stay in this little non-air-conditioned cabin, and enjoy  the outdoors. We would hike and visit the caves, go to Mount Rushmore,  or visit the lake.   I still love visiting Sylvan Lake in the Black Hills. I loved being  there with my parents and siblings, and I love taking my daughters  there on trips like the ones I took growing up. Nobody who visits South  Dakota should miss the Black Hills. I am not sure there is a more  beautiful place on Earth--the interplay of light, shadow on the trees  and rocks late on a summer afternoon, the endless South Dakota sky  reflected in the clear blue of Sylvan Lake. People in Washington, DC,  don't know what the Milky Way looks like on a clear night in the Black  Hills or on the prairies of South Dakota. It is as if the sky had been  carpeted with millions of diamonds.   I am lucky to be a son of South Dakota. I am looking forward to  getting out of Washington, DC, this week and heading back to my home  State of South Dakota for some of the best weeks of the year.   Brown County, if you are listening to this, please save me a Tubby  Burger.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea.''   