 Mr. President, I thank Senator Stabenow. She is exactly  right. A couple of times, she used the term ``blank check.'' When  people join the Army, people become marines, people go off to a service  academy, and people enlist in the National Guard, essentially they sign  a blank check cashed by all of us who care so much about protecting our  country.   Senator Stabenow has been, with Senator Tester, one of the real  leaders on this. You know, it used to be, many years ago, when it  became clearer that veteran after veteran after veteran--young veterans  in those days, 20 years ago, not that far removed from Vietnam--were  coming down with these illnesses, Congress decided bipartisanly, almost  unanimously, that rather than make every single veteran, every soldier,  every marine, and every sailor prove to the government, prove to the VA  that they should be eligible for healthcare coverage based on the  illness they got because of Agent Orange--Congress decided that we  shouldn't make every single person go through proving this--through  that process. So what did we do? We made a list of illnesses that  typically come from exposure to Agent Orange, and any veteran who was  sick from one of these illnesses, no questions asked, got healthcare.  That is what we did. That was then.   Today, in this time when I hear my colleagues who sit over here--I  don't want to make this partisan, but it has become that because it is  President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Senator McConnell who say no  to this. We have the Secretary of the VA, appointed by the President of  the United States, President Trump--the Secretary of the VA came up  with these four additional illnesses around which there is scientific  consensus saying that these illnesses are caused by Agent Orange, and  individual veterans shouldn't have to, one at a time, prove that they  got sick, that they got this kind of Parkinson's or they had bladder  cancer based on Agent Orange. We ought to just accept that. That is how  we serve those who served us.    But do you know what Senator McConnell does? You know, his office is  down the hall, as my colleagues know. Senator McConnell apparently says  that we should do tax cuts for rich people, but we can't afford to  spend a few billion dollars. It is a lot of money, but these are our  people, and these are people who served in Southeast Asia mostly in the  1960s and 1970s.   Senator McConnell wants to turn his back on them. President Trump  turns his back on them. The new Secretary of the VA, appointed by  President Trump, turns his back on these soldiers. There are 80,000 of  them. Does President Trump just want to wait till all 80,000 are dead,  and then we will not have to worry about this anymore? Or do we serve  those who served us?   Every time I think about this, I just can't believe that the  President of the United States, who didn't serve--I didn't either. I  understand that. But you know, because I didn't serve in Vietnam and I  am just slightly on the young side of this generation, because I didn't  serve, maybe I should work a little harder, as a member of the  Veterans' Committee, to make sure the people who did serve are taken  care of.   This President, who didn't serve--I don't judge him for that. No  matter what he said, I don't judge him for that. But maybe he ought to  work a little harder, not just making speeches about how much he loves  veterans but actually coming to the table and telling Senator  McConnell: Quit blocking our attempts to take care of these 80,000  veterans. It is just outrageous.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remainder  of my remarks be placed at a different point in the Record.   