 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for  yielding and for his kind words, too, especially. He has been a great  friend and a great leader on this front. I want to commend him for  taking on the task of putting together a budget, Madam Speaker, that  confronts some of the challenges that our country is facing in a way  that not only protects those promises that were made, for example, to  seniors.   Seniors were promised the safety net of Medicare, and yet, if we do  nothing--and there are some suggesting that we leave Medicare where it  is today--it actually goes bankrupt, Madam Speaker, in the next 8  years. It would be irresponsible for us, as Members of Congress, to sit  back and say we are afraid to confront these important issues, because  failing to confront them literally would lead to a bankrupt program for  seniors today and a broken promise by the Federal Government to those  seniors.   So we save Medicare from bankruptcy and, in fact, we do it in a way  that nothing changes for current seniors. In fact, the only thing that  would change is if we didn't do this, it would go bankrupt. So the  program is actually solvent again, not only for current seniors, but  for younger people, too, who don't think it will be there. In fact, it  won't be there for them the way it is for current seniors if we don't  make these bold reforms.   Madam Speaker, we also save the Social Security program, another  important promise made to people who work through their years and then  want to retire and have a safety net. And, today, maybe they have got a  lot of other means of savings, too. They might have 401(k)s, or they  might have a pension plan from their company. But they also paid into  that Social Security trust fund. And, again, if we do nothing, that  program goes bankrupt, as well. So we save that program, again, not  only for current seniors, but then for younger people. It will also be  there for them, too, generationally saving it.   Just like when Ronald Reagan worked with Tip O'Neill to save Social  Security from bankruptcy, they did it in a way that actually  strengthened the program. So for those people who want to hold their  head in the sand and say, don't do anything, not doing anything means  those two vital programs--Medicare and Social Security--would go bust  for seniors today. We can't let that happen.   Madam Speaker, I thank our leader, Mr. Banks, for doing that.   And then, again, we strengthen defense. We continue to build on the  reforms we have made to our economy so that we are able to create more  jobs, so that we repeal the death tax. We continue lowering taxes,  which has gotten such a great revolution in job creation and higher  wages for workers. The things that we are doing that are working, we  build upon those things and make this country even stronger and greater  for generations.   So while putting a budget together is tough--and I know the other  side hasn't even passed a budget out of committee, Madam Speaker--we,  with this RSC budget, have shown what bold conservative reforms can do  to strengthen programs like Medicare, like Social Security, encourage  innovation in failing programs, block granting Medicaid to States so  States can innovate, strengthening defense, and, again, building on the  great successes we are seeing in our economy so that wages can be  higher, and we protect people with preexisting conditions.   These are the kinds of things that people call on us to do. We come  here to Congress to do the big things, to tackle the tough problems in  a way where we protect people who count on us and actually strengthen  this country for future generations, so we can build on this great  American Dream.   