 Mr. Speaker, I was one of the first  Republicans, I believe, to speak out once the comments became public on  Sunday. I did it Sunday afternoon, and then I did it again on Monday.   But I cannot, in good faith, support this resolution because I can't  possibly overlook the partisan nature in which it was brought forward,  and the number of issues that we have control over in the House that we  are choosing to ignore and have continued to ignore since we were sworn  in in January.   We have Members of this body who have called detention facilities  concentration camps; have supported people who are labeling our Border  Patrol agents and our ICE officers as Nazis.   The gentleman just mentioned some folks outside of this body of  Congress who may, he believes, have been inspired by certain comments.  Well, where is the condemnation of these?   When are we going to stand up and condemn those who call Americans,  who are doing their jobs, by the way, enforcing laws that we enact,  Nazis? When are we going to push back on that?   When are we going to push back on comments, after one of our Members  was criticized, they said, and I quote: After the comments, ``I got a  text message from a friend who's like, hey, next time, you know, really  clarify. Maybe talk like a fourth grader because maybe the racist  idiots would understand you better''?   Am I a racist idiot? Do I read at a fourth-grade level? Do the  Members of this body?   Have we gotten so broken as a Congress, where a simple disagreement  results in us labeling one another racist idiots? Is that who we are?   Where's the condemnation? When are we going to speak out about that?   And I don't have to remind this body about the last time we were here  for a similar process, when one of our Members said: ``It's all about  the Benjamins,'' implying that Members of both sides of the aisle are  being purchased and bought by our Jewish brothers and sisters.   When are we going to stand up and speak out against that? Because I  have been here for 7 months now, and it is the same thing over and over  again.   And the people who lose--and we all know this--are the constituents  who are relying on us to actually work to solve problems.   We have done nothing to support USMCA, to bring it up for a vote. We  have done nothing to bring down the cost of prescription drugs. We  haven't done anything since we have been here, and the reason is  because we have been focused on fighting each other online; biting back  and forth; rushing in front of the cameras; boosting our Twitter  followers; and inciting the very division that prevents us from seeking  common ground.   I, like I know most of my colleagues, came here to find common  ground. We came here to fight for the ideals that make our Nation  great.   I am the son of Cuban immigrants, proudly.   