 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when it comes to air safety, the  United States of America should be the gold standard for the world. In  fact, better than the gold standard, it ought to be the Sullenberger  standard.   We remember Sully Sullenberger, who was the pilot at the controls  when the ``Miracle on the Hudson'' flight in 2009 landed safely. He  prescribed the qualities that we should regard most highly as we choose  a new Administrator of the FAA. He also gave us the leadership we need  and should respect when considering the nomination of Stephen Dickson.  We should reject it, and he articulated exactly why.    Chesley ``Sully'' Sullenberger said about Stephen Dickson that ``his  actions and words raise grave concerns about his ability to act with  the integrity and the independence the next FAA Administrator must have  to navigate the challenges of the ungrounding of the 737 MAX and to  rebuild the global trust in the FAA's confidence and ability to  appropriately certify new aircraft design.'' That is what he said in an  interview with POLITICO, but he said it publicly on a number of other  occasions. Those two qualities that he mandated in the next FAA  Administrator as more important than any other--independence and  integrity--are precisely the qualities that Stephen Dickson lacks. It  is that failing which brings me to the floor now to oppose his  nomination.   Sully Sullenberger highlighted the particular experience that  exemplified that failing, which is Stephen Dickson's involvement in a  whistleblower case.   As I know from my experience as the U.S. attorney and attorney  general, whistleblowers are the ones who bring information to light  that can help save lives. Whether it is in the criminal area or air  safety or drug effectiveness or many other areas, including other areas  of transportation safety, whistleblowers play a vital role, so they  need protection. They should never be retaliated against. They should  never be objects of retribution. They should be protected and  encouraged. That is what an air safety expert who really cares about  safety--someone who respects independence and integrity--would do. That  is exactly the opposite of what Stephen Dickson is alleged to have done  in the case of Karlene Petitt.   Ms. Petitt's case was brought to our attention after Stephen  Dickson's testimony to the Commerce Committee, so we had no real  opportunity to ask him about it in his confirmation hearing. In fact,  we never learned about Ms. Petitt's case or a deposition that Dickson  gave for it until after that hearing. He didn't disclose it because he  purportedly interpreted a Senate Commerce Committee questionnaire as  asking about ``my personal conduct and my behavior both in general and  as an officer of a large public company or any instance in which I was  named as a party to a proceeding.'' He didn't think that a court case  or a deposition fit that definition.   The simple fact is that Ms. Petitt alleged she was subject to  retaliation after presenting Mr. Dickson and other Delta executives,  including the current CEO, Ed Bastian, with a written report regarding  Delta's ``Flight Operations' Safety Culture'' in January 2016. That  report alleged significant facts that should have been investigated.   Following its submission and a meeting with a member of Delta's human  resources staff, Ms. Petitt was removed from duty. In fact, in March  2016, she was referred for a psychiatric examination. That is the way  Delta reacted to her whistleblower complaint. The doctor chosen by  Delta diagnosed her with bipolar disorder and found that she was unfit  for duty. When she was evaluated by a panel of eight doctors at the  Mayo Clinic and an independent third-party doctor, these psychiatrists  concluded that Ms. Petitt did not, in fact, suffer from a mental  illness and was entirely fit for duty.   The appearance and seemingly the reality is that her safety concerns  were meant to be buried rather than taken seriously and addressed. Mr.  Dickson played a part in that reaction to her whistleblower concerns.  In fact, the psychiatrist who first evaluated her concluded that she  must have this disorder because, as a woman, how can she be raising  three young children and be studying for another possible degree and at  the same time working as she was. That kind of evaluation was certainly  entitled to very little respect.   Again, Mr. Dickson never disclosed it to us, so we could never ask  him about it at the nomination hearing. He never disclosed it before  that hearing. When he was called upon to explain this lapse, instead of  taking ownership of his failing, he sought to minimize his involvement  inconsistently with the facts of the case. His failure to disclose it  and his reaction to it would itself be disqualifying, but there are  other grounds as well.   He is simply not the right person for this agency at this time.  Integrity and independence are now more important than ever because the  airline industry and particularly Boeing need new leadership in  oversight and accountability. New leadership from the FAA is critically  important in light of its failure to ground those 737 MAX airplanes  ahead of the rest of the world--in fact, the FAA follows the rest the  world--and because of their delegation of authority for certification  to Boeing and manufacturers generally. That delegation of authority  essentially puts the fox in charge of the henhouse. It may have been  for cost savings to the FAA because they could allow Boeing to hire,  pay, and fire the certifiers, but at some level, it meant that Boeing  then in effect controls the safety and scrutiny supposedly exercised by  an independent FAA. That independence is critically important.   Mr. Dickson comes from a long career at Delta Airlines--in fact, a  record at Delta that raises questions about his independence from the  industry and at a time when that agency must guarantee its independence  from that industry.   Our next FAA Administrator will, in fact, have enormous challenges in  restoring public trust. This agency has been undermined by its failure  to ground airplanes, to exercise independent judgment, and to do the  kind of scrutiny necessary and what is needed, in fact, in new  leadership. The FAA's broken system--at least in public perception-- requires a new voice, untainted by connections to the industry. We have  an opportunity to find someone who will restore that confidence in  America and worldwide.   He is very simply not the right person for this job, and I urge my  colleagues to oppose him and to respect the advice given to us by Sully  Sullenberger, who has highlighted those two qualities: independence and  integrity--integrity not only in past careers but in dealings with the  U.S. Senate, in full disclosure with respect to whistleblowers, in  highlighting public safety above profits or interests of the industry.  That is the kind of independence and integrity we need. I still have  hope that we can find it if my colleagues join me in opposing this  nomination.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   