 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon in support of this continuing  resolution.   Having to pass a continuing resolution is never an ideal situation,  as I think most Members of this body know. However, I support this CR  because it will ensure that Congress can provide the basic services  which so many of our constituents depend on.   I also support this bill because it provides us with the necessary  time to negotiate those FY 2020 appropriations bills, bills that have  already been referred to this afternoon, bills that I hope are both  fiscally responsible and will avoid poisonous, partisan riders, unlike  the bills that were passed over the summer in the House, which  Republicans, frankly, cannot support.   This continuing resolution continues Federal funding at last year's  levels with limited exceptions to ensure our government has the  resources it needs to aid our constituents and help them where they  need Federal assistance.   Serving as ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee, I support the inclusion of language that  ensures the Census Bureau will stay on track to deliver a full and  accurate account of all Americans in the 2020 census that will be  beginning in a few months, as well as the language that enables the  International Trade Commission to meet its statutory mandates under the  bipartisan American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act.    I am also pleased that this legislation continues to provide for all  existing pro-life protections that will allow the USDA to provide  temporary relief from unjust tariffs in retaliation to American farmers  and ranchers during the period of the continuing resolution.   Unfortunately, this bill does fall short of providing the resources  needed by the United States Marshals Service for the detention and care  of its prisoners. Stepped up efforts under the Trump administration to  prosecute firearms, drug, and immigration violations directly impact  the United States Marshals Service's needs.   The safe, secure, and humane confinement of prisoners depends on  appropriate funding for this account. We cannot, as a Congress, call  for a crackdown on gun crime and simultaneously fail to adequately  provide for the detention of arrestees. This need must be addressed in  the FY 2020 legislation.   Therefore, in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on the Appropriations  Committee as we complete the consideration of FY 2020 appropriations  bills under the budget deal that was reached last month.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.   