 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by saluting our  distinguished chairman. Thank you so much to our chairman for bringing  this bill to the floor and for managing it today.   He has just returned from an arduous trip. I have been on that trip.  I know how tiring it can be and, frankly, even the personal danger one  puts oneself in on that trip. I salute the chairman for his stamina and  his commitment to American foreign policy, being here on the floor  today. So I thank him and salute him and his able staff.   I also, of course, want to thank my co-chair of the Georgia Caucus  and coauthor of H.R. 598, the Georgia Support Act, Mr. Kinzinger, who  has been a wonderful partner and always willing to look at an issue  thoughtfully and put himself sometimes at political risk in showing  intestinal fortitude. I salute Mr. Kinzinger, too.   This legislation asserts the United States' continued support for the  independence and sovereignty of Georgia. It supports Georgia's  continued democratic development, including free and fair elections,  and affirms U.S. opposition to Russian aggression in the region, which  is not, as has been noted, theoretical.   Russian troops occupy Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia. Russia  has fomented unrest, aided separatist movements, and committed serious  human rights violations, including ongoing detentions and killings.   Russian forces continue to harass civilian communities along the  administrative boundary line and impede the right of the return of  internally displaced persons, even moving that administrative boundary  line arbitrarily.   Just a few weeks ago, tensions flared over a reported buildup of  military equipment and personnel near the ABL, the administrative  boundary line, in Russian-occupied South Ossetia.   H.R. 598 bolsters Georgia's territorial integrity by authorizing  sanctions against those responsible for or complicit in human rights  violations in these occupied territories.   As chairman of the U.S. delegation to the NATO Parliamentary  Assembly, I am very pleased that the Georgia Support Act recognizes  that Georgia has been a longstanding NATO-aspirant country and a  contributor to NATO's troop levels.   I have traveled to Georgia three times in the last 3 years, including  for the spring meeting of NATO's Parliamentary Assembly, and I believe  that Georgia is a key partner for NATO's security. This act builds on  previous efforts that Congress has undertaken to support Georgia's  territorial integrity.   In the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act,  CAATSA, P.L. 115-44, we enshrined a nonrecognition policy for Russia's  illegal occupation of Georgian territory.   In the 114th Congress, the House passed H.R. 660, which Judge Poe and  I introduced, to express support for Georgia's full territorial  integrity. The resolution was a clear and unequivocal statement in  support of the sovereign territory of Georgia and reiterated the  longstanding policy of the United States not to recognize territorial  changes affected by force, as dictated by the Stimson Doctrine, going  back to 1932, authored by then-Secretary of State Henry Stimson.   Just as the House of Representatives passed the Crimea Annexation  Non-recognition Act, H.R. 596, earlier this year, the Georgia Support  Act is another clear and unequivocal statement by this Congress on the  issue of territorial sovereignty. This act expresses Congress' support  for the vital U.S.-Georgia partnership, which is a strategically  important relationship in a very critical part of the world.   I urge my colleagues to adopt this legislation.   Again, I thank the chairman for his distinguished leadership on this  issue, and my partner, Mr. Kinzinger.    