 Madam President, I start by thanking the Democratic  leader for his leadership in raising those important issues before the  Senate this afternoon.   I bring another issue before the Senate, that being my strong  opposition to President Trump's shameful decision to invite Turkish  President Erdogan to the White House tomorrow. It is a decision that  has alarmed our allies and comforted our adversaries. It is a decision  that undermines our values and our national security interests, and it  is a decision that sends a terrible message to the world about how to  get invited to President Trump's White House.   In just the last 5 weeks, Turkish President Erdogan has taken the  following actions: No. 1, he has launched an attack on a key ally of  ours--in fact, the key ally--in our fight against ISIS terrorists, that  being the Syrian Democratic Forces, led by the Syrian Kurds. No. 2,  President Erdogan and his forces have killed over 200 in these attacks,  displaced over 300,000, and enabled the release of over 100 ISIS  prisoners. No. 3, Erdogan is using jihadi proxies that include a lot of  al-Qaida elements, and they are committing gross human rights abuses,  including what the Trump administration has acknowledged as being war  crimes. There are also reports that the Turkish-backed proxy forces are  using the chemical agent white phosphorus. No. 4, Erdogan and his  forces have violated the so-called safe zone agreement that was reached  by Vice President Pence in Ankara a few weeks ago. After President  Erdogan entered into that agreement with Vice President Pence, which  has been violated, he turned around and decided to cut a separate deal  with Putin and Russia, thereby giving Russia even more leverage than it  already had in Syria.   In addition, Erdogan boasted that he organized a hit squad to  assassinate the top commander of our Syrian Kurdish allies, General  Mazloum. President Erdogan did that even after President Trump  acknowledged that our Syrian Kurdish allies had given us important  information that had helped us to kill ISIS leader Baghdadi. In fact,  Erdogan has compared the military leader of our Syrian Kurdish allies-- those who bore the brunt of the fight against ISIS--with the ISIS  leader whom we just killed, Baghdadi. President Erdogan did all of that  in just the last 5 weeks.   What did President Trump do?   Instead of calling upon the House and the Senate to pass the economic  sanctions bill that had been introduced, he rewarded Erdogan for all of  those actions with a coveted White House meeting.   That is not the way we should be treating somebody who has just spent  the last 5 weeks thumbing his nose at the United States, undermining  our interests, endangering our allies, strengthening Russia, Assad, and  Iran, and increasing threats to our ally Israel.   It sends a terrible message to the world: Go ahead and undermine the  national security interests of the United States, and the President of  the United States will invite you over for dinner.   I have teamed up with Senator Graham and others on a bipartisan  basis, and I want to thank the Presiding Officer for her support on  that sanctions legislation to hold Turkey accountable.   Here is what Senator Graham said about President Erdogan just 3 weeks  ago: ``If you want to get Erdogan's attention, you have to treat him  like the thug he is.'' That is Senator Graham speaking. Yet Erdogan,  time and again over the last 5 weeks and before, has essentially spit  in the eye of the United States, and now he is coming to Washington for  a White House meeting. This is very difficult to explain. I am not sure  any of us has the answer as to why President Trump is doing this.   The Washington Post had an article on October 17 headlined ``In  Turkey's President, Trump seems to have found a soul mate.'' If you  read through the article, you can see that President Trump does seem to  have an affinity for President Erdogan of Turkey, and clearly President  Erdogan likes to get on the phone with President Trump because whenever  he does, President Erdogan seems to get his way.   Now he will come for a face-to-face meeting, and I am sure President  Erdogan expects to get his way again. Why would he think that? Well,  because the last time they talked, President Erdogan clearly took away  from the conversation that it was just fine with President Trump if  Turkey attacked our Syrian Kurdish allies. President Erdogan clearly  believed he had the green light. In fact, after they hung up from that  phone call, President Erdogan sent his forces and used proxy forces to  attack our Syrian Kurdish allies, and President Trump tweeted that we  were withdrawing some of our Special Forces from the area--Special  Forces that had helped deter Turkish aggression against our Syrian  Kurdish allies.   It is very rare for retired senior military leaders in the United  States to criticize a sitting Commander in Chief, but the betrayal of  our Syrian Kurdish allies and the terrible message that sent around the  world about the unreliability of the United States compelled many of  those former leaders to warn about the consequences. I think it is  important for the Senate to hear some comments from people who are  respected for what they have done for our country.   ADM William McRaven, former commander of the U.S. Special Operations  Command, who worked with our Syrian  [[Page S6493]]  Kurdish allies in the fight against ISIS, said: ``He's''--referring to  President Trump--``obviously left our allies the Kurds on the  battlefield. . . . We feel like we've betrayed them. He's undermined  our NATO allies . . . the international community has lost faith in  America.'' That is from Admiral McRaven.   GEN Joseph Votel, former commander of U.S. Central Command and also  somebody who has personal experience working alongside our Syrian  Kurdish allies in the fight against ISIS, said: ``This policy  abandonment threatens to undo five years' worth of fighting against  ISIS and will severely damage American credibility and reliability in  any future fights where we need strong allies.''   General Petraeus, former commander of U.S. Central Command and former  commander of NATO's mission in Afghanistan and in Iraq, said: ``Well, I  think we have abandoned our Syrian Kurdish partners. They took over  10,000 losses as the defeat of the Islamic State was carried out.''   Secretary James Mattis, Secretary of Defense under President Trump  and former commander of U.S. Central Command, said: ``In this case, if  we don't keep the pressure on, then ISIS will resurge.''   Secretary Mattis made it clear that by abandoning our Syrian Kurdish  allies, we gave more oxygen to ISIS. In fact, we learned over the  weekend that ISIS was claiming responsibility for the murder of an  Armenian Catholic priest and his son. Their funeral services are today.   Another former high-level U.S. military commander who has spoken is  ADM James Stavridis. He is the former commander of U.S. European  Command and NATO Supreme Allied Commander in Europe. Here is what he  had to say: ``This is heart-rending for anybody who has shed blood, who  has deployed forward. . . . I'm getting so many inputs from all around  the military . . . they know how this hurts at a very personal level. .  . . It's not only the betrayal of the Kurds, it is the way it is going  to allow those embers on the floor of the forest fire that we thought  were out to kind of re-flash.'' He is saying, in other words, giving  more oxygen to the ISIS embers that we were working toward  extinguishing.   Gen. John Allen, former commander of NATO International Security  Assistance Force and U.S. Forces--Afghanistan, was even blunter:  ``There is blood on Trump's hands for abandoning our Kurdish allies.''   Those are from former top U.S. military leaders, patriots who fought  with our Syrian Kurdish allies in the fight against ISIS.   There is also a statement from Brett McGurk. So who is Brett McGurk?  Brett McGurk was the Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to  Counter ISIS. He had that position under the previous President and for  President Trump for a time. Here is what Brett McGurk had to say:  ``I've worked for three presidents and participated in a number of  foreign leader calls. I cannot recall a President that seems to  believe--and then parrots--whatever a foreign leader tells him on the  phone. Such information is often false, intended to influence more than  inform.'' Yet what we saw was that when President Trump hung up on that  phone call with President Erdogan, he essentially green-lighted that  operation. That is why President Erdogan likes to get President Trump  on the phone directly or talk to him directly, which he is going to get  a chance to do tomorrow.   Probably the most damning of all the comments I have heard--and this  was not unique, but it was unique in the way it was characterized--came  from the mother of a cadet at the Naval Academy. What was interesting  is that she has been a loyal supporter of President Trump. She  supported him, she voted for him, and she stuck with him, but after the  betrayal of our Syrian Kurdish allies, she said that she no longer  could trust him and that she worried that her son at the Naval Academy  would essentially be left to the whims of a Commander in Chief whom she  could no longer trust. That was all before President Trump invited  President Erdogan to the White House.    What we should be doing is passing tough economic sanctions. What we  should be doing is holding Turkey and President Erdogan accountable for  undermining our security and helping to give new oxygen to ISIS. That  is why the House of Representatives passed a bipartisan sanctions bill  by a whopping veto-proof vote of 403 to 16. That is why Senator Graham  and I have introduced bipartisan sanctions legislation in the U.S.  Senate, which has more than 14 bipartisan cosponsors and growing. I do  want to thank the Presiding Officer for her efforts to hold President  Erdogan accountable with this legislation. There is also other  legislation introduced by Senator Menendez and Senator Risch.   Here is what I know: The most important thing is that this body, the  Senate, should act right now. We have the House bill sitting at the  desk. We have the bill introduced by Senator Graham and me sitting at  the desk. Right now we should just pass those sanctions bills and send  a message to President Erdogan that while he may be going to the White  House tomorrow, he does not have support in the Congress.   I have talked about Erdogan's actions for the last 5 weeks. I would  like to take us back 5 years from the period we are in right now. In  the fall of that year, mid-September 2014, ISIS terrorist forces were  encircling the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani. Kobani is a town on the  Syrian side of the Turkey-Syria border. ISIS was laying siege to that  town. They had already taken a lot of the surrounding villages, and  they were closing in on this last Syrian Kurdish stronghold.   The Syrian Kurds were totally outnumbered by ISIS, and the Syrian  Kurds asked the United States for help. It took us a little longer than  it should have--took us weeks, not days--but we agreed to help supply  our Syrian Kurdish allies with weapons and equipment in the fight  against ISIS.   We asked Turkey if they would help us supply weapons to the Syrian  Kurds because Kobani is right there on the Syria-Turkey border. Turkey  refused. President Erdogan said no. So the United States, at greater  risk to our own forces, had to airdrop weapons and supplies into Iraq  from U.S. aircraft, and with that help, our Syrian Kurdish forces were  able to stop ISIS from taking over Kobani and began to push them out  and, again with our help, primarily from the air, pushed them out. In  that fight over the last 5 years, the Syrian Kurds have lost over  11,000 men and women, soldiers and others. That is what they have lost  in the fight with us against ISIS.   Turkey, on the other hand, not only did not lift a finger in that  fight, but for the past 5 years and even more the years before, they  turned a blind eye to ISIS fighters transiting through Turkey, so ISIS  was growing stronger as a result of their negligence.   I want to close by responding to those who say: Well, you know what,  Turkey is a NATO ally, and so we should invite President Erdogan over  to the White House.   I see on the floor my friend and colleague, Senator Durbin from  Illinois, and he, along with myself and others, has made this point  repeatedly. We would like Turkey to be a strong NATO ally. Over the  years of NATO alliance, they have in the past been a good partner, but  under President Erdogan's leadership, they have taken Turkey in a very  different direction.   The issue is not whether the United States wants Turkey to be a  member of NATO; the question is, Does Turkey really want to stay in the  alliance? Because everything they have done shows they are violating  the values and principles of our alliance.   President Erdogan decided to purchase the Russian-made S-400 anti- aircraft system against our strong objection. This is a system that  would have put our F-35 pilots at risk and undermined NATO security.  President Erdogan said he didn't care. He went ahead with the S-400  purchase, and those S-400s are sitting in Turkey right now.   He was willing to work with Russia, Iran, Assad to undermine our  interests in the area. We have talked today about how he attacked our  Syrian Kurdish allies. He has repeatedly threatened the European  Parliament, European Union, with releasing refugees if they do not  cooperate with him and don't turn a blind eye to the fact that he has  locked up more journalists than any other country on earth, including  Iran, Egypt, North Korea, and Saudi Arabia.  [[Page S6494]]    So, Madam President, the fact that the President of the United States  has invited Erdogan to the White House, after everything Erdogan has  done to undermine our values and security, is a shame on the United  States. It will undermine our national security interests. It has  already alarmed our allies and heartened our adversaries.   It is important that all of us--all of us in this House and Senate-- on a bipartisan basis, speak out--as we have been doing--against the  shameful chapter in our American foreign policy and national security.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   