 Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I  would have voted ``nay'' on rollcall No. 403, ``nay'' on rollcall No.  404, ``yea'' on rollcall No. 405, and ``nay'' on rollcall No. 406.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership here  on the floor today.   Is there a crisis?   I think there is, and I am glad that we are here today where our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are finally acknowledging  that there is a crisis.   Not that long ago, the Speaker of the House called the situation a  fake crisis at the border. Senate Minority Leader Schumer called it a  crisis that does not exist. The House majority leader said that there  is no crisis at the border. The House Democratic Caucus chairman,  Hakeem Jeffries, said that there is no crisis at the border. House  Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Engel called the situation a fake  crisis at the border. House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler  said that there is no crisis at the border. Representative Debbie  Wasserman Schultz said that we don't have a border crisis.   I could go on and on and on of statements on the record, in the news  media, in this building, and in this Chamber saying that there is no  border crisis. Now, either that is putting your head in the sand and  ignoring the facts in front of you, or it was very purposeful. It was  very purposeful to try to hide the fact that there is, in fact, a  crisis for some sort of cynical political gain.   The fact of the matter is, in May of this year, there were 84,000  families that attempted to enter the country and that were  apprehended--84,000, which is more than all of 2014. Anybody with eyes,  anybody who has gone to the border has seen that there has been a  crisis for months on end, and our colleagues on the other side of the  aisle were willfully ignoring it.   President Obama, in 2014, put forward a bill, legislation, that was  introduced by Senator Mikulski that added $762 million in it for ICE to  deal with unaccompanied children at the time, which, today, our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle say we cannot do. President  Obama was asking for money for ICE, and today we are told, no, you  can't have any money for ICE.   But if the majority doesn't provide resources to ICE, where are they  going to put the children whom they say they want to take care of?  Where are they going to put the families? Where are they going to put  the people they are detaining at the border?   When the majority creates a tent facility at CBP to process people at  the border, as this bill suggests doing, they have no resources in  there for DOD; they have no resources in there for ICE in any  significant way; and they have no place to put the people they say they  want to take care of in this bill.   What are they asking CBP and what are they asking our people at the  border to do?   Then the majority has the audacity to point at ICE and CBP and tell  them they are failing to do their jobs when, for months on end, we have  not provided the resources necessary for them to do their job.   The American people sent us here to solve problems, and one of those  is to secure the border of the United States and to ensure those people  who seek to come here can do so safely, yet we bury our head in the  sand for political gain and ignore the facts on the ground.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation falls short. This legislation  that the House leadership has put forward has been late, does not  address the problem, and will, in fact, make the problem worse by  binding the hands of Border Patrol and binding the hands of the people  whom we have asked to do their job.   We should reject this legislation. We should work together to provide  legislation that would actually solve the problem and stop enriching  cartels on the backs of human beings because the strongest nation in  the history of the world refuses to acknowledge the problem that  cartels are exploiting asylum laws and human beings for profit.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  leadership on this issue and dealing with this important legislation.   Madam Speaker, I am always perplexed when listening to the arguments  on this topic that we are not talking about the actual problem. So when  we are talking about the facilities that need to have more supplies and  more dollars for support, I agree. I don't think anybody in this room  disagrees at all. But nothing we are going to do today is going to  actually solve the problem.   I have got an exchange here with a group of Border Patrol agents who  texted me to say, about this legislation: This does nothing but  perpetuate the catch-and-release magnet.  [[Page H5158]]    While there are some good pieces to the bill, why are we not  increasing ICE beds? Why are we providing taxpayer funding to educate  border crossers on the asylum process?   Why do we keep providing money to let people go that violate our  immigration laws? This just provides more incentives for people to  cross the border illegally.   If this were to pass, why would anyone stop crossing?   They said, this is what I refer to as completing the human smuggling  cycle. Cartels drop off people at our borders, UACs, family units.  Border Patrol takes them, then delivers them, engages with the NGOs.  The NGOs aid these folks who are here, so they can reach their family  members that are in the United States waiting for them. So the family  members in the U.S. are the ones paying the cartels their smuggling  fees.   And the NGOs are then reimbursed, and the whole process, it is  completing the entire cycle.   This legislation will perpetuate the problem because we are not  actually going to address the situation with ICE beds. We are not going  to do anything to stop the flow, and we are going to empower the  cartels who have operational control of our border, full operational  control of our border.   If you talk to anybody on the border who knows what is actually going  on--we should reject this legislation in favor of legislation that will  actually solve the problem.   