 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to cast my vote in support of the  resolution we will shortly be voting on, which sends an important  message that this body, directly representing the  [[Page S2591]]  American people, wishes to end direct U.S. military support for the  Saudi-led coalition's campaign in Yemen.   I am disappointed but not surprised that the President issued a veto,  choosing to stand by a campaign of devastating consequences for the  people of Yemen. Every time we have a vote on this resolution and every  day, the numbers get worse, but let us be clear. These numbers are  people: 3 million human beings have been forced to flee, more than 15  million are on the brink of starvation, and more than 1 million  individuals--children, mothers, fathers--are suffering from the largest  cholera epidemic in the world.   Even the coalition countries themselves insist there is no military  solution to this manmade conflict. As Houthis, backed with  destabilizing and increasing support from Iran, continue to launch  attacks into civilian population centers, Saudi Arabia and the United  Arab Emirates continue their campaign which has targeted hospitals and  threatened humanitarian access.   The fragile U.N.-brokered political process that emerged from  Stockholm is almost at a breaking point. To be sure, the Houthis slow- walking the implementation of this plan presents a serious challenge,  but U.S. focus should now be on supporting a meaningful, inclusive, and  comprehensive process, even if it is one step at a time--a process that  must start by ensuring that vital humanitarian relief reaches those who  need it most desperately.   As some of my colleagues and the President have repeated, we do  indeed have important security and military partnerships with the  countries comprising the coalition, but these partnerships are not a  blank check for weapons and direct support for a campaign that is  decidedly working against U.S. interests in the region.   In addition to the truly horrific attacks on civilians, we have  credible, alarming reports that our partners are transferring U.S.  weapons to nonstate actors who have worked directly against the United  States. Moreover, the length and brutality of this campaign have  allowed Iran to exploit a vacuum and increase its influence and  presence in the gulf.   This resolution sends an important message, but much work remains to  be done.   I have a bipartisan bill that would authorize serious policy  regarding U.S. weapons sales, that would hold accountable those  blocking humanitarian aid, and help set the stage for supporting a  meaningful political process.   As I have said before, we should consider this resolution just as one  step, but one that must be taken, one that the Congress has shown it  supports.   While the President has made his decision clear, the Congress must  continue to assert our independence and continue to act where he will  not.   Finally, let me also repeat what I said this morning at the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee business meeting--the Executive has a  responsibility to share with us critical information that is directly  relevant to the work of the committee.   Last month, I discovered intelligence directly related to a topic  that the administration had regularly briefed the committee about but  completely omitted. Without going into the details, I called the  administration to provide committee members with more information. I  believe the full Senate should have this information, which is relevant  to votes we have taken, and I will be asking the majority and minority  leaders to convene an all-Senators briefing on this topic. I think they  should know before they cast votes.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   