 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from  Colorado and also the gentlewoman from California, but, Mr. Speaker, I  rise today, and I am in reluctant opposition to H.R. 1044. This is not  something I would like to be, but this bill could be better. In fact,  it is not going to do what it said it will do, and that is a problem.   Current law states that nationals of one country can receive no more  than 7 percent of employment-based green cards allotted each year. H.R.  1044 removes the 7 percent cap, effectively moving the employment-based  green card categories to a first-come-first-served basis. Okay. That is  fine. The bill also raises the current annual per-country cap on  family-based green cards to 15 percent. Okay.   But to be clear, I agree with the concept of eliminating the per- country caps on employment-based green cards. In fact, I think that  there probably should not have been a cap from the onset of this, but  Congress did not place a statutory per-country limit on green card  issuance, and a result has been an extremely large backlog of nationals  from certain countries who have approved green card petitions but whose  green card is not available and will not be for several years.   So I understand the desire of many, including the distinguished lady  from California, whom I have great respect for in this field, and also  my ranking member and many others who have signed on to this bill, but  I believe many people who signed on to this bill signed on to a bill  that would actually be put together and actually be able to work. They  did not sign on to a statement bill that will not be able to work, in  which the agencies have already said they can't.   Before anybody says that there are 300-plus cosponsors, remember,  this Congress also took up a bill which had almost 400 cosponsors but  still went through the process of actually being changed and marked up,  which is a distinct difference in this bill.   So just because you have a lot of cosponsors doesn't mean, always,  that it is right and can't still be perfected. In fact, it is wrong to  tell communities that this bill will help them when, in actuality, it  won't.   This is the problem I have. The bill was introduced in February. It  was placed on a Consensus Calendar last month and now on a suspension  calendar today. Neither the subcommittee nor full committee had a  hearing to look at this issue in this Congress or any potential  ramifications of the legislation, and the committee did not mark up  this bill. So those of us who support the intent but have concerns  about the factual text have no opportunity to formally hear from  agencies affected by this legislation or even outside groups and  individuals affected.   When my colleagues took over, they promised regular order. This isn't  regular order, especially with a bill of this importance. Lack of  process is a big concern of mine, but even more troubling are the  standard provisions of the bill and how they are not ambiguous at times  but unworkable. I will give some examples.   Section 2(e)(1) of the bill states that, during an implementation  transition period, visas ``shall be allotted to immigrants who are  natives of a foreign state or dependent area that is not one of the two  states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives who are  beneficiaries of approved petitions for immigrant status under such  paragraphs.''   What does that mean, and how is the USCIS supposed to interpret it?  Does it mean the largest aggregate number from the time the green cards  were first issued or does it mean something else?   I know that previous versions of this bill have tied such transition  to a specific fiscal year. But the language here is ambiguous and is  based on interpretation by the agencies. That could have very different  ramifications. In fact, the agencies have said they don't know how to  interpret this. The agency that will be in charge of this said, We  can't do this. That should ring true with every Member in this body.   More concerning, however, is section 2(e)(4), which portends to  ensure that aliens with currently approved green card petitions are not  adversely affected by lifting of the caps. The bill states that the  visas ``shall be allocated such that no alien described in subparagraph  (B) receives a visa later than the alien otherwise would have received  said visa had this act not been enacted.''   But the premise of the bill and the idea that approved aliens cannot  be adversely affected is not true. Either the visas are first come,  first served or they are not. And the agencies that would have to carry  out this legislation would not be able to move people up in line to  comply with first come, first served while, at the same time, ensuring  visas for already approved beneficiaries are taken care of.   There are a finite number of visas available every year.    So I will be reluctantly standing here  against a bill that I inherently agree with. In fact, the speakers who  have spoken already, I agree with, and the speakers who are going to  come forward, I agree with them, except for one thing: Don't promise  something to groups of people that you can't deliver on. We can't  deliver with this bill.   We have an opportunity to say no right now, fix this, and come back  and have a unanimous vote. But don't send a bill just because it makes  us feel good and was promised to somebody. This is not my issue with  this bill.   My issue with this bill is that it is not right. It is not ready for  prime time, and it is definitely not ready for the suspension calendar.  We need to make it right when we come to this floor.    I think the chairwoman has done a great job in trying to get it  there. I believe my ranking member wants to work on that, and I am  willing to, as I expressed to the chairwoman, as well, to make this  right. This is not the time, even though we have a lot of cosponsors.   If the cosponsors would simply read the bill and understand the  problems with the agencies and then go back to the communities  advocating for this, they cannot look them in the eye and say, ``This  is your fix.'' As I have said  [[Page H5327]]  many times from this floor before in the last 6 months, Mr. Speaker,  what makes you feel good, doesn't often heal you.    Mr. Speaker, I agree with everything the  gentleman just said. This is a good bill. It needs to happen.   These locations are different, and since 1948, the State of Arizona  has changed.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as a son of a state trooper and  as someone who also has served as a chaplain to police agencies and our  first responders, this is a very important bill to me. I cannot think  of a better Member from our side of the aisle who supported this, and  also the chairwoman and others who have supported this, but Guy  Reschenthaler is a champion of this from his service days and also from  his background.   Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Reschenthaler), the lead author on  the Republican side of the STOIC Act.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close.   Again, it is a great bill. You have heard the accolades of the  gentleman and gentlewoman from Pennsylvania. They have made that case  clear, along with my friends from Texas and California.   This is a good bill, I urge everybody to support it, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 1986 because it fixes a  technical, but very important, error that occurred in the Code, and the  gentlewoman from California, again, has done a wonderful job of  explaining this.   She brought up an interesting case. She brought up the case out of  the Northern Circuit of Georgia which is actually my circuit, and the  judge in that case is actually a judge named Rick Story. And Rick Story  is one of the best jurists we have in this country. His comment here is  really, I think, telling for us that many times in Congress we need to  take heed of when he says: ``It falls to Congress to write criminal  laws or to amend them if they yield unfair or unwanted results.'' And  that is exactly what we are doing here today.   This needs to be added. It was a scrivener's error and a mistake that  it was not there, and it needs to be corrected.   And with that, again, the gentlewoman from California has been a  great help on this, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Ratcliffe), and  others for their work on this legislation.   As we go forward, I think this has been a good process. I am glad to  see it coming to fruition, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this. I think the bill is a good bill. It  does exactly what it needs to do, and it clarifies for the future. I  encourage everyone to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my  time.   