 Madam Speaker, ``Facts are stubborn things; and  whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our  passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.''   John Adams made that statement almost 250 years ago. I recall his  words  [[Page H593]]  when House Speaker Pelosi, in arguing against more funding for security  at the southern border, claimed that President Trump was  ``manufacturing a crisis.''   The facts on the border establish that a crisis exists. According to  the Department of Homeland Security data, 161,000 family units arrived  in fiscal year 2018, an increase of 50 percent, and 60,000  unaccompanied children arrived in the same time period, an increase of  25 percent. Asylum claims have surged an astounding 2,000 percent in  the past 5 years, although most of these claims will be found invalid  later, after judicial review.   These surging numbers are overwhelming our resources on the border  and creating a humanitarian, security, and legal crisis.   The Mexican side of the border is often controlled by Mexican  criminal cartels or gangs. They charge a fee to assist border  crossings. To get here, many illegal immigrants put themselves in the  hands of these vicious smuggling gangs, which are looking for profit  and are uninterested in basic human dignity.   On the dangerous journey to the border, 7 out of 10 migrants suffer  from violence, and 31 percent of women and 17 percent of men are  sexually assaulted. Too often, the fees these gangs charge are  indentured servitude in the sex trade. Porous borders only encourage  more business for the criminal gangs who commit these abuses.   Further, more than people are being brought across the border, as you  have heard. Increased amounts of illicit substances are entering as  well. Meth, trafficked across the border by these cartels into places  across the country, including my district in southwest Virginia,  increased by 38 percent from fiscal year 2017 to fiscal year 2018. That  same period saw a 22 percent increase in heroin and an astonishing 73  percent increase in fentanyl.   Even when current security measures intercept people crossing the  border illegally, there isn't enough room in facilities to detain these  individuals until a judicial hearing can be held. Accordingly, most  illegal immigrants are released with notice to appear at a hearing in  the future. By the time of the hearing, they have either disappeared  back into the clutches of the cartels or into the underground economy.   In my opinion, these facts classify the situation on the southern  border as a crisis.   President Trump has asked for $5.7 billion to build a barrier on the  southern border, and additional funding for personnel. What is more, he  is willing to negotiate with the Democrats in the House and in the  Senate. Congressional Republicans are also ready to compromise.   In contrast, Democrat leaders refuse to budge. They say they will  give no money for a wall. Speaker Pelosi even called a wall immoral.   Her views on a barrier's immorality may come as a surprise to many on  her side of the aisle. When Congress voted on the Secure Fence Act,  which provided for 700 miles of fencing in 2006, it received the  support of 64 Democrats in the House and 26 in the Senate, including  Chuck Schumer, now the Senate Democrat leader, and then-Senators Barack  Obama and Hillary Clinton.   Instead, she appears afraid to get to yes on a deal with the  President. Speaker Pelosi appears to be afraid to get to that deal.   Another objection she has raised to the wall is that illegal drugs  and other smuggled goods also come through our legal ports of entry  rather than across the border. President Trump responded by including  an additional $675 million to combat smuggling at the ports of entry.   Further, Democrats say the government should be reopened before they  can come to the table. But when debating immigration last summer, the  House Democrats never offered a compromise on a wall. When debating  spending bills this fall, House Democrats never offered to compromise  on a wall.   For 30 years, the American people have been promised a barrier on the  southern border. Particularly for the last 4 months when the government  was, in fact, open, the last 4 months of 2018, House Democrats didn't  offer a solution. Why should anyone believe now that, if the government  is reopened, they will suddenly find a way to compromise?   Reaching a compromise is difficult when one side doesn't admit there  is a problem. A porous border has caused a crisis.   I urge Speaker Pelosi to come to the table. Let's talk about ways to  secure the border, protect the American people, end the humanitarian  crisis, and reopen the government.   