 Mr. President, the next vote, the vote we will take in  less than an hour, is a vote that would exercise the Congressional  Review Act, of which I am a supporter. The idea that we should use the  Congressional Review Act is a good thing for us to look at what any  administration does and determine if that is the right way to go.   Today, I certainly intend to vote to maintain the position that the  administration has had on the affordable clean energy rule. This is a  rule that will have a very positive impact on our State, just like the  rule that it replaces would have a very negative impact. We are in the  top five coal-using States for energy in our State.   With the Obama administration's rule, the massive energy regulations  would have imposed billions of dollars in compliance costs that would  have been passed along every single time that someone harvests a crop,  flips on a light switch, shops for groceries, or walks into the door at  work. Under the Obama-era rules, families in Missouri would have faced  double-digit utility price increases; in fact, the average Missourian's  average utility rate would have doubled in approximately a decade. A  vote for this Congress review act would put that rule into effect, as  opposed to the rule that replaces it.   These rules always have good titles. The current rule that the Trump  administration has put into place, the Affordable Clean Energy Rule,  would replace the clean power rule. That is significant. They both  propose to do the same thing. One rule states they will have clean  power; the other rule states it will have clean energy. The difference  in the title is actually the difference in effect, which is one  proposes affordable clean energy. It doesn't seem like a very tough  decision: You either want affordable clean energy or clean energy that,  in my view, is clearly not affordable.   What the new rule would do would be to look at individual sources of  energy and decide from a selection of things that can be done, what can  be done at those individual sources.   I was on this floor many times talking about this rule prior to the  2016 elections. It had been held in abeyance by courts that said, no,  it went too far. The administration didn't have the ability to do what  they were trying to do. When I was on the floor all those times talking  about what this rule would do to our State and our economy and similar  things all over the country, what I said was, the next time you write  your utility check, just write it out of your checkbook again because,  within a decade, you would be paying twice as much in Missouri for  utilities as you are paying right now. The cost would have gone up, and  it would have happened quickly.   Thankfully, President Trump and the administration--with the support,  frankly, I believe, today, of Senate Republicans--will have charted a  new course resulting in huge strides toward American energy  independence. We are doing that on other fronts. In fact, September and  August were the first 2 months in 37 years that we have been a net  exporter of energy, not an importer of energy. Energy self-sufficiency  is important, particularly when there is an all-of-the-above strategy  with oil, natural gas, nuclear, wind, and solar as a part of the  portfolio of energy that needs to grow, but doesn't need to grow in a  way that cripples American families when they try to pay their bills or  when they try to get a job. To become a net exporter of energy, we have  done all those things while we were still cutting emissions. Carbon  dioxide emissions in the power industry are down 28 percent since 2005,  without the Clean Power Plan ever having gone into effect.   The EPA's Affordable Clean Energy Rule strikes exactly the right  balance--in my view and, I believe, today in the view of a majority of  my colleagues--between reducing emissions and ensuring that Americans  can still continue to have access to reliable, affordable energy.   For many families, the cost of energy is one of the biggest items to  think about when they think about their budget. In fact, for many  families, there is not much to think about. You pay whatever you are  paying for your housing, then you pay your utility bill, and you see  what is left over. The luxury of having a technical budget with how you  are going to do all the things your family would like to do doesn't  happen all too often now. It would happen much less often if the  utility bills are twice what they are today.   The action we take here today, supporting the affordable energy rule  and  [[Page S5863]]  walking away from the clean power rule, will make a difference for  those families. It makes a difference in the utility bill at home, and  it makes a difference in the utility bill at work. Lots of jobs simply  just don't work at twice the cost of today's utility bills. It is a  foolish rule and has been properly replaced with a rule that makes  sense. I urge my colleagues to maintain the rule we are headed to,  rather than the one we are running away from.   I yield the floor.   