 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McGovern for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today, we consider a resolution to once again assert the  position of the House of Representatives with respect to the Armenian  genocide that occurred between 1915 and 1923. This resolution cites  previous United States recognition of the killing of Armenians,  including in 1951, 1975, 1981, and 1984.   Numerous resolutions have been introduced in the House and Senate  that did not pass both Chambers. In addition, Congress has twice  designated April 24 as a National Day of Remembrance of Man's  Inhumanity to Man, specifically referencing Armenia. The United States  has clearly indicated its support to the Armenians.   While there is historic precedent for recognizing the Armenian  genocide, passing such a resolution today could complicate the  situation with a NATO ally. Previously, this has resulted in protests  at and around the Incirlik Air Base that have affected our men and  women in uniform who were stationed there.   While the desire to recognize the Armenian genocide is laudable,  these events took place over 100 years ago. It remains unclear why we  are urgently considering this resolution. The Committee on Foreign  Affairs did not conduct a hearing or hold a markup before we voted last  night in the Rules Committee to bring this to the floor today.  Representative Schiff introduced this resolution on April 8 of this  year, 2019, so we are left to wonder why we wait until there are 11  legislative days until expiration of the continuing resolution to fund  the entirety of the Government of the United States on the  discretionary side, why we are willing to suspend that to consider a  nonbinding resolution.   Democrats continue to bring to the floor legislation that is either  not urgent or has no chance of passing the Senate and becoming law.  There are bipartisan policy areas in which Republicans stand ready to  work with Democrats for the benefit of the American people. The most  pressing issue, of course, is the continuing resolution expiration.   While the House did pass 10 of the 12 appropriations bills, they were  constructed largely without Republican input on the Appropriations  Committee, resulting in highly partisan provisions that actually  prevented any Republicans from being able to support these bills when  they came to the floor.   One of the most important appropriations bills providing funding for  the Department of Homeland Security has not received consideration by  the full House. We are facing a humanitarian and security crisis at our  southern border. That is real. That is right now. This situation got so  bad in early summer that Congress had to pass a supplemental  appropriations bill to last year's appropriation just to provide the  basic necessities for those in the Customs and Border Protection  custody. While this temporary funding influx helped alleviate a number  of people in our border facilities and the Office of Refugee  Resettlement shelters, it did not make any policy changes that would  actually address the root cause of this crisis.   If Democrats are unwilling to provide funding to secure our border,  we should consider disincentivizing people from making the dangerous  journey in the first place. There are people who die along the way.  Others are seriously injured or become ill. Still others become victims  of human trafficking.   Additionally, the cartels are profiting big time off of these  vulnerable individuals, taking a cut from two-thirds of southern border  flows. The penalty for not paying off the cartel is death. Rather than  incentivize this type of activity, could we not focus our efforts on  combating the drivers of irregular migration from El Salvador,  Guatemala, and Honduras? We can also send a message that if you come to  the United States without legal documentation, you will not be  permitted to remain herein definitely.    To change this, Congress could pass a bill to reform our asylum laws  and provide more resources to clear the backlog of immigration cases, a  backlog that is approaching 1 million cases.  [[Page H8554]]    Another area where Congress could be spending our valuable time is  discussing solutions for the cost of prescriptions and pharmaceuticals.  There is bipartisan consensus that we could cap out-of-pocket costs for  our seniors in Medicare part D. This is a policy that we can and should  draft together. In fact, we had a bipartisan Committee on Energy and  Commerce and Committee on Ways and Means request for information on the  topic of restructuring part D last May.   If we work together in a thoughtful, bipartisan, bicameral manner on  restructuring the part D benefit, the President would sign that  legislation. He has even said that is a top priority. And our  constituents would see lower out-of-pocket drug costs.   But what do we get? We get H.R. 3, Speaker Pelosi's partisan drug  pricing bill, which sidelines achievable drug pricing policies that  were in the works prior to the release of H.R. 3.   Additionally, last week marked the 1-year anniversary of President  Trump's signing the SUPPORT Act into law. This legislation provides  realistic solutions that span the breadth of the opiate crisis, from  prevention and treatment to education and enforcement. This legislation  will improve treatment for those with substance use disorders, fight  deadly fentanyl, bolster the efforts of our agents at the international  mail facilities, and provide vital resources for new and innovative  alternatives for the treatment of pain. In a time when our country  seems so divided, Congress was able to put political differences aside  and put patients first to find solutions to address this crisis.   As it stands now, the SUPPORT Act is another tool in the toolbox for  communities and Federal agencies to successfully combat the opioid  epidemic. We could be having discussions on how to build on that  success and ensure timely and effective implementation of the SUPPORT  Act so we could continue to help those affected by the more than 130  American overdose deaths each and every day. Instead, we are spending  our time considering a nonurgent, nonbinding resolution.   American consumers are concerned about their online privacy. The  passage of California's Consumer Privacy Act has led to a patchwork of  State privacy laws that do not reflect the reality that the internet  doesn't know State lines.   We need one national standard, perhaps consider Federal preemption,  and promote a cross-border data flow as American businesses seek to do  business at home and abroad. You could even argue that e-commerce is  the reason that the Founders drafted the Commerce Clause in the first  place.   Again, Republicans stand ready to work with Democrats, but we have  not been invited to engage in any substantive discussions.   Congress also could pass and, in fact, must pass the United States- Mexico-Canada Agreement on trade, the USMCA. This was negotiated to  replace the North American Free Trade Agreement. This agreement is  possibly the most impactful policy that Congress could pass this year.   The administration has negotiated with Canada and Mexico over the  past 2 years to produce the best trade deal possible. The USMCA  increases market access for American exports. It levels the playing  field for the American worker and brings important intellectual  property protections into the 21st century.   Millions of jobs and billions of dollars' worth of trade are waiting  on the passage of this bill. If Speaker Pelosi brought the USMCA to the  floor today, it would pass before the week was out. Unfortunately, the  Democratic majority is slow-walking this USMCA and doing harm to our  Nation's farmers, workers, and small businesses. There is no reason to  continue to delay a vote on this agreement.   In addition, securing the USMCA would give the United States  additional authority with the ongoing negotiations with China.   Providing full appropriations for the Federal Government, addressing  the humanitarian and security crisis at our southern border, working to  lower prescription drug prices and provide continued support to combat  the opioid epidemic, negotiating a strong Federal privacy law, and  passing the USMCA are all urgent policy priorities that could receive  bipartisan support. And yet, we are delaying action on these necessary  measures to consider a nonurgent, nonbinding resolution that simply  reaffirms what has remained clear United States policy regarding  Armenia.   I hope my fellow Democrats on the Rules Committee and in the House of  Representatives will soon prioritize legislation that will help the  American people. I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, Republicans will  amend the rule to suspend the ongoing impeachment inquiry until we  achieve operational control of our southern border.   As I previously stated, we are experiencing a humanitarian and  security crisis on the southern border. In August, Customs and Border  Protection apprehended over 64,000 individuals who lacked legal  documentation to enter this country. Apprehensions are on track to  reach over 1 million individuals attempting to cross into the United  States along our southern border this fiscal year.    The House should prioritize securing our southern border and stemming  the flow of irregular migration over a politically motivated  impeachment inquiry. Until operation of the border control is achieved,  the House should suspend the impeachment inquiry.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Mr. Speaker, I would just point out that this Congress has acted on  this in the past. H.J. Res. 148 passed in the 94th Congress. A joint  resolution to designate April 24, 1975, as a National Day of  Remembrance of Man's Inhumanity to Man passed the House April 8, 1975.   And then again, H.J. Res. 247 from the 98th Congress, a joint  resolution to designate April 24 as a National Day of Remembrance of  Man's Inhumanity to Man, passed the House 10 September 1984.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I also would like to point out that the gentleman had  said that he did not want to see this issue politicized. I would just  simply note that this resolution could have been brought to the floor  under suspension of the rules and likely passed with a large bipartisan  majority under suspension of the rules.   The difficulty that I have today is that we are spending the time on  a rule bill for this bill that would have passed under suspension when  we, in fact, have some pretty important things out there hanging over  us.   One of those things, of course, is funding the entire Federal  Government so we don't end up in another government shutdown, and the  other is to somehow resolve this question of impeachment that has  bogged down this body for months, if not years.   Mr. Speaker, as I previously outlined, there are other important,  time-sensitive priorities. Once again, we have 11 legislative days  remaining before the continuing resolution expires. In place of a  nonurgent, nonbinding resolution, we could be finding a way to ensure  that our government remains open and that Americans continue to receive  the Federal benefits, services, and paychecks on which they depend.   I ask my fellow Democrats to prioritize the needs of the American  people, and I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question and ``no'' on  the rule.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   