 I would like to address the Senate for 1 minute as in  morning business.    I hope a lot of Americans have been able to watch on  television what is going on over in Iran right now. I hope Americans  have an opportunity to listen to some Americans of Iranian descent who  are commenting on what is going on over there because, recently,  thousands of Iranians have taken to the streets protesting their  country's corrupt regime. Frustrated by a lack of opportunity and  frustrated by constant political oppression, these largely young and  nonviolent protesters have stood up to say: Enough is enough.   In response to these protesters, we see the regime engaging in a  brutal crackdown, and that crackdown is on a scale not seen since the  1979 revolution, killing hundreds of civilians within the last few  days.   The United States is not an enemy of the Iranian people. In fact,  Americans of all backgrounds can't help but sympathize with these brave  protesters seeking a more prosperous, more responsible Iran and having  the Iran Government give that sort of an environment. We need to tell  the Iranian leaders the world is watching.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, one thing I am always going to  remember about Johnny Isakson is that with every conversation with him,  he always included some words of encouragement for the work that I am  involved in or how we are working together. I think you saw that in his  remarks today, that he wants to encourage all of us. In this town of  Washington, DC, where a lot of people think that they are the most  important person in the room, Johnny Isakson is known instead for his  unassuming manner. He is unfailingly kind and considerate to Senators  and staff alike, and I think I expressed that in my first statement  about his giving encouraging words in almost every conversation one has  with him.    In fact, my staff told me a story wherein Senator Isakson came to the  Senate Committee on Finance when I was previously the chairman, and he  asked to speak to a member of my tax staff. The staff assistant didn't  recognize Senator Isakson. When asked who he was, he simply said,  ``Senator Isakson.'' It was not until after my tax staff came out that  he realized that it was Senator Isakson himself.   Throughout my Senate career, it is safe to say that when it comes to  me, all roads lead to Iowa. For Johnny, it is no exception. Johnny has  close friendships with the famous Knapp family of Des Moines, IA. In  fact, the Knapp family is known all throughout Iowa. Now, you are  probably thinking: How in the world does a southern boy from Georgia  get acquainted with Iowans? Well, for Johnny, a common answer is the  golf course. That is where he first became friends with the Knapp  brothers, Paul and Bill. In fact, Johnny delivered the eulogy at Paul's  funeral in 2008. Paul and Carol, his wife, were friends of the Isaksons  for more than two decades. Bill, Paul's brother, is a senior statesman  of the Democratic Party of Iowa. Partisan glasses will not fool  commonsense Iowans, particularly when it comes to Johnny's charm and  heart. Johnny reminds me that he was the first Republican who Bill  Knapp ever supported.   I guess, Johnny, you beat me to the punch on that one.   Johnny said today that Iowa produces some of the finest people he  knows, but I say today that Georgia produces very fine people as well.  At the top of my list is Johnny Isakson.   Johnny brings a smile to each person he encounters when he walks the  halls of the Senate. As a result, he will be greatly missed by  everyone. That includes me and our fellow colleagues. It also includes  a lot of people who don't get much attention around the Senate, the  young staffers who answer the phones and the support staff who do  things like cleaning the bathrooms. Johnny is always interested in how  you are doing and has a word of encouragement to share, the same sort  of encouragement he gives me in every conversation.   We have heard it before, but I haven't said it; he is a workhorse,  not a show horse. No one can doubt Johnny Isakson's dedication to the  people of Georgia and the United States, not to mention our country's  veterans, where he has worked very hard as a member of that committee  and as the chairman of that committee to bring justice to our veterans  and to keep our promises to those veterans.   Johnny Isakson is a true public servant. I am proud to have served  with him, and I am proud of the work he has done on the Committee on  Finance, which I chair.   Now, Johnny, I am sorry to see you go, but I wish you and Dianne,  your wife, the best as you step back from public life.   I yield the floor.   