 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New  York, our appropriations chairman, for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3055. As the chairman of the  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee, I am pleased to highlight the  national priorities that are funded in this bill.    First, I would like to thank our ranking member, Mr. Fortenberry. He  shares a deep passion for rural and farm communities that he so  eloquently communicates often through stories of his childhood and his  family. It has been a true pleasure to get to know Mr. Fortenberry  better during this process. We have had many frank discussions about  the priorities in our bill, and he has made it very easy to continue  the bipartisan spirit of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and  Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.   I also want to thank the members of the subcommittee, both majority  and minority, for a thoughtful and collaborative effort. None of this,  of course, would be possible without the outstanding work of the  subcommittee and full committee staffs, and our personal staffs, so I  give accolades to all of them.   Few people may recognize the far-reaching jurisdiction of the  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee, from food safety and agriculture  research to rural development and nutrition assistance. The programs in  this division touch the lives of every citizen on a daily basis.   We rejected the administration's draconian cuts to programs that  assist our rural communities and our vulnerable populations. The FY  2020 allocation for the agriculture bill is 4 percent above the FY 2019  enacted level and more than $5.1 billion above the budget request,  totaling $24.3 billion.   There is over $38 billion in loans and grants for rural housing,  community facilities, and water and wastewater infrastructure,  including $680 million for broadband programs to continue bridging the  digital divide between urban and rural America.   Additionally, during a time of great uncertainty due to tariffs, low  commodity prices, and natural disasters, this bill provides $1.8  billion for farm programs, including $30 million to assist the  implementation of the 2018 farm bill. It also prohibits the closure of  county-level Farm Service Agency offices to ensure that our farmers,  ranchers, and producers receive high quality customer service.   The bill includes $829 million for the Natural Resources Conservation  Service to maintain its core conservation mission. There is almost $167  million for infrastructure, for watershed and flood prevention, and  watershed rehabilitation projects.   The bill provides $3.3 billion for agriculture research to ensure  America retains its role as the leader of global agriculture science.   In addition, to protect the integrity of two of USDA's premier  research agencies, the bill prohibits the use of funds for any  relocation costs associated with USDA's proposal to move the Economic  Research Service and the National Institute of Food and Agriculture  outside of the national capital region.   We held a hearing at which four former senior officials from both  parties with 70 years of combined experience at the two agencies  expressed their deep opposition to this proposal. Countless other  stakeholders wrote, called, and emailed their opposition, including the  National Farmers Union, the Association of American Veterinary  Colleges, the American Statistical Association, the National Coalition  for Food and Agriculture Research, 104 agriculture science and food- related organizations, 24 university departments of agriculture and/or  economics, 37 deans and provosts of university ag departments, and more  than 1,500 individual scientists from 47 States.   The bill also rejects the proposed elimination of the Food for Peace  and McGovern-Dole programs, and it provides increases for both of these  programs. These programs send American commodities all over the world  to address global hunger and are an essential tool for diplomacy.   The bill fully funds the SNAP and the WIC programs to meet expected  participation in FY 2020. The bill provides $10 million for school  breakfast expansion grants--the first time this program has been funded  since 2012--and it funds the Summer EBT program at $50 million--a $22  million increase.   For the Food and Drug Administration, the bill provides $3.26 billion  in discretionary funding, which is $185 million above FY 19. Increased  funding is dedicated to fighting rare cancers, laying the foundation  for more efficient generic drug reviews, improving our response to  foodborne illness outbreaks, and the continued implementation of the  Food Safety and Modernization Act.    The bill funds the Commodity Futures Trading  Commission at $315 million, a historic, necessary, and long overdue  increase.   I am pleased that this bill provides funding for several new programs  that were authorized in the 2018 farm bill, such as the 1890s  scholarship program, the Local Agriculture Market Program, and the  Farming Opportunities Training and Outreach Program, to name a few.   I am pleased to say the bill makes significant investments in both  Tribal communities and the U.S. territories.   In developing the bill, we tried to be responsive to as many Member  requests as possible, and I am proud of the bipartisan bill we have  produced.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues in this House to support it. It is  a good bill.   