 Madam President, I rise in recognition of a friend and  colleague, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, on this special occasion of his  250th speech in his ``Time to Wake up'' series, a series of speeches,  as far as I know, unparalleled in the history of the Senate for  addressing a major national issue, a major world issue--the issue of  carbon pollution and climate chaos.   As we take in a breath of air at this very moment, when you are  sitting on the dais or at one of the desks or sitting on the benches,  that breath of air contains air very different from the air when I was  born. The air contains 33 percent more carbon. This has never happened  over the lifetime of any individual in the history of the human species  on this planet, and it means big changes because every molecule of  carbon is grabbing heat and holding on to it.   Out in Oregon that means there are warmer winters, which is wonderful  for the pine beetles and bad for the pine trees. It means there is a  smaller snowpack that melts earlier, on average, resulting in less  irrigation water for our farmers and ranchers. It also means less  healthy streams for salmon and trout. It means that a lot of the carbon  will be absorbed into the ocean and become carbonic acid, and now we  have to artificially buffer the Pacific Ocean seawater in order for  baby oysters to survive.   The list goes on, but the point is that these changes are happening  not just in my State but all over our country, and not just in our  country but all over the world. Most of these changes have manifested  themselves within the last 10 years, that is, when we actually see what  is happening. Just a couple of years ago, the sea stars off the coast  of Oregon started dying, and off the coast of Washington and off the  coast of California. In fact, in some areas they have been completely  wiped out. The result of that is that the blue sea urchins have  exploded without the sea stars to eat them. The result of that is the  rapid disappearance of big kelp forests that harbor thousands of  species. Who knows what impact that will have on  [[Page S5044]]  the chain of life in the ocean or on the fisheries that are such an  important part of our economy. In place after place, effect after  effect, effects can be measured with a thermometer or with litmus paper  for acidity or with a ruler--effects that can be seen by our ranchers,  farmers, fishermen, and the forests and timber economy; effects that  are felt by the 180 million Americans who suffered through an  extraordinary heat wave in what is now expected to be the hottest month  in human recorded history, this July.   So we face a huge challenge, but we cannot respond by saying: Oh, my  goodness, it is overwhelming. I want to ignore it. Or it is such a  large challenge that I cannot make a difference.   Instead, we have to increase our attention. We have to increase our  efforts. We have to drive a faster transition off of fossil fuels that  are creating the carbon to renewable fuels, and, in so doing, create  millions of jobs and make sure they are good-paying jobs, and have a  race to the top with project labor agreements and with good family  wages and benefits. We need to make sure that we move forward in a  fashion that puts jobs in places where they are needed, including in  our frontline communities, in our frontier communities, as I like to  call them, and in rural parts of Oregon, in our rural communities, in  our former fossil fuel communities. Our former fossil fuel workers who  did the hard work, took the risks, and suffered black lung should be  first in line for new energy jobs in our economy.   But we have no time to wait. This needs to be bipartisan. This is not  blue or red. This is planet Earth. We are all on it together. We are  all on this little remote planet, a long distance to our next planet, a  long distance between our star and the next star. There are an  estimated 2 trillion galaxies in the universe with perhaps a billion  stars each, but all we have is our little blue-green orb. So let's save  it.   Can human civilization rise to the task? That hangs in the balance.  We are not doing very well so far.   But my colleague from Rhode Island has given his attention to this  analysis, bringing everything to bear, saying: Pay attention and work  hard. So I applaud him and thank him for his weekly speeches and his  efforts to understand and establish a momentum around a solution and  applaud him in this very robust form of leadership on such an important  undertaking.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my fellow,  Dan Becerra, have privileges of the floor for the balance of his  fellowship and that Luchanna Sagoo, my intern, have privileges for the  balance of the day.   