 Mr. President, I honor the life and legacy of the late  Senator Richard Lugar.   My colleagues and I in the Senate were deeply saddened to hear of the  passing of our dear colleague and friend. His selfless service and  tireless dedication to the State of Indiana and to this Nation inspired  many to follow in his footsteps and govern using his principled  commitment to the rule of law and desire for constructive compromise.   From an early age, Senator Lugar understood the value of hard work  and dedication to what was important. He became an Eagle Scout and was  the valedictorian of his classes in both high school and college. He  was later a Rhodes Scholar at the prestigious University of Oxford in  England. Senator Lugar's commitment to his education served him very  well later in his career as a distinguished statesman.   As a fellow Eagle Scout, Senator Lugar knew that the knowledge and  skills gained in Scouting always had a use and were a central part of  the Boy Scout motto ``Be prepared.'' He learned early on the importance  of core Scouting values, such as trust, loyalty, courtesy, reverence,  and the rest. He displayed these values not only in his nearly four  decades-long career in the Senate but also as a loving husband and  father to Charlene, his wife, and their four sons.   These critical skills also served him well as the mayor of  Indianapolis. As a former mayor myself, I know the need for every  citizen to play an active role in the day-to-day lives of their towns  and cities. Senator Lugar understood this, too, and the value in  working together to make our cities, States, and Nation better places.  As mayor, he envisioned the unification of the city of Indianapolis  with the surrounding Marion County, and he did it. He ushered in  steady, uninterrupted economic growth for that region.   In a nearly four decades-long career in the Senate, it is difficult  to pinpoint Senator Lugar's greatest achievements. However, I think it  is safe to say that some of his most important work came as chairman or  ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Under his  steady leadership and acute attention to detail, the committee  considered critical issues at a milestone in the future of world  diplomacy and democracy.   Senator Lugar's contributions were instrumental in, as its name  suggests, the formation of the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction  Program in 1991, which was intended to dismantle nuclear warheads at  the close of the Cold War. This program was enacted at a critical  moment in the Soviet Union's dissolvent. If action had not been taken  by Congress at this important juncture, dangerous nuclear weapons from  the former Soviet Union could have been at risk of falling into the  wrong hands.   These efforts laid the groundwork for the implementation of future  programs that have been responsible for dismantling hundreds of nuclear  warheads, biological weapons, and dangerous missiles. Quite simply,  Senator Lugar's work changed the course of history--toward a safer  world for the generations that followed.   I had the honor of working with Senator Lugar when I was on the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. He was instrumental  in the origination and legislation of President Bush's program, named  the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, or PEPFAR for short.  PEPFAR was life-changing legislation for those stricken with  potentially fatal diseases like HIV and AIDS, tuberculosis, and  malaria. Unlike many foreign assistance programs that do not impact  those directly on the ground, PEPFAR taught people how to avoid  contracting the HIV/AIDS disease and provided countries with the  ability to care for their citizens who were already infected.   Senator Lugar was also a committed man of faith. As a member of the  United Methodist Church, his moral compass was guided strongly by his  faith. He was always one to do what he thought was right rather than  what was the easiest.   The United States is a better place because of Senator Lugar's  tireless service and commitment to what is right. I and Diana, my wife,  send our deepest condolences to his loved ones and know he will find  eternal peace and happiness in knowing he had a profound effect on all  who knew him as a colleague, as a father, and as a friend.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   