 Mr. Speaker, did the gentleman from Kentucky make a  request for a recorded vote, because it is our understanding that he  did make that request?    But if the Speaker didn't hear the gentleman make the  request, but the gentleman did, in fact, make the request, then can we  reconsider the vote?    Then a parliamentary inquiry would be: Can we make a  motion to reconsider?    So is the Speaker saying that that motion would not be  in order?    Yes.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reconsider the  motion that was laid on the table on H.J. Res. 28.    Mr. Speaker, I am not sure if that is a formal  objection, the way it was stated. I would ask a parliamentary inquiry.    Is there any formal motion that would be in order that  would allow reconsideration of the vote on H.J. Res. 28?    Well, then, Mr. Speaker, is there any procedural motion  that doesn't require unanimous consent that would be in order to  request the Chair to reconsider H.J. Res. 28?    I would yield the Chair as much time as possible to get  an answer on that parliamentary inquiry.    I seek recognition to see if there was an answer to the  parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, that recognition was sought.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reconsider the  vote by which H.J. Res. 28 was passed.    I appreciate the gentleman yielding, and I appreciate  the fact that now there are a lot of Members who have left the Chamber.   But, at the same time, the gentleman from Kentucky did stand and ask  for a recorded vote. Whether or not it was heard or not, we will,  obviously, have to watch the tape. But it is an important piece of  legislation that Members, I am sure, from both parties would like to be  recorded on, not just to have a voice vote, which we are opposed to  because it didn't reopen the government with border security, and,  obviously, we are in the middle of negotiations that we are trying to  resolve on that.   However, there would be a motion that, I believe, Mr. Speaker, would  be in order that would resolve this for the time being while we make  sure that everybody has got the opportunity to be back for the vote,  and that would be to ask unanimous consent to vacate the previous vote  and postpone reconsideration until we return next week.    So do we.    If the gentleman will yield, we would have heard you and  allowed the vote when we were in the majority, and we did, in fact,  allow all of those votes.    Will the gentleman yield on that point?    Clearly, there are Members who have left. Clearly, there  are Members who are here. We can compel Members to return if, in fact,  it is agreed to, to have the vote now.   But if it is not agreed to, to have the vote now, we do have, within  our purview, within the rules, the ability to delay the vote until  Members can come back that are not here. So for those of us who are  here and want the vote, and for those who have left who would also like  that vote, the majority does have it within their purview to work with  us to agree by unanimous consent to vacate the previous vote and then  bring it back for a vote on the House floor when everybody can come  back.   And I do want to bring up that the majority leader made reference to  the minority leader in terms of what we have been working with the  White House on. The President has made it clear that he wants to  negotiate, and the President has also made it clear what he is willing  to sign and not sign.    I would ask the gentleman to yield. There would be an  opportunity for you to do, in fact, that, and that would be a motion to  vacate the previous vote and postpone reconsideration until next week  so that Members could be here and actually cast that vote in the  Chamber when everybody is back. That motion is in order. If the  gentleman would not object to it, we could actually achieve that.    Mr. Speaker, reserving the right to object, I first want  to thank the gentleman from Maryland for working with us, and I  especially want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Butterfield) for his fairness.   Obviously, emotions ran high as the vote was moved through without a  recorded vote. And for our Members who want that recorded vote, maybe  on both sides that want a recorded vote, I made parliamentary inquiries  to the Chair. I made motions as well. Some were in order, some were out  of order. But every request I made of the Speaker pro tempore to  provide that direction on what was in order for motions to make, the  Speaker pro tempore was incredibly fair in those deliberations.   I want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina for that fairness.  I am glad I never had to go before you as a judge in those days, but I  respect your friendship and your fairness, as well as the fairness to  the gentleman from Maryland.   I do recall a number of occasions when we were in the majority where  there were times where maybe a Member wasn't recorded on a vote. They  might have just gotten in as the vote was closed and wanted to have  reconsideration, and, after conversation, it is always the right thing  to do to make sure that these proceedings go in accordance with the  requests of the Members to be recorded, whether we win or lose.   Maybe over the weekend I will have the opportunity to whip some more  votes, and we might prevail, but at least to have that opportunity to  vote.     Mr. Speaker, I don't want to get too carried away, but I  appreciate that we were able to resolve this. And, again, I know  tensions got a little heated because these are important issues. We  want to get a resolution to get the government back opened.   Obviously, we have some disagreement over the border security  component of these negotiations, and we will keep these negotiations  going forward and hopefully get a resolution as quickly as possible.   But, in the meantime, to be able to get that recorded vote on H.J.  Res. 28 when we return and when all Members return, I think, is the  right thing to do, and I commend the majority leader as well as the  Speaker pro tempore for providing that opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of objection.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   