 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished  gentlewoman for yielding time to me on this important piece of  legislation.   It should come as no surprise to anyone in this Chamber that  technology is integrated into every facet of our daily lives. We have  come a long way since the bill that established the role of the Federal  Chief Information Officer, the E-Government Act, was originally passed.   Less than 50 percent of the U.S. population had home access to the  internet in 2001 when this was first passed. Now, nearly every American  has access to the internet.   Just 62 percent of Americans had cell phones when the original bill  was passed. Now, 95 percent of Americans own cell phones, and 77  percent of those are smartphones.   Mobile apps were nonexistent in 2002. Today, over 2.2 million apps  are available to consumers.   This bill recognizes how far technology has come. It codifies the  position of the Federal Chief Information Officer and elevates the  office to report directly to the head of the Office of Management and  Budget.   The bill also establishes the role of the Federal Chief Information  Security Officer, FCISO, who reports directly to the Federal CIO and  will lead OMB cybersecurity efforts.   Empowering CIOs at the Federal agencies is consistent with the  principles of one of the signature pieces of legislation on IT reform,  the Federal IT Acquisition and Reform Act. The Federal CIO should be  treated no differently. The Federal CIO must have the statutory and  organizational authority to succeed, and this bill achieves just that.   The bill does more than just rename the office. It makes a clear  statement that the Federal CIO is in charge of coordinating IT policy  across the government.   This bill passed the House last Congress by a vote of 391-0, and I  want to thank my friends--Representatives Robin Kelly, Mark Meadows,  and Gerry Connolly--for their continued support for this important  initiative. And I would like to thank Chairman Cummings and Ranking  Member Jordan for making sure this important piece of legislation comes  to the floor.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   