 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett), my friend, for once again being here for  this Special Order hour.   I first want to offer my condolences to Mrs. Maya Rockeymoore  Cummings and her family on this immense loss.   I rise to honor a true American hero, Congressman Elijah Eugene  Cummings, a strong man, a serious man, a man that was about the  business of this Nation. Irrespective of whether it was on the streets  of Baltimore or in the halls of Congress, he never wavered in his  plight to make sure that the American people had the opportunities that  everyone--everyone--should be afforded in this great Nation.   It is difficult to state just how immense this loss is to the people  of his district, the State of Maryland, and the entire Nation.  Congressman Cummings was a dedicated public servant who represented  Maryland's Seventh District with honor and distinction for 23 years.  But he was so much more than that. He was an icon, a leader, a  statesman, a patriot, and the embodiment of the American Dream.   Yet, the real legacy of Congressman Cummings was his connection to  the people of his district. It was quite common to find him at the  corner grocery store, neighborhood church, and any other number of  community functions. It gave him a level of respect that made him  beloved in his district.   The esteemed congressman, John Lewis, once said of Mr. Cummings:  ``There was no greater friend to the poor, to the lost, to the left out  and the left behind than Representative Cummings.'' Never have truer  words been spoken about anyone. He was a great man, congressman, and  most of all, a great American.   We had some of the same medical issues, so we spent many evenings on  the phone talking him through what the next step would be in the  process. And he said to me one day, he said, ``Payne, I am scared.''  But he wasn't just scared about his health issues, he was scared about  the direction that this Nation was going in. And to his very last  existence, he was concerned about the people in his district and this  country.   Mr. Speaker, I will miss him dearly. This Nation will miss him.   