 Madam President, there are certain elements of this  responsibility of serving in the Senate that have been tested from time  to time in our history.   As Members of the Senate, each of us stands in the well right over in  that corner, raises our right hand, and swears to uphold and defend the  Constitution of the United States. Those words are almost a cliche  because they are used so often. Yet here today we are being called on  to really reflect on that responsibility. We are called on to reflect  on it because of things that have happened that have come to light in  the last several days that raise serious constitutional questions.   I will say that in the 2\1/2\ to 3 years that Donald Trump has been  President of the United States, I think our Nation has been rocked by  this President's approach to the highest office in the land. He has  said things and done things no other President has ever done.   Members of his own political party have been uncharacteristically  silent when it comes to criticizing this President for his wrongdoing.  The litany of things he has done is long and troubling. But there is  one thing that we, as both political parties, need to maintain as the  bedrock of this democracy, the bedrock of our commitment to this  Constitution; that is, that in this Nation of the United States, the  people govern.   Ultimately, the people of the United States have the last word--in  our elections. In those elections, they make their choices, whether you  like them or not. I wasn't particularly enamored with the Presidential  choice in 2016, but I accepted it as the constitutional verdict of the  American people. It really is the bedrock of who we are and what we  are. That is why the notion that some other nation would interfere in  our election is so repugnant.   The thought that the American people would not have the last word,  that there would be other factors and other people, other countries  engaged in our election, is as reprehensible under our Constitution as  any concept I can think of.   We are sworn to defend the Constitution of the United States against  all enemies, foreign and domestic--another group of words we have heard  over and over again. But reflecting on those for a moment--sworn to  defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies,  foreign and domestic--is a nation that tries to interfere in our  political process an enemy of the United States? Of course. That is  obvious on its face. Those who would encourage a nation to be engaged  in our political process, to try to tip the scales one way or the  other, are they enemies of the United States? Well, they are certainly  not acting consistent with that constitutional principle.   This seems like a pretty straightforward constitutional  interpretation. You don't need a Ph.D. or a law degree to understand,  if a foreign country tries to interfere in the U.S. election process,  that foreign country is an enemy in that action. Those who would  encourage a foreign country or foreign agents to engage in our  election, they, too, have crossed the line.   As I consider the revelations that President Trump is using his  office to extort Ukraine to support his political reelection campaign,  I wonder why there is so much silence on the other side of the aisle.  This is an outrageous development.   Months before the 2016 election, our Nation's top intelligence  officials told key congressional leaders about the efforts of Russia to  interfere in the 2016 election, the election where the American people  were choosing the President. Our top intelligence officials were  understandably concerned. At that time, President Obama asked our  congressional leaders for a bipartisan message condemning Vladimir  Putin's efforts on behalf of Russia. President Obama wanted to make  sure it was bipartisan before that 2016 election and showed a unified  resistance to the interference by any foreign country in America's  election process.   What was the response of the Republican majority leader, Senator  McConnell, after hearing this bombshell, this threat from a former  Communist KGB official, Vladimir Putin, against America's democratic  process of election? He answered that he didn't want to get involved,  and he didn't.   Then, for months after the election, not a single Republican Senator  spoke on the Senate floor about the mounting and devastating evidence  of Russia's attack on our election in 2016. I know that, personally,  because the first casualty in that attack was the voter file of my  State of Illinois. The Russians found a way, through their trolls, to  get into the voter file of my home State, into the voting records of  70,000 or more Americans who live in Illinois. What did they do with  that information? It appears little or nothing, but they could have  changed it, and they could have had a dramatic impact on the right of  these American citizens to make their legitimate constitutional choice  in the election.   For months, the silence was deafening as well, as President Trump  defended Vladimir Putin's brazen denials of these attacks. President  Trump took the word of Vladimir Putin over that of his own American  intelligence professionals. Senate Republicans blocked election  security measure after election security measure, and despite finally  relenting last week when Senator McConnell said we could come up with  $250 million for election security grants, they still continue to block  substantive legislation, despite ongoing attacks and U.S.  vulnerability.   The country spent much of the Trump Presidency asking serious,  necessary questions about Candidate  [[Page S5639]]  Trump's open solicitation of Russian help in his Presidential campaign  and if such cooperation actually ran deeper. While unable to establish  a formal conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russians, in  nearly 200 pages, the Mueller report described ``numerous links between  the Russian government and the Trump Campaign.''   The Mueller report also laid out, in detail, how the Russians  brazenly and systematically interfered in our election in 2016 and  tried to shape the outcome. You would think that after such a sobering  set of findings, any American President would take the matter seriously  and reassure the Nation that he really does put America, not a foreign  power, first when it comes to our electoral process, but, no, shortly  after the Mueller report was released, President Trump told ABC's  George Stephanopoulos he would still accept a foreign government's  offer to share damaging information about a political rival, echoing  similar remarks he made in his original Presidential campaign.   In short, President Trump learned nothing from the experience of the  2016 election. The silence of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle seems to indicate the same.   Now we have reports that President Trump is at it again, trying to  strong-arm the leader of Ukraine to join him in attacking one of  President Trump's political rivals, Joe Biden. It is not to advance  American interests, not to serve the American people, not to help an  ally in Ukraine, not to uphold American values but to serve the  President's own reelection campaign interest.   Last week, I offered an amendment in the Appropriations Committee to  address $250 million which had been appropriated by Congress to help  protect Ukraine from Russian aggression and was never released. Last  Thursday, I had this amendment coming before the committee, and it  basically said to the administration: If you don't release the money we  have appropriated, you are going to pay a price for it.   Occasionally, that is all you can do as a Member of Congress to get  money spent that was appropriated and approved by the President. It was  a curiosity. Why in the world were we holding back $250 million that  was supposed to help the Ukrainian people stop the aggression of  Vladimir Putin?   I went to the committee hearing on Thursday morning. Before it  started, one of my staff members said: Oh, the Trump administration  released the money last night.   Last night? Why did they wait until 2 weeks before the end of the  fiscal year to release the money?   Oh, they were reviewing this to determine whether there was any  problem with releasing the money to Ukraine.   It was a curious answer. It didn't make much sense. The President had  signed this appropriations bill.   For months, as President Trump, through his personal attorney Rudy  Giuliani, tried to pressure Ukrainian President Zelensky to further his  political agenda, the money that was supposed to go to Ukraine was  withheld.   We learned in this morning's Washington Post the President had  instructed his Chief of Staff to notify the appropriate agencies to  withhold the money while he bargained with Zelensky over salacious,  negative information about Joseph Biden and his family.    Now we are learning there was a whistleblower complaint, reportedly  about the same issue. Apparently, someone in the administration who  learned what President Trump was trying to do in strong-arming  Ukrainian President Zelensky decided it overstepped the bounds and  needed to be reported on officially. The congressional Intelligence  Committees that get access to the information provided by this  whistleblower are still waiting for that information--information the  Trump-appointed inspector general for the intelligence community,  Michael Atkinson, a Trump appointee, has determined to be credible and  urgent. In other words, something happened at the highest levels of our  government which led a professional in the intelligence agency, the  inspector general, to make a whistleblower complaint for the record.   The law requires that complaint to be shared with committees of  Congress. It wasn't. It turns out that the Attorney General of the  United States, William Barr, may have played some role in diverting  that from its ordinary statutory course. The President may not want  anyone to see it, but the law is clear and must be respected: This  information in the whistleblower complaint must be transmitted to  Congress.   Is there anyone in the Senate, anyone who took the oath to protect  the Nation against enemies foreign and domestic, who thinks any of us,  regardless of political party, should solicit help from a foreign power  to make sure we get elected or reelected?   This abdication of responsibility by the other party is remarkable. I  want to salute one Senator, and I hesitate to mention any direct  reference to him, but one Senator on the Republican side who has spoken  out. He understands the gravity of the situation, the constitutional  issues at stake in this debate, and the fact that, ultimately, history  must stand in judgment of all of us of whether we have spoken up.   If this President of the United States can attempt to extort a  foreign leader to withhold security funds that would have been given by  the United States to his country in order to pursue and promote his own  political agenda, we have reached a new low in the United States. If  this whistleblower's claim goes into detail, it is only right and  appropriate, under the statute, that this information be shared with  the appropriate committees of the U.S. Senate and House. The  whistleblower's claim needs to be released to the appropriate  congressional committees and evaluated according to the law, and  congressional Republicans--House and Senate--need to make it clear once  and for all that no President--not this President, no President--can  solicit or strong-arm a foreign country to further his own campaign.  That is unacceptable under the Constitution of the United States, which  I remind my colleagues we are sworn to uphold and defend.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr.  Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from  Virginia (Mr. Warner), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), and  the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr.  Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Alabama (Mr.  Jones), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.   