 Mr. President, I rise to commemorate the United Nations  Framework Convention on Climate Change 25th Conference of the Parties,  or COP25, which is taking place in Madrid until December 12 this year.  I do so despite the cloud cast by President Trump's announcement of his  intention to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement.   The Paris Agreement is a landmark effort to reduce global greenhouse  gas emissions in an effort to limit the global temperature increase in  this century to 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels while  pursuing means to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees.   The COP meetings now routinely represent the largest multilateral  diplomatic events in the world. This year's conference is designed to  take the next critical steps in the U.N. climate change process.  Following agreements on the implementation guidelines of the Paris  Agreement COP24 in Poland last year, a key objective is to complete  several matters with respect to the full operationalization of the  Paris climate change agreement.   Article 28 of the Paris Agreement specifies that after joining, no  country can withdraw for 3 years, after which a 1-year waiting period  must occur before withdrawal takes effect. The Trump administration  recklessly filed withdrawal documents on November 4, 2019, making  November 4, 2020, the earliest possible date the United States can be  out of the agreement.  [[Page S6882]]    Withdrawal could not come at a costlier time. In an analysis I  requested to review the Federal approach to prioritizing and funding  climate resilience projects that address the Nation's most significant  climate risks, the Government Accountability Office notes that there  were at least 14 disasters whose costs exceeded $1 billion each in 2018  alone.   GAO, an independent, nonpartisan agency that examines how taxpayer  dollars are spent and is known as the congressional watchdog, reported  that the total estimated costs reached at least $91 billion in damage  to public and private property.   ``The cost of recent weather disasters has illustrated the need to  plan for climate change risks and invest in climate resilience,'' the  report says. ``Investing in climate resilience can reduce the need for  far more costly steps in the decades to come.''   The Paris Agreement establishes a global goal on adaptation that  consists of, one, enhancing adaptation capacity; two, strengthening  resilience; and three, reducing vulnerability to climate change in the  context of the temperature goal of the agreement. It aims at  strengthening the national adaptation efforts, including through  support and international cooperation. It recognizes that adaptation is  a global challenge faced by all, including the United States.   Because U.S. withdrawal will not formally take effect until November  4, 2020, the U.S. team's posture at COP25 remains largely unchanged. A  group of dedicated career civil servants will be on the ground.   Moreover, 2 years ago, numerous U.S. States, cities, Tribal nations,  businesses, faith groups, universities, and others enhanced their  presence at major international events, including COP meetings, to  maintain and encourage American progress toward its national climate  goals.   I am proud that nearly 100 Maryland pledgers ``Are Still In.'' They  comprise dozens of businesses--many small. We have over 10 cities, 6  counties, cultural institutions, faith and healthcare organizations, 20  universities, including my alma mater, the University of Maryland  School of Law in Baltimore, and investors, such as the State treasurer  of Maryland. They are all still in.   Members of the Senate ``Are Still In.'' I am proud to be leading 38  of my colleagues in S. Res. 404. This bipartisan resolution expresses  the sense of the Senate that the United States should be working in  cooperation with the international community in continuing to exercise  global leadership to address the causes and effects of climate change.   Prior to that, I led a congressional delegation of 10 Senators to  COP21 that produced the Paris Agreement in 2015. Then the United States  committed to lowering its contribution of greenhouse gas emissions 26  to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.   Business and labor ``are still in.'' In a recent letter, 75 major  CEOs and organized labor that are represented by the AFL-CIO stressed  the importance of the Paris Agreement and the need for the United  States to remain in it. This represents one of the most powerful  recognitions ever from the private sector of the economic risks and  opportunities that climate change presents to the United States and the  world. The December 2, 2019, Joint Labor Union and CEO Statement on the  Paris Agreement comprises a group of CEOs who employ more than 2  million people in the United States and union leaders who represent  more than 12.5 million workers.   In 2009, at the Copenhagen COP 15, the U.S. helped to drive the  creation of goals for developed nations to mobilize $100 billion in  public and private climate finance in 2020. The result was the Green  Climate Fund, which helps to fund climate finance investment in low  emissions, climate-resilient development.   The Paris Agreement affirmed and extended that $100 billion goal.  Although President Trump has stymied its funding, the fiscal year 2020  State Department and Foreign Operations bill the Senate Committee on  Appropriations reported is the most favorable, forward-leaning on  multilateral climate assistance in years, funding renewable energy  programs at $179 million and resiliency programs at $177 million. In  addition, the bill commits $140 million to the Global Environmental  Facility and $10 million to the U.N. climate convention.   We must not forget the cooperation President Trump would have us  forget. On a bipartisan basis, the U.S. Congress has uniformly rejected  the President's repeated calls to zero out climate assistance funding.  This rebuke represents the true, cooperative spirit of our country,  once a global leader on climate issues.   I urge President Trump to reassert our Nation's strong leadership in  implementing the Paris Agreement before the next Conference of the  Parties. In the meantime, I applaud the courage of the general public,  universities, faith-based groups, nonprofits, labor organizations,  private sector companies, and State and local governments that have  helped to step into the void President Trump created by his withdrawal  from this agreement.   I yield the floor.   