 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am glad to be joined by my good colleague  Senator Hawley. He brings incredible depth to the issues we talked  about. He grew up in Lexington, MO, I understand, in smalltown America.  He was educated in some of the best schools in our country and had the  great good fortune to be assigned as a John Roberts law clerk in the  office of another John Roberts law clerk and the good judgment to  convince her to marry him. He and Erin are a valuable asset to our  State. They have two wonderful little boys. I have enjoyed the time we  have had together and look forward to more time with Josh and his  family. He clearly thinks deeply about the issues that affect the  country. He is focused on not only the present but the future. Those  are all good things.    We have jointly had the opportunity to represent a State that is as  diverse as any State in the country. I think a week, a month, a year in  Missouri is probably the closest thing to that same period of time if  you could somehow condense the entire United States into one place,  where sometimes St. Louis is seen as the westernmost eastern city and  Kansas City may be more like Denver than St. Louis. Northern Missouri  is more like Iowa.   I would state to Senator Grassley that when crossing the border  there, you certainly can't tell when you cross from Missouri farmland  into Iowa farmland and the small cities and small towns. The Bootheel,  Delta South in character where Josh and I live in Springfield has that  northwest Arkansas-Oklahoma vitality that is different from anywhere  else in our State. As we travel actively around our State, as we both  do, I think we have a great sense of so much of what happens in the  country. It is still the population center of America, if not the exact  geographic center. Missouri is where the country comes together.   Josh had an opportunity last year to talk to tens of thousands of  Missourians about that and to communicate in other ways with millions  of Missourians about that. I am glad he is here and glad to welcome him  to the work we will be doing together. We won't agree every single day  because if we did, I guess we could have just one Senator and give him  two votes. But it gives us a chance to talk about the issues we face  and what that means for our State but also what it means to the  country.   I am delighted he has committed himself to public service.  Missourians have now elected him to two statewide offices in less than  3 years, and they have expressed that confidence in him.   With great frequency, I run into students both Josh and Erin had when  they were both teaching at the Law School at the University of  Missouri, and they always tell me Erin was the best teacher they ever  had and often tell me Joshua was the best teacher they ever had. They  must not have had a class with Erin yet. But I am delighted that they  are both part of the discussion that will lead America forward. I look  forward to engaging in that discussion with them and partnering in the  things we can find to do together and getting a chance to represent our  strong, unique State that I think is ready to merge into a greater  future, whether that is with all the healthcare and ag research we see  happening, the GEOINT focus that is coming into our State because of  the new NGA, the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency facility being  built there.   This is a time of great opportunity. I am glad to have the chance to  share part of that opportunity and look at that future with my  colleague Josh Hawley and certainly want to join others in welcoming  him officially to the Senate today as he makes his maiden speech to the  Senate.   I yield back.   