 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the New York Times has recently obtained a  secret trove of documents from the highest ranks of the Chinese  Communist Party. Those documents reveal some chilling, terrifying  details about Beijing's campaign to stamp out all dissent and religious  diversity in Xinjiang Province in the north, where the party has  concentrated more than 1 million Uighurs, Kazakhs, and other minorities  in reeducation camps.   These documents bring to mind George Orwell's famous novel ``1984,''  not as the cautionary tale as he meant it, but as an instruction manual  for the totalitarian government in Beijing. This reign of terror began  in 2014, after a string of terror attacks in Xinjiang Province. But  instead of bringing those terrorists to justice, the Chinese Communist  Party used the attacks as an opportunity to eradicate all dissent--all  wrong-think, if you will--from a province with 25 million residents. It  would be as if you tried to turn the State of Texas into a  concentration camp.   These secret documents reveal a stunning order from General Secretary  Xi Jinping. He said, ``We must be as harsh as them and show them  absolutely no mercy.'' So to beat these terrorists, Beijing chose to  adopt the tactics of terror. Every Uighur and dissenter in the province  is suffering as a result.   Secretary Xi tapped one of the most notorious enforcers to execute  this mission, a man named Chen, who climbed the ranks of the Communist  Party first by crushing dissent and religious diversity in the  southwestern Chinese province of Tibet. The techniques that they  perfected in Tibet, the Chinese Communist party took to Xinjiang. They  have turned the province into a garrison state with ruthless and  pitiless competence. Chen's order to the police? ``Round up everyone  who should be rounded up.''   Uighurs, young and old, were loaded on into buses and taken to  concentration camps with thick concrete walls and razor-sharp barbed  wire. The police informed anxious relatives that these were schools and  that their loved ones were being ``reeducated.'' And, no, they were not  free to leave the school, nor would there be any recess or field trips.   A secret manual obtained by Western journalists reveals that these  facilities operate more like maximum security prisons than like  schools. The manual's very first section deals with preventing escapes  through the use of guard posts, patrols, internal separation, video  surveillance, and double locks on dormitory and hallway doors. The  manual even advocates the use of ``secret forces'' to infiltrate the  detainee population to prevent them from joining forces or planning an  escape.   Beijing now holds--let me say it again--more than 1 million people in  these reeducation camps, supposedly for reasons of national security,  but the truth is a lot more chilling. The Chinese Communists, like all  totalitarians, are paranoid about their own survival--and rightly so-- as a conspiracy of greedy, power-mad princelings with no democratic  legitimacy whatsoever.   Like all totalitarian rulers, the Chinese Communist Party is also a  very jealous master. Every attachment, every conviction, every  loyalty--whether to one's family, one's culture, even one's creator-- must be sacrificed on the altar of the Party. According to the Chinese  Communist Party, everything must bow before it, and every tongue must  profess the slogans of Xi and Mao. That means the Uighurs and also  Hongkongers, Tibetans, Taiwanese, and others.   The paranoid Communist Party will not limit itself to one province or  one people, nor will it ultimately limit itself to its own land. It  will extend its tyrannical reach to every corner that it views as its  own, creeping ever outward until it demands the deference of all the  world, until it ``deals with'' the rebellious billions who have not yet  learned to love the Chinese Big Brother.   The Chinese Communist Party is running concentration camps today, but  make no mistake, its appetite for expansion is far greater, its methods  of control applicable to anyone anywhere. The Free World must confront  this threat in plain view and act now to avert such a dark and chilling  future.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I join my colleagues in recognizing  Senator Johnny Isakson for a lifetime of service and achievement, from  the Georgia Air National Guard, to the Georgia Legislature, and finally  to Congress.   Georgians know Johnny as a trailblazer, a proud Republican in a State  that was once solidly Democratic. Americans know him as a friend to  veterans and taxpayers, a strong conservative who loves and fights for  his country. Those of us in this body know Johnny as a leader, a man of  great integrity, and a statesman whose legacy will last a very long  time.   We are sad to see you go, but proud of what you built while you were  here. Thanks, Johnny, for your work on behalf of our country and the  State of Georgia.   