 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their leadership  and vision for leading this effort, under the leadership of  Congresswoman Bass.   I think, as the gentleman from Nevada has demonstrated along with my  other colleague from the great Virgin Islands, they both have shown the  kind of leadership that is extremely essential.   The passing of a civil rights icon like Judge Damon Keith is also a  time to focus on one of his priorities: helping future generations to  succeed. This is also a priority of the members of the Congressional  Black Caucus. Unfortunately, it has not been a priority of the occupant  of the White House.   In August 2016, he asked African Americans: What the hell do you have  to lose? It has been crystal clear in the last few years that African  Americans of all ages have a lot to lose as long as Donald Trump is in  the White House. The latest example of this is the Trump  administration's plan to strip Medicare, food assistance, and other  basics away from hundreds of thousands of working-class Americans.   They are trying to change how the Census measures poverty so they can  count fewer people as poor. As costs go up each year, the fake Trump  poverty line will take basic benefits away: SNAP, WIC, Head Start,  school lunches, legal services, and even tax credits under the  Affordable Care Act that help working people to get healthcare.   It is basically a backdoor tax increase for those who can afford it  least. It is an outrageous sequel to the tax cut that Trump and the  Republicans gave to millionaires and big corporations. It is classic  Trump: Don't actually solve the problem; just pretend that it doesn't  exist anymore.   I stand with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in  opposing the Trump poverty line change. I stand with all of those who  did not inherit millions of dollars from a parent like the President  did.   Let us honor the work of Judge Keith and others like him by renewing  our commitment to help lift our future generations. We can do this by  making college affordable again, raising the minimum wage, and  preserving the safety net. Each of these proposals will go a long way  toward repairing the ladders of opportunity and making this a more just  society.   This dedication today to Justice Damon Keith is our commitment as the  Congressional Black Caucus to raise him up in his legacy that he has  done for all of us in this country.   It is a real honor as one member of this body, the Congressional  Black Caucus, that I stand here today to join my colleagues and show  the kind of support for what Justice Keith demonstrated to all of us.   So I am here to lend my voice, to make it clear that this is not  acceptable, retreating on the people, particularly African Americans.   Since the President made that statement in August of 2016--and he  made it in the city of Philadelphia--it is clear to me that this is not  acceptable. Mr. Speaker, we, as members of the Congressional Black  Caucus, will not stand for this.   