 Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart, but I  still love my country. I rise today, some 48 days now since the Mueller  report was made public, some 48 days for all who have said that the  President should be impeached and that he has broken the law, some 48  days now the President has been above the law--48 days.   But as we continue this journey, let us remember this: There are  still children who have been separated from their parents. Let us  please remember there is a new story today about this separation. Let  us remember separation doesn't always mean that the child was separated  from a mother or a father, but perhaps a grandparent or some other  person who was a significant other in that person's life, somebody whom  the child had some sense of belief in or belonging to.   And let us remember, please, that these children are among the least,  the last, and the lost. These are not persons who were born into  plenty--likely, born into extreme poverty. These are not persons who  were born in the land of liberty and justice for all. These are persons  who are seeking liberty and justice. These are persons who are trying  to flee harm's way. These are babies.   One can only imagine what grief a parent suffers knowing that the  child has been removed from the custody of the parent and is not able  to be reconnected.   Let us just imagine ourselves: What would we do if our child were  taken from us as we were trying to journey toward freedom, if we were  trying to escape harm's way, and when we finally get to a point where  we think that the laws that are applicable would apply to us, our child  was removed from us? What would we do?   This is the United States of America. These laws are in place. Those  who bemoan the fact that people are coming and seeking asylum should  remember that the law allows what they are doing. They are not breaking  the law when they walk up to the border and say, ``I am seeking  asylum,'' when they give the pronouncement as to why and it is an  appropriate pronouncement. That is the law.   And for our President to make this a big issue now, when he had  control of the House, the Senate, and the Presidency and never sought  to change the law, one can believe that this is done with  intentionality to make it an issue such that he can now claim someone  else is responsible.   But the truth is we are all responsible. The truth is every one of  us, myself included, we are all responsible for what is happening to  these babies at the border. This President is willing to raid every  coffer in the country to build a wall, but he is not willing to go into  those coffers to make sure that children are treated fairly at the  border.   I will close with this, my dear friends, my dear brothers and  sisters,  [[Page H4222]]  all of whom I love. I close with this: If these babies and the babies  that were seen on television this morning peering through some sort of  small space were coming from the northern border--if these babies were  coming from the northern borders, if these were babies coming from the  northern border--would we have the same mindset? Would we allow this to  continue with babies?   We are all responsible, and it is time for us to do something about  this crisis at the border--and doing something is more than building a  wall. A wall will not solve the poverty that they are living in in  these other countries, won't solve the persecution that they have to  endure. A wall is not a solution to a humanitarian crisis.   It is time for us to act on the humanitarian crisis at the border and  for this President to lead the way on acting on the crisis at the  border.   I love my country, and I beg that we would do something to end this  crisis.   