 Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle know  that I shy away from sharp partisanship in favor of the negotiation and  compromise required for law to be made.   I marvel every day at how rarely the pragmatic common sense of the  American people is given voice in this Chamber. But, Mr. Speaker, there  are moments for calculation, for prudence, for compromise, for the  careful weighing of competing interests, and there are moments for  clarity and conviction.   This is such a moment. The time has come, Mr. Speaker, for the House  of Representatives to begin an impeachment inquiry into President  Trump. From the moment of his inauguration, this President has shown  contempt for the truth, has attacked our institutions, and has ignored  the Constitution he swore to defend.   He has refused the oversight which is Congress' long-established  right and duty. In recent weeks, he has refused to comply with  subpoenas, he has ordered administration officials to refuse to  testify, and he has asserted executive privilege of unprecedented scope  with respect to attempts to alter the Census.   That we have not slouched closer to autocracy is due to the strength  of the democratic safeguards and protections that we have built and  defended for two-and-a-half centuries. Most Americans sense the danger  and have reacted, most recently, by electing a House of Representatives  with the power and desire to check this President. The President has  persistently refused to acknowledge or acquiesce to that power.   Mr. Speaker, the Framers of the Constitution placed the power of  impeachment, not in the courts, but in the Congress so that this body  might consider not just the facts and the letter of the law, but the  broader interests of the Republic. I have, until now, been conflicted  about those interests.   Impeachment, along with the right to declare war, is the most awesome  power of the Congress. The politics of impeachment are messy and  uncertain and might, in the short run, serve the President's narrow  political interests.   But look at where we are today. Republicans in this Chamber cheer, or  justify, or stand woefully silent in the face of behavior for which  they would have impeached a Democratic President many times over. Our  best and most proven ideas cannot get even a hearing in the United  States Senate. Unless we restore respect for the law, respect for  truth, and respect for common decency, we cannot hope to solve any of  our other pressing problems.   The American people should understand that opening an impeachment  inquiry is not removal of the President. Given the behavior of the  United States Senate, that outcome is probably out of the question. An  impeachment inquiry will be a fair consideration of the facts that the  American people must understand with both sides fairly and openly  represented.   Mr. Speaker, I know that I will be asked if my motive today is to  pressure the Speaker of the House whose leadership of this Congress has  been superb. It is not. She leads us today in the epic mission of  defending our democracy. That mission requires a vigorous debate and  competing ideas, but it also requires care, discipline, and a measure  of deference.   I represent the people of southwestern Connecticut, the Constitution  State. From my house, I can walk to the hill where General Israel  Putnam made a daring escape from the British cavalry in 1779, so that  Americans would never have to answer to a tyrant for their opinions,  politics, or religious beliefs.   Just up the road is the town of Ridgefield where General David  Wooster and 20 young patriots died in April of 1777 so that Americans  would be spared ever living under a capricious and arbitrary power.   Mr. Speaker, there are moments for careful calculation, for weighing  political expediency and conflicting interests, and there are moments  for clarity and conviction. This is that moment.   