 Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise to support  this bill.   On October 10, 2018, my district took a direct hit from Hurricane  Michael, one of the most powerful storms to make landfall in U.S.  history. It slammed into the Florida Panhandle, drove through much of  the Southeast leaving  [[Page H4194]]  a path of destruction all the way up to Virginia. In Georgia, many  producers suffered nearly 100 percent crop losses. Hurricane Michael  killed more than 2 million chickens and devastated the Georgia cotton  crop, which was nearing peak harvest, and was on track to be the best  crop in years. This was the third straight year hurricane damage has  caused significant losses to the pecan, peanut, cotton, vegetable,  landscaping, and agritourism industries.   The Carolinas also suffered billions in damages a month earlier, from  Hurricane Florence. Californians had another devastating fire season,  including both the largest and deadliest fires on record. In Hawaii,  volcanic activity caused pineapple farmers nearly $30M in damages.  Americans in the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa were also  hit by violent cyclones.   To meet these needs, this House passed and sent to the Senate an  emergency supplemental appropriations bill on January 16, 2019 that  allocated $14.17 billion in emergency spending to help families and  communities recover from these hurricanes, wildfires, and other natural  disasters. For agriculture, it provided $3 billion for crop losses,  $150 million for the Rural Community Facilities Program; $480 million  for the Emergency Forest Restoration Program; $125 million for the  Emergency Watershed Program. It provided $600 million in desperately  needed funds to help with Puerto Rico's continued recovery from  Hurricane Maria in 2017. Thanks to my fellow Georgian, Austin Scott,  and the House leadership on a bi-partisan basis for quickly getting  this bill passed.   But as we passed it, the Trump Office of Management and Budget (OMB)  issued a Statement of Administration Policy, saying ``The FEMA's  Disaster Relief Fund (DRF)--a significant mechanism through which the  Federal Government conducts response efforts for major disasters and  emergencies--has sufficient balances to address all immediate threats  to life and property resulting from these recent disasters.''   Meaning: no additional funds were required for disasters.   I strongly disagree, farmers and communities in all the impacted  States and territories disagree, and even the USDA disagrees.   The emergency supplemental appropriations bill was stalled in the  Senate for 4 long months with no action and no relief for Americans who  are suffering. When it finally passed in the Senate on May 23, 2019, I  returned to Washington during recess to ask for unanimous consent for  the House to pass the updated disaster bill. Unfortunately, it was  blocked.   I cannot understand why anyone would play politics when communities  coast to coast and the territories remain in catastrophic hard times.  America's farmers are living through the worst economic crisis in  almost 30 years, driven by low commodity prices, trade war pressures,  and natural disasters. Those impacted have had their patience stretched  thin, and cannot wait any longer for the disaster assistance they were  promised. Right now due to disaster losses, they cannot pay federal  operational loans from last year; nor can they get new loans to plant  and operate this year.   Planting season is now. We are already in the growing season, when  conditions permit normal plant growth. If we miss this window, it will  have long lasting effects on agricultural production including food,  fiber, building materials, and fuel that will increase costs for  American consumers all over this country.   We have entered the 2019 Atlantic hurricane season, which officially  began on June 1, 2019.   Today I am once again supporting an emergency supplemental bill as  more disasters have hit since the last bill passed, the latest being  the terrible floods in the Midwest and the tornadoes that ripped  through Georgia and Alabama. This expanded supplemental bill will  provide for the needs of those who suffered in those disasters.   I will add an additional $5 billion and brings the appropriations  total to $19.1 billion, which would cover all disasters, and get the  much needed funds to those who were so severely devastated by Hurricane  Michael. It will help communities rebuild, assist farmers and rural  communities, provide critical health care, nutritional assistance, and  social services for disaster victims, and repair damaged federal  facilities.   I urge my House and Senate colleagues to support this bill to finally  bring relief to our long-suffering communities.   