 Madam Speaker, as a citizen of the United States of  America, the greatest experiment in democracy that our world has ever  known, as the duly elected U.S. House Representative of my home  communities of the Coachella Valley, San Gorgonio Pass, and the San  Jacinto Pass in California's 36th Congressional District, and as the  father to two young daughters growing up in this great nation, I rise  today in support of impeaching the President of the United States,  Donald J. Trump.   By conditioning $391 million in military aid to a foreign ally on an  investigation into his political rival, Donald Trump abused the power  of the presidency for personal political gain. He then obstructed  Congress in its constitutionally mandated oversight role. In doing so,  President Trump violated our Constitution, compromised our national  security, and undermined the integrity of our democratic process.   This was a principled decision made with great reverence for the  Constitution, in the best interest of our nation, and without partisan  consideration. I was compelled by the overwhelming evidence and the  sacred oath I took to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution-- and by nature, our very democracy.   When Benjamin Franklin was leaving Independence Hall at the close of  the Constitutional Convention in 1787, he was asked whether America  would be a republic or a monarchy, and his response was, ``A republic,  if you can keep it.''   By voting in favor of impeachment today, I am voting to keep it.   Benjamin Franklin and the Founding Fathers envisioned the tragic  scenario we are witnessing at this moment in history: The President of  the United States abusing the power of the office with a foreign  country for personal political gain.   They gave us a constitutional remedy.   They gave us this remedy because the Constitution is not a self- preserving document. It needs people who will protect and defend it.   History must reflect that there are people taking that oath of office  seriously and fighting to keep our Republic intact; that there are  people who are defending the Constitution and fighting for the  integrity of our Democratic process; that there are people who say that  any President--regardless of political party--who abuses the power of  their high office for personal gain will be held accountable.   It is important for me, for my daughters, Sky and Sage, for my  grandchildren, my great grandchildren, and future generations; it is  important for future leaders, future Congresses, and for the historical  record; it is important for the ideals of the Constitution and the core  of our Republic that I solemnly cast my vote today in favor of  impeaching President Donald Trump.   