 Mr. President, I am delighted to join Senator Tester on  the floor as ranking member of the Veterans' Committee, and he and I as  chairman have worked together on many, many issues. And today, we are  glad to come to the floor and tell the Senate how much we appreciate  what they did last night in letting the unanimous consent motion pass  to see to it that the blue water Navy legislation that we worked on for  so many years became effective.   I could take a long time explaining it, but basically it is very  simple. Those who served in Vietnam and represented our country on the  battlefields and at sea have been divided on the benefits they got for  their service. Blue water Navy folks did not get service because it was  not contemplated that they would have Agent Orange exposure by being on  a ship, whereas our veterans who were on the ground got benefits  because they were on the ground, and it was assumed that they did get  exposure to Agent Orange.   The fact of the matter is, sailors on the ships could have been  exposed to Agent Orange. So the veterans on our ships were really as  equal in their opportunity to have gotten exposed to Agent Orange, so  they should be equally open to getting the benefit.   Because of Senator Tester's work, the testament and work of every  member, the committee--I can't name anybody who didn't work on it at  one time or another. Some negative, some positively--but all positive  in the end because we were unanimous.   We passed blue water Navy and put to bed issues that affected our  veterans for a number of years.   I just want to thank Senator Tester immensely for his efforts,  particularly in the end of last year we had a real battle to get it  passed. We thought we had it passed, but we didn't at the last minute.  It ended up in court and finally got a judge to rule our way and the  veterans' way, and yesterday the Senate--by unanimously adopting the  House bill which passed a month ago, the Blue Water Navy benefits are  now available.   So I want to thank Senator Tester, Senator Blumenthal on the other  side, Senator Murray just did a great job. On our side, Senator Boozman  did a great job. The ranking member on our side who is sitting next to  me, Senator Moran, did a great job.   Importantly, I want to talk about the staff for just a minute. Adam  Reece is our new executive director of my staff. He has just done a  great job to get this through.   From my staff, Amanda Maddox has worked hard to make it happen.  Annabell McWherter, Jillian Workman, and Pat McGuigan did extraordinary  work to see to it we got this done at the last minute and got it  through.   So, on behalf of all the staff--for all the staff, minority and  majority--on behalf of our veterans who risked their lives every day  and a day or two after D-day when I happened to be with the President  at Normandy to see the reenactment of that jump, it warms my heart to  know that the Senate today is memorializing benefits that were intended  a long time ago to go to those veterans who now will get it.   I thank everybody who worked on it, and I am encouraged by the  positive vote.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it is said that the quickest route to a  man's heart is through his stomach. I tried to prove that today at  lunch when I supplied barbecue for all the Members of the Senate,  Republican and Democratic.   For the 11th year in a row, I have done that, and I have done it for  a very specific reason. Tonight, when you listen to the news on ABC or  NBC or you read the newspaper, they will talk about a do-nothing  Congress, and they will talk about how we never do anything and we  don't get along and how we don't work, when, in fact, I know, because I  have been here a long time, we work pretty hard. Now, we have a  difficult time getting results sometimes, but that is because the  issues are tough.   When you feed a man barbecue, and you have a tough issue to handle,  you have a chance of getting it done, and tonight we did that.   All but three Members of the Senate were there, stayed the whole  time, and the barbecue was outstanding. I want to pay tribute to the  people from Marietta, GA, my hometown, who drove here for 2 nights and  then cooked all night last night so the barbecue was absolutely fresh  today when the Senate had it.   Dale Thornton is here, and Dale and his wife Tracey have a catering  business called the South 40 Smokehouse in Marietta, GA. If you have  ever eaten good barbecue that has the best rub, the best smoke, best  tenderness, best temperature, South 40 has it. They are fantastic.   Dale has been a good friend of mine for a time and was here last  year, here this year, and has been here many years before, and all I  have had all day long is people coming by and saying: Is there anything  I can do for you? So I want my constituents to know I wasn't wasting my  time eating barbecue. I was gaining good points from my Members so if I  need a vote I can get it. That is not any way of using influence, but  it is a way of using barbecue.   I want to thank Dale and his group, and I want to recognize all of  them by name because I think they are listening at this time: Dale  Thornton, who is the chief pitmaster; Tracey Thornton, who is his  chief, I might add, but she is the chief and brains of the  organization; Charles Wells, retired Fulton County Fire Department;  Chief Todd Houghton, pitmaster and Air Force flight mechanic; Margaret  Houghton; Brian Rule, pitmaster; Jay Tinney, pressmaster; Chuck Taylor,  a 35-year chef; Jeff Carson, 20-year veteran chef; Kell Phelps,  pitmaster; Janet Phelps; and Raylyn Phelps, the daughter.   They drove up here from Marietta, GA, about 700 miles away, to  prepare the best food you ever had to eat. Republicans and Democrats  shared eating it all. We didn't have to do the dishes. So we ate all  the food. We did it so we can take the last half of this year and work  hard for the American people, and I hope a byproduct is our working  together to find solutions for the American people's problems. After  all, our job is not about who has the best food but who has the best  ideas and what is right for the American people, and you can always  find that when you are working together.   I appreciate the time to recognize everybody from South 40. I thank  South 40 for what they did. I thank you all for the barbecue. God bless  all of you, and God bless the United States of America.   