 Mr. President, let me, at the beginning, thank Senator  Carper for his incredible leadership on the Environment and Public  Works Committee. He has a very good bill on cleaning up PFAS. I have  signed on to it, and I am going to talk about some of the damage in New  Mexico. As Senator Carper knows, this is a nationwide problem that the  Department of Defense has major responsibility for.   This is a photograph of Art Schaap at his dairy farm in New Mexico,  where he owns 4,000 head of cattle. Art's farm is located outside of  Clovis, in the central part of the State, adjacent to Cannon Air Force  Base.   Art is a second-generation dairy farmer. He and his family worked  hard to build this dairy, keep his cows healthy, and provide nutritious  milk to New Mexico and the Nation's consumers, but today Art will dump  15,000 gallons of milk. That is enough milk to give 240,000 children a  carton of milk with their school lunch. He will dump another 15,000  gallons tomorrow and the next day and the next day.   Why is Art dumping all of this milk? Because highly toxic  contaminants from Cannon Air Force Base have polluted the groundwater  he uses to water his cows. The groundwater Art uses for his cows and  for his family's drinking water is polluted by a group of toxic  chemicals collectively known as PFAS.   We know PFAS are dangerous to humans. They are associated with  increased risk of liver, testicular, kidney, and pancreatic cancer.  They are linked to altered puberty, endocrine disruption, pregnancy  disorders, and lowered fertility.   Art's dairy is ruined. He can't sell his milk. He can't sell his  cows. He can't sell his property. He is spending thousands of dollars  to maintain his cows and dump milk. In fact, the PFAS levels in Art's  groundwater are 371 times greater than what the Environmental  Protection Agency says is safe.   The Air Force knows it is responsible for this environmental  disaster, but it claims it doesn't have the legal authority to provide  clean water for Art's cows or to reimburse Art for his lost livelihood.   Art is not alone. There are other New Mexico dairies located near  Cannon Air Force Base that are threatened. Those dairies have spent  hundreds of thousands of their own dollars to install water filters to  prevent them from losing their livelihoods.   The Department of Defense has identified over 400 military sites  where PFAS were used. There are over 100 military sites nationwide with  known PFAS contamination. This is a national problem of immense  proportion. Yet this President's EPA refuses to issue drinking water  standards for PFAS. It has issued only an advisory that does not have  the force of law. This President's EPA has failed to even list these  chemicals as hazardous substances eligible for Superfund cleanup. Our  farmers and rural America deserve better--much better.   Although the Air Force claimed it had no authority to provide relief,  the then-head of the Air Force, Secretary Heather Wilson, assured me in  a hearing, under oath, the Air Force would work with me on legislation  to secure that authority for the Air Force. Contrary to that assurance,  the Air Force did not work with us on that legislation. They made it  clear they don't even want the authority to help farmers like Art. So,  in March, I introduced the PFAS Damages Act--along with Senator  Heinrich and Representatives Lujan, Torres Small, and Haaland--to  ensure compensation for those hurt and to make sure those contaminated  sites were cleaned up.   I also joined Senator Carper's bipartisan PFAS Action Act of 2019  that requires EPA to establish PFAS as hazardous substances eligible  for Superfund cleanup funds.   Clean water is not and should not be a partisan issue. New Mexico is  a patriotic State and honors its military bases, but the Department of  Defense caused this contamination and needs to make it right.   Senator Heinrich was able to include our bill as an amendment to the  National Defense Authorization Act that the Senate passed by an  overwhelming margin of 86 to 8 in June. It looked like relief--relief  owed to Art and others unfairly hurt--would be on the way, but 2 days  ago, on Tuesday, the President threatened to veto the entire Defense  bill if it gets to his desk with provisions to help farmers like Art  and to clean up PFAS contamination.   That is a $750 billion bill for national security and defense he is  threatening to veto because it requires cleanup of a known pollutant.  Without a doubt, this is one of the most outrageous veto threats I have  ever witnessed in 30 years in Congress--vetoing the Defense bill over  help for farmers facing ruin? It is shameful. Republican leadership in  the Senate and the House should join us and make it clear to the  President that this is one veto that will be overridden.   On top of all of this, the President is asking the Senate to confirm  Peter Wright, a top lawyer from Dow Chemical--one of the largest  chemical companies in the world and the one that manufactured PFAS--to  run the EPA toxic cleanup office. This nomination is more filling the  swamp by this administration, more foxes guarding the henhouse.   EPA has slow-walked designating PFAS as hazardous substances under  the Superfund Program Mr. Wright wants to oversee. Mr. Wright has  recused himself from matters relating to Dow Chemical and therefore  will provide no leadership on this pressing issue.   The American people deserve a nominee who will clean up current PFAS  contamination and prevent future contamination. Mr. Wright can give no  such assurance, and I will be voting no on his nomination.   I call upon the President to nominate someone who will commit to  tackling this issue with the urgency it deserves and to withdraw his  shocking veto threat so innocent farmers like Art can save their  families' livelihoods.   I yield the floor.   