 Madam President, before I get into my comments on Agent  Orange, I just want to thank Senator Moran and Senator Blumenthal for  leading the charge on making sure that our Olympic athletes are  protected. There are some who say that government has no business in  this realm; I couldn't disagree with them more. The fact is, this is a  wrong that I think Senator Moran and Senator Blumenthal have tried to  right. I just want to thank them for their leadership.    Madam President, I stand here today because the Trump  administration continues to turn its back on our Nation's veterans,  many who are suffering from illnesses relating to Agent Orange.   Agent Orange is a very toxic defoliant that was used in Vietnam.  Everybody who was there was exposed to it because it was used in such  great volume.   By denying eligibility to the folks who have suffered from that  exposure the benefits and care they need, they are not doing right by  our veterans. The fact is, there is no logical reason behind it except  for the fact that they don't want to pay for it. They don't think the  exposure to these toxic chemicals in Vietnam are a cost of war. Well,  they are.   Today, we are telling Acting Chief of Staff and Acting Office of  Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney and other White House  officials to do their jobs and make sure these veterans are taken care  of.   It is time for this White House to do right by the 83,000 veterans-- that is 83,000--who are currently suffering and dying from significant  health conditions associated with Agent Orange exposure. This  administration--the Trump administration--needs to stop ignoring the  overwhelming scientific evidence put forth by medical experts,  scientists, and veterans.   Internal documents obtained by a veteran through the Freedom of  Information Act revealed that in 2017 President Trump's first VA  Secretary, Dr. David Shulkin, tried to do right by these veterans. At  that time, the VA proposed to expand the list of presumptive health  conditions associated with this toxic herbicide to include bladder  cancer, Parkinson's-like symptoms, and hypothyroidism so that these  veterans could become eligible for the benefits they earned if they had  these conditions, but Mick Mulvaney and the White House objected. They  didn't want to spend the money. They said they wanted more studies-- studies that would have effectively run out the clock as more and more  of these veterans suffered and died.   Since then, the National Academy of Medicine found evidence that  hypertension has even greater evidence of association to Agent Orange  exposure than the conditions Dr. Shulkin attempted to address. Yet the  White House still refuses to take care of these veterans. They refuse  to expand the list to include these four conditions: parkinsonism,  bladder cancer, hypertension, and hypothyroidism.   More have suffered and more have died. These are Vietnam veterans who  are in their sixties, seventies, and eighties. But this  administration--the same folks who are quick to beg for nearly $20  billion for an ineffective border wall that Mexico was supposed to pay  for and who are happy to put a $1.5 trillion tax bill on the  government's credit card--refuses to recognize that this is a cost of  war and that they need to do right by the Vietnam veterans--veterans  who have already waited decades for the benefits and the care they  desperately need.   It is pretty simple. Do the right thing. If you claim to be an  advocate for the veterans, no more excuses and end the wait for these  veterans and their families. These veterans and their families have  already sacrificed greatly, and they should not be forced to wait 1  minute longer. This issue needs to be dealt with, and it needs to be  dealt with today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   