 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  I rise in strong support of the rule and resolution to rescind the  President's unnecessary and unconstitutional national emergency  declaration.   Mr. Speaker, having visited the southern border multiple times in the  past year, including just last month when I met with Customs and Border  Patrol officials, I can say without any question that there is no  emergency at the border.   We as a nation face serious challenges in reforming our immigration  system and stemming the flow of illegal drugs into our country.  However, a border wall will do nothing to address these challenges.   Research consistently shows that the vast majority of illegal drugs  coming to this country through the border are smuggled through legal  ports of entry, and most illegal immigration is as a result of people  overstaying their visas.   All this declaration will do is divert $6.7 billion away from  critical military construction projects and drug interdiction  operations, hampering our Nation's military readiness and making it  more difficult to address real challenges. These are funds that would  be better used on projects to improve and build new military family  housing or make improvements to National Guard and Reserve facilities  throughout our country.   Mr. Speaker, we should not be spending a single day wasting time on  this ridiculous, misguided executive order from the President. There is  no emergency at the border. Illegal border crossings are at a 40-year  low. The President's own intelligence community, when they did their  worldwide threat assessment, testified and didn't mention the southern  border--and certainly did not identify it as an emergency.   Instead of wasting time on this, we should be getting back to the  work of driving down prescription drug prices, focusing on rebuilding  the infrastructure of our country, and passing H.R. 1 to get government  working again for the people of this country and not the special  interests.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to approve the rule, vote for the  resolution, and end the President's unconstitutional, excessive use of  power attempting to circumvent the will of the American people.   The American people decide through their elected Members of Congress  how their tax money will be spent. The President is attempting to throw  the Constitution away, circumventing that process, and we cannot permit  that to happen.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   