 Madam Speaker, I include my remarks in favor  of both Articles of Impeachment.   Every Member of Congress swore an oath to uphold and defend the  Constitution, and that oath should be the guide for all of us when  considering articles of impeachment against the President of the United  States. There has been considerable public debate over what constitutes  impeachable offenses; the Constitution names them as `Treason, Bribery,  or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.' Under normal circumstances, the  country could wait until the next election to remove an undesirable  president from office. Issues like the President's Muslim ban,  separating babies from their parents at the border, trying to undermine  access to health care, cutting funding for education, standing in the  way of commonsense gun legislation, or other harmful policy stances are  not impeachable offenses, but issues that will be addressed in the 2020  election. However, our founders included impeachment in the  Constitution for times when an official's conduct was so egregious, we  could not wait for the next election to remove that individual from  office. President Trump's Ukraine scheme was intended to influence the  2020 election to make it an unfair process, and that highlights a key  reason why he must be impeached and removed from office.   Multiple House Committees have conducted extensive investigations  into the President's conduct. The facts are uncontested. President  Trump invited Ukraine to interfere in our next presidential election  and leveraged desperately needed military aid and a high-profile visit  to the White House to promote his scheme. This constitutes an attack on  our electoral system and democracy itself and is a gross abuse of  presidential power. This scheme needs to be viewed in the context of  other actions by this President. The Mueller report found multiple  instances of obstruction of justice committed by the President, and  that obstruction has continued. Furthermore, the President has  continued to violate the Emoluments Clause by profiting from foreign  and domestic business transactions from the moment he took office, and  that violation has continued.   With the Ukraine scheme, the President has admitted in public to  actions that sacrifice national security for his own personal,  political gain and then he insisted that he did nothing wrong. His  ongoing attack of the whistleblower serves to discourage other  whistleblowers from coming forward, his intimidation of witnesses  during impeachment proceedings, his orders to witnesses to ignore  subpoenas, and his invitation to China to meddle in our next election  all indicate that, left unchecked, this President will not cease his  misconduct and will seek to do it again. The President continues to put  his own personal and political gain above the law and his conduct in  these matters constitutes clear abuses of power and an ongoing threat  to our democracy.   If the President had simple acknowledged the basic fact that trying  to sabotage the next presidential election is wrong, and that he would  not continue such behavior, we could be discussing the question of  waiting until the next election to express our views on his conduct. We  would have to discuss the credibility of such a statement, but a  discussion over waiting for the election would be a relevant issue.  However, that is not the case. President Trump continues to obstruct  properly convened investigations and he continues to abuse his power by  trying to undermine the next presidential election.   For all of these reasons, I will vote for both articles of  impeachment.   I came to the 116th Congress to serve the people of Virginia's Third  Congressional District, and to focus on my work as chair of the  Committee on Education and Labor. Committee Democrats have been working  to expand access to the building blocks of a strong middle class--a  quality education, a rewarding job, and affordable health care. The  House has already passed the Raise the Wage Act, the Lower Drug Costs  Now Act, the Paycheck Fairness Act, the Stronger Child Abuse Prevention  and Treatment Act, the Butch Lewis Act, the Dignity in Aging Act, and  the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social Service  Workers Act. The Committee has also approved the College Affordability  Act, the Rebuild America's Schools Act, the Protecting the Right to  Organize (PRO) Act, and other critical legislation awaiting a vote by  the full House. Later this week, the House will ratify the USMCA with  strong labor protections.   However, if we expect our democracy to survive, President Trump's  abuse of power cannot be ignored. No one is above the law.   