 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, next Saturday, June 1, marks the official  start of the Atlantic hurricane season. It is an important reminder for  everyone--from individuals and families to businesses and local  officials--to review preparedness efforts to ensure you are ready for  anything that Mother Nature may throw at you.   There are simple steps, of course, that everybody can take, like  reviewing evacuation routes, signing up for emergency alerts, and  making a family communications plan. This is also a great time to look  at your insurance policies to ensure that you have the right coverage.  This isn't the most fun conversation or topic to talk about at the  dinner table, but in the event of a disaster, these small steps can  make a world of difference.   As we gear up for the 2019 Atlantic hurricane season, I can't help  but think back on the devastation my State saw in 2017 when Hurricane  Harvey hit. This storm was the largest rain event in American history,  and some parts of Texas are still in the recovery mode. Harvey brought  more than 50 inches of rain to some parts of Houston.   I am sure that many Americans can remember the TV footage of the  devastating scenes and the heroism of people who rose to the challenge  and helped. The roofs of homes were completely torn off and revealed  knee-deep water and scattered furniture. Streets looked like rivers  that were filled with small boats that led rescue operations. Folks  linked arms and made human chains to help save people who were stranded  in their vehicles.   It was the second most expensive hurricane in history, only behind  Hurricane Katrina, with an estimated total cost of $125 billion. While  we can put a pricetag on the damaged homes, businesses, and  infrastructure, there is no way we could even begin to quantify the  impact this storm had on lost loved ones and how much it completely  upended so many lives.   With that heartbreak fresh on our minds, it only underscores the  importance of strengthening our preparedness efforts. Unlike many  threats we face, either from our adversaries on the ground or in  cyberspace, there is nothing we can do to stop Mother Nature in her  tracks. Our only course of action is to be prepared and to build  resilient communities that can withstand the impact. We need to  continue to do everything in our power to provide assistance to State  and local governments so they can protect themselves in the event of  severe weather.   One may recall, in the wake of Hurricane Harvey and other natural  disasters, that Congress worked hard to provide disaster relief to  Texas and other States that were adversely affected. While there is  still a lot of work to be done, these dollars have helped my State to  rebuild and to bring back some semblance of normalcy. I am grateful to  all of our colleagues here for working with us, as well as with  Florida, California, Puerto Rico, and the other places that were hit at  about that same time. I am grateful for the assistance of a bipartisan  group of Senators and Congressmen and for President Trump who worked  together to provide disaster relief in the wake of this devastation.  Yet here is the rub--much of the funding that has been approved for  Texas still hasn't been untangled from the redtape here in Washington,  DC.   In February 2018--15 months ago--Congress appropriated more than $28  billion in community development block grants for disaster recovery,  with roughly $12 billion intended specifically for mitigation purposes.  About $4 billion of that was designated for Texas, and it could still  be used to do things, like to repair wastewater treatment facilities  that haven't been fully restored, to carry out important economic  revitalization in decimated areas, or to relocate or elevate damaged  facilities in order to prepare for the next storm. Yet we have not seen  a cent of that $4 billion because it has been tied up at the Office of  Management and Budget.   I have said before and will say it again: I look at the Constitution.  I see what the President's authority is. I see what the House of  Representatives' authority is. I see what the U.S. Senate's authority  is. My understanding is, when they all agree on an appropriations bill,  that it is the law of the land. Yet somehow, this Agency--the Office of  Management and Budget--has seen fit to usurp that authority and to  defeat the will of Congress when it comes to getting disaster relief to  the intended beneficiaries.   This undue delay, I believe, is unacceptable but is, sadly, not  unique to my State. Other States are facing this same unnecessary  holdup in getting desperately needed funds. One of those States is West  Virginia, which has been waiting more than 3 years to receive funding  after the devastating floods of June 2016.   I and my colleague from West Virginia, Senator Manchin, recently  introduced a bill that would require the Office of Management and  Budget to ensure that these appropriated funds are promptly disbursed.  The Bipartisan Disaster Recovery Funding Act would start a timer--a  shock clock, if you will--on when the OMB must release the money. It  would give it 60 days to get these dollars untangled from the redtape  and get them to the communities that desperately need them.   It is important to note that this change would apply not only to this  particular block of funding but to any funds appropriated to States  that are being withheld by OMB.   As appropriators continue to work on a disaster supplemental this  week, I hope they will include a provision to ensure that States like  Texas that have already suffered from a major disaster don't become  victims of government bureaucracy.   It has now been 467 days since the President signed a bill that would  have sent roughly $48 billion to Texas, and it is tough to imagine what  communities could have accomplished in that time and how much progress  could have been made if simply Congress's and the executive branch's  will had been carried out by the Federal bureaucracy.   With the 2019 hurricane season only a week and half away, it is  critical we get this money out of Washington and into the hands of  those who need it so we can begin to work on long-term projects to  protect the Texas coast and protect against future storms.   Of course Hurricane Harvey was not the first storm to hit my State,  and I guarantee it will not be the last. Texans have waited long enough  for the funding that we were promised and that Congress appropriated  over the signature of the President, and I hope we can pass something  soon to improve the resilience in these communities and carry out  congressional will.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   