 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    What is the pending business before the Senate?    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the nomination of  William Barr to be the next Attorney General of the United States.   Mr. Barr has an admirable record of public service in his career. He  has dramatically more qualifications and experience than many of his  predecessors and, certainly, the Acting Attorney General. We can see he  brings more experience to the job.   I respect Mr. Barr and his family. I have told him as much to his  face. He has a wonderful family, and he brought them with him to the  hearing, and many of them have chosen public service careers, as he  has.   I carefully reviewed his record, trying to consider him in not only  the context of this awesome responsibility of being Attorney General,  but at this awesome moment in history.   When it comes to the ongoing investigation of President Trump's  campaign by Robert Mueller, I fear that Mr. Barr has said and done  things that raise questions about his objectivity. He has clearly  indicated to President Donald Trump and to all of us how he would  oversee this investigation if he is confirmed. Just look at the  unsolicited--unsolicited--19-page memo that William Barr sent to  Special Counsel Mueller's supervisors and to the Trump legal defense  team just in June of 2018.   It is notable that Mr. Barr did not send this memo to Special Counsel  Mueller himself, and he did not make it public.   This was the only time Mr. Barr had sent a memo like this to the  Justice Department, and he did not disclose in his memo that he had  personally interviewed with the President the previous year about  serving on the President's defense team.   This memo is critical for its substance. In it, Mr. Barr argued that  Bob Mueller, the investigator, the special counsel, should not be  permitted to ask the President any questions about obstruction of  justice, even though Mr. Barr's analysis focused only on one narrow  obstruction theory.   The memo calls into serious question Mr. Barr's ability to  impartially oversee the obstruction of justice issues in the Mueller  investigation at a moment in history when that is an essential  question. Mr. Barr has made no commitment to recuse himself from such  questions. That is worrisome.   That William Barr would volunteer a 19-page legal memo with dramatic  efforts at research and verification, give this to the President's  defense team and to Mr. Mueller's supervisors at the Department of  Justice, and basically make arguments diminishing the authority of the  special counsel to move forward in the investigation raises a serious  question about his impartiality.   Just as important, I am alarmed by Mr. Barr's continued hedging about  what he will do when Mr. Mueller completes his investigation and has a  presentation of his conclusions, his evidence, and his findings.   Make no mistake. Special Counsel Mueller's findings and conclusions  should be shared with the American people and with the U.S. Congress.  Current Department of Justice regulations and policies allow for such a  release. I am concerned that Mr. Barr will exercise his discretion  under those regulations narrowly and issue a cursory report that does  not take the findings of the Mueller investigation in their entirety  and make them available to the American people. This investigation is  too critical to seal its result in some vault at the Department of  Justice.    I believe we can trust Bob Mueller to be impartial and unbiased. I  don't know if he will find the President or people around him guilty of  wrongdoing beyond the indictments and convictions that have already  come down or whether he will conclude that there is no further  responsibility or culpability, but I trust his findings, whatever they  are. He is a true professional.   It is important, after we have gone through a year or two of  investigation, that the American people hear the details, hear the  information that may be part of the Mueller investigation.   I am also concerned that Mr. Barr will continue his predecessor's  harsh approach on immigration instead of charting a different course.   It was just last year, I believe in April in 2018, when the Attorney  General Jeff Sessions announced something called the zero-tolerance  policy.   Do you remember it?   The zero-tolerance policy said that the U.S. Government would  forcibly remove infants, toddlers, and children from their parents at  our border.   The inspector general's reports say that it had been going on for a  year before it was publicly announced.   Twenty-eight hundred children were removed from their parents. What  happened to them next is shameful. There was no effort made to trace  these children and the parents who were forced to give them up.   It was only when a Federal judge in San Diego stepped forward and  required the Department of Homeland Security and Department of Health  and Human Services to make an accounting of how many children were  still not united with their parents that they took the effort to do so  months--months--after those children had been separated from their  parents.  [[Page S1295]]    I saw those kids in an immigration court in Chicago in a large office  building that you would never guess was a court building in the Loop in  Chicago. There it was, the immigration court taking up most of one  floor in this office building. People were stacked three and four deep  in the corridors, waiting for their hearing. But the judge--and she was  a good person, a real professional--couldn't get her hearing underway.  She had a problem with those who were appearing before her court that  day. The problem was this: She had said that before they could start  the proceeding, those who were appearing had to sit down. One of the  clients who was in there for a hearing that day had some difficulty. I  was there to witness it. The difficulty was she was 2 years old. She  wasn't tall enough to crawl up in that chair without somebody lifting  her.   The other client who had a hearing that day, who had been removed  under this zero-tolerance policy, was a little more skillful. He  spotted a Matchbox car on the top of the table, and this 4-year-old boy  got up in the chair to play with it.   Those were two of the clients before this immigration judge in this  office building in the Loop in Chicago. They had been forcibly removed  from their parents, and they were up for a hearing. It was in August.   As a result of the hearing, as with most of the hearings, they said:  We are going to postpone this until we get further evidence. The next  hearing will be in December--December.   I would ask any parent, any grandparent: What would you think about  being separated from that little girl, that 2-year-old girl, whom you  love so much, for 6 months, 8 months, 9 months?   That was the policy of this Trump administration with zero  tolerance--a policy created and announced by Attorney General Jeff  Sessions.   So when I asked Mr. Barr: You are going to take over this job. What  is your view on this type of policy? Sadly, I didn't get a direct  answer.   I am concerned that in many respects Mr. Barr could continue the  harsh approach to immigration that we have seen by the Trump  administration instead of charting a different course, a course more  consistent with America's values and history.   We are in fact a nation of immigrants. Throughout American history,  immigration has strengthened and renewed our country. I stand here  today, the son of an immigrant girl who came to this country from  Lithuania at the age of 2. Her son grew up and got a full-time  government job right here in the Senate. It can happen. It is my story.  It is my family's story. It is America's story.   When I listened to the diatribes by this President in the State of  the Union Address about immigrants coming to this country--of course  there are bad people. We don't want any of them in this country, and if  they are here, we want them to leave. But think of all of the good  people who have come to this country and made America what it is today.  The President dismisses those folks, doesn't take them as seriously as  he should, as far as I am concerned.   I want to know if this Attorney General, Mr. Barr, subscribes to the  President's theories on immigration. For the past 2 years, President  Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions did everything in their power  to make America's immigration policy harsh and unwelcoming.   Mr. Barr's comments and history make me fear that he will bring the  full weight of the Justice Department to advance the President's anti- immigration agenda. Mr. Barr has refused to disavow the cruel and un- American zero-tolerance policy, which I just described, that led to  thousands of children being forcibly removed from their parents, and he  has fully and repeatedly echoed President Trump's call for a border  wall after the debate we have been through over the last several  months, falsely arguing that it will help to combat the opioid  epidemic. That is a ludicrous argument. In fact, the Drug Enforcement  Administration, which Mr. Barr would supervise, has found that the vast  majority of deadly narcotics coming into America through the Mexican  border are coming in through ports of entry. They are not being carried  in backpacks by people scaling fences. That is where our security  efforts should be made, not with some medieval wall.   Mr. Barr also falsely and repeatedly was critical of our asylum laws  for a host of problems. Our asylum laws, which have historically had  broad bipartisan support until this President came along, simply ensure  that we honor our legal and moral obligation to provide safe haven to  families and children who are fleeing persecution.   Who are these families seeking asylum and refugee status in the  United States? You can find members of those families right here on the  floor of the United States Senate. You can find three Cuban-American  U.S. Senators--one Democrat and two Republicans--whose families came  here as refugees from Castro's Cuba. Are we having second thoughts now  about whether they are a valuable part of America? I am not. These  people, these Cuban-Americans, have become an integral part of our  Nation. They were once refugees and asylees. Now, they are party of  America's future, and we are better off for it.   I could tell that story so many different ways. Soviet Jews trying to  escape persecution in the old Soviet Union and the Vietnamese who stood  by us and fought by our men and women in uniform during the Vietnam  war, who had to escape an oppressive regime, came to the United States  as refugees and asylees. We are now seeing under President Trump the  lowest level of refugees in modern memory. We are walking away from our  obligation to the world.   And Mr. Barr called for withholding of Federal funds to force cities  to cooperate with the Trump administration's immigration agenda, even  though courts have repeatedly struck down that approach.   Perhaps most troubling is Mr. Barr's comment to me that he thinks it  is absolutely appropriate for the Attorney General to change the  immigration rules to help advance a President's campaign. He said he  did it to help the campaign of President Bush in 1992. The idea of an  Attorney General letting campaign politics drive immigration  enforcement is unacceptable regardless of the President.   I am also concerned with the views Mr. Barr expressed on something  known as the unitary executive theory and his expansive view of  Presidential power. He put it bluntly in that 19-page memo I mentioned  before, when he said the President alone is the executive branch. We  need an Attorney General who recognizes the need for checks and  balances, but he did not believe that this President should be held  accountable for many of the actions he has taken. I may be naive, but I  don't believe any American is above the law, including the President of  the United States.   This is not an ordinary time in the history of the Justice  Department. President Trump has criticized the Judiciary, individual  Federal judges, our intelligence Agencies, and the Department of  Justice when they continued an investigation into his campaign. He has  undermined their independence and integrity with his storm of tweets  every single day.   William Barr said he sees the Attorney General as ``the President's  lawyer''--in his words--but the chief law enforcement officer of the  United States is supposed to be the lawyer for the people of the United  States. We need an Attorney General who will lead the Justice  Department without fear or favor and who will serve the Constitution of  the American people even if it means standing up to a President.   If he is confirmed, I hope Mr. Barr will prove me wrong and that he  will be a good Attorney General who came at the right moment in  history, but I have not received the reassurances I was looking for  from him to give him a vote to reach that position. I will be voting no  on the Barr nomination.   I see my colleague and friend Senator Leahy on the floor. I will  withhold two other statements for the Record to yield the floor.   