 Madam President, before I begin, I would like to take just  a second to mention the resolution the Senate will be passing this week  celebrating the 100th anniversary of the passage and ratification of  the 19th Amendment.   This was a landmark moment in the history of freedom in our country-- a major step forward in realizing America's promise of liberty. It is  an important moment to celebrate, and I look forward to voting for this  resolution this week and honoring all the women whose courage resulted  in the 19th Amendment's passage.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''   