 Thank you, Mr. President. I rise for a moment to talk  about a vote we will have tomorrow in this Chamber on a motion to adopt  an amendment to the supplemental appropriations passed by the House,  and it is a disaster amendment dealing with the States that have been  afflicted by disasters over the last 2 years--most of them southern  States, but not all. Some include the Territory of Puerto Rico.   I am going to go over the details in a second, but first of all, some  of you may see floating around this memorandum from the chairman of the  Appropriations Committee in the House and the vice chairman in the  Senate. It talks about an agreement that was on the disaster money and  refers to Puerto Rico being shortchanged and the fact that we need to  make sure that that doesn't happen. I want to give you the facts.   Georgia, which I represent, is one of a number of States that  includes Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alaska, California,  and Hawaii, which have experienced significant disasters in the past 2  years. We saw the fires in California on our TVs. We saw the volcanos  in Hawaii. We saw the blueberries in Georgia fall off the vines and be  destroyed. We saw what happened to these crops and Alaska's earthquake.  All of these States have received nothing yet.   Puerto Rico has received $40 billion--$40 billion for what happened  in Maria, and $21 billion has not been spent. They have gotten a lot of  money, $40 billion, and the amendment I want to talk about in a second  gives them $600 million more.   There are a lot of places in this country that are States that we  represent that have gotten nothing and have had big disasters in the  last 2 years. These disasters are hurting our economy, our people, and  our States.   So I want to--any of you to see this email or this flyer tomorrow or  hear the debate tomorrow. What it says, the flyer says that the vice  chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Leahy, is going to  object to the substitute that will be offered by Senator Perdue and  myself tomorrow to the bill that will be debated unless Puerto Rico  gets a better shake. The point, Puerto Rico has gotten 40, only spent  19, they have got $21 billion left to spend. We have $600 million to  see to it that they don't run out of SNAP money at the end of this  month, which they will with everything that stands currently. Puerto  Rico is being treated great. Is there CDBG money they want? No, it is  not in there.   ``Fair'' is an interesting word. Fair is when you and I are treated  fairly. We both get equal proportions, for money and things of that  nature. Unfair is when somebody weights the formula--or someone takes  undue advantage of a special situation.   Well, this is a special situation. A lot of people are going to go  without help by the end of next month. Farm bills are going to come  due, and banks are going to foreclose on them. A lot of people in  agriculture will be hurt badly. People who have been hurt by the fires  in California will not be helped. Those who expressed help for  earthquake damage in Alaska will not be helped. A lot of people will  not be helped.    We need to put off this guise of fairness and be really fair. Let's  see that we put in the $600 million, which the amendment does and see  to it that people on SNAP in Puerto Rico get their money. Let's see to  it that those people in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North  Carolina and other States damaged by floods, hurricanes, or fires get  their money.   There will be more emergencies, and we all know that. We all hate  emergencies for a lot of reasons--appropriators, especially. Nobody  wants to have to do that, but when our State, your State or mine, is  injured dramatically in a disastrous hurricane or tornado or whatever,  we as a country have always passionately dealt with the results of  those storms, the losses those States have felt, and helped those  States get back on their feet and those people be served.   We are not asking for a handout; we are asking for a hand up in each  of those States, and they have been waiting for a long time. Those who  know what I am talking about, who is from Georgia, we have farmers who  have gone through a cycle and their farm financing was done through  banks that, at the end of this month, will have to act on those loans  and call them for payment or have a refinance schedule knowing that  they got some money coming down the line. If this passes and is agreed  to by the House and the banks get the message that we are trying to  help them like we have always had in the past, they will have a chance  to make the negotiations, pay the money back that they borrowed, and do  it over time and give people jobs in the field rather than go back and  tell them we can't give them money and help them and lose the farm and  business and us lose a lot of jobs.   It is just not right, and it is not fair. I used the word ``fair''  just then because I think fair is the definition of  [[Page S1930]]  seeing to it that Puerto Rico, Georgia, and South Carolina get help.   If you get this argument, read it. It sounds like we agreed to  something 3 weeks ago, and now, all of a sudden, we are not agreeing to  the same thing. That is not true. We agreed last week when we left what  this vote would be tomorrow, what the supplemental will look like, what  would be included in it, and as I understood it and my sense of  understanding, we agreed to all the things. Was there enough money for  Puerto Rico for what they wanted? No, they wanted more. Would Florida  like more? Would Georgia like more? North Carolina like more? Yes. But  in fairness of equity, it is fair and equitable to those people.   I would urge you to listen to the debate and what everybody tells you  what happened before you make a decision and everyone gets hurt.  Instead what you are going to do, if you fall for this scenario, you  are going to really hurt some people who will otherwise be helped  through deliberations that have taken over the part of the last 2 or 3  months.   Mr. President, I appreciate the time and the time to come here. I  wish I could talk about something other than disasters, but I can't. A  lot of people lost their lives and farms and their future. I want to  see that we help in an equitable fashion in those States and those  Territories that we do so.   I yield the floor.   