 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New  Jersey, a champion for pro-life, Mr. Chris Smith.   Madam Speaker, I am a father of three. I am a grandfather of eight.  As I often say when I speak to groups that children are an  extraordinary gift.   As Mr. Fortenberry said, women are gifts; the children they carry  within them are gifts.   Why don't we appreciate them more?   I often tell kids that children are the only thing God can make  adults with. If we don't give Him a ready supply, you don't want Him to  run out. And they always chuckle, but I always remind them that they  are created in the image of Almighty God.   Look to the Bible in Jeremiah 1 and you will see the quote: ``Before  I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born, I set you  apart. I appointed you as a profit to the nations.''   Children are known by God when they are in the womb of the mother. It  is just that simple.   Our great Nation has carried respect for life from the very moment of  our founding. Our forefathers noted that we are endowed by our creator  with certain unalienable rights. You heard Ms. Virginia Foxx talk about  them.   Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is promised to each of us  in our Constitution, in our Declaration of Independence; not given to  us by the Constitution or by the Declaration, but given to us by  Almighty God.   So long as those babies have a chance to live, they can experience  those rights: the right to life, the right to liberty, the right to the  pursuit of happiness. Everyone hearing my voice has that right and was  given that right. Shouldn't they be given those same rights?   Without the right to life, we are a Nation without the pursuit of  happiness, without liberty.   The Supreme Court erred mightily in this decision January 22, 1973.  We should be a Nation of law, a Nation of rights, a Nation of life, and  yet we seem to struggle with that proposition. Lord help us.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for his diligence in this.   