 Mr. President, the Land and Conservation Fund was enacted  for a laudable goal; that is, to promote recreational opportunities on  our Federal public lands. But in recent decades, the program has  regrettably drifted far from its original intent and has become rife  with abuse.   Indeed, the Land and Water Conservation Fund--or LWCF, as it is often  described--has instead been used as a primary tool for more Federal  land acquisition rather than to actually help people access or to help  the government care for the land we already manage.   Through the LWCF, the Federal Government has added more and more land  to its already vast estate, currently totaling 640 million acres of  land in this country. To put that in perspective, that is bigger than  about seven major European countries combined--and I don't mean their  public lands; I mean the entire countries themselves--nearly one-third  of all land in the United States. This is 640 million acres. That  includes a whole lot of land for the Federal Government, and no single  owner, for that matter, could ever be able to take care of it. But the  Federal Government is failing to take care of these lands; make no  mistake about it.   Indeed, the magnitude of unfunded needs on these public lands is  staggering. There is an $18.5 billion maintenance backlog on Federal  lands, including $11.6 billion in the National Park System alone.   Wildfires have run rampant in the West because of mismanagement and  neglect. Ill-kept roads and trails have actually kept citizens from  accessing these national treasures, and the American people are paying  the price.   The package before us currently reauthorizes this broken program,  denying us any leverage--any real opportunity--to regularly reform the  program in the future.   Senator Lankford and I have offered several amendments that would  help address this program, but at the very least, we ought not to be  permanently reauthorizing it without any of these conditions in place.   That is why I have offered an amendment that would reauthorize for 5  years the Land and Water Conservation Fund so that we are forced to  reassess the program at a later date and can hopefully correct and  improve the program to actually empower the States with recreation  opportunities.   To that end, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this amendment.   I call up my amendment No. 162.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be  waived.   